

Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






Your Job


    At Indeed we are building a smart, intuitive and insightful Ads Platform that enables data-informed decision making and seamless end-to-end management of all job postings.
  

    The Ads Relevance team is working on modeling and optimization for onsite and offsite display ads.
  


 We are looking for engineers that will be able to:



 Deliver high-quality, maintainable, and reusable software systems
 Experience breaking down work on complex problems.
 Passionate about using data-driven approaches to solve the challenging problems in advertising.
 Have strong ownership of your work and the problems you solve.
 Naturally collaborate and help make others around you successful.


 Who You Are


 Experience with Agile, Object Oriented modeling, web services, middleware and database.
 BS in Computer Science or related area, or relevant work experience.
 2+ years of experience in Software development


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers.
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine.
  

 Reference ID: 33949



Schedule: Full time
  
Availability: Morning, Afternoon, Evening. 
  
Age Requirement: Must be 18 years or older
  
Location: Rochester, NY
  
Address: 1500 Brooks Ave
  
Job Posting: 04/29/2022
  
Job Posting End: 05/30/2022
  
Job ID:R0125513
   This position is remote/work from home. Candidates must be available to travel to Rochester, NY up to (4) times per year. 

The Programmer Analyst will work with the business to define requirements and design efficient solutions. You will prepare programs and process specifications that fit those requirements and to code, test, debug and install programs based on those specifications

 What will I do?

 Create and modify moderately to highly complex Web APIs, including applications/systems integration
 Creation and maintenance of automated Unit, Smoke, and Acceptance Tests
 Participate on an agile scrum team in a highly collaborative environment
 Automate and maintain Continuous Integration/Deployment pipelines


 Required Experience:


 3 or more years of programming experience
 Proficient .NET programming skills
 Experience using source control tools
 Hands on experience with relational databases


 Required Skills:

 Ability to work independently and with others as part of a team
 Knowledge of Agile Process


 At Wegmans, we believe that if we take care of our people, they’ll take care of our customers. That’s why, as part of the Wegmans family, you’ll have a package of benefits that covers your health, well-being, family and future.

 Flexibility in scheduling—work-life balance
 Employee discounts
 Premium pay on Sundays and holidays

 Comprehensive benefits* 

Quality affordable healthcare coverage 
Vision coverage 
Dental coverage (Available to Full-time only)
 Pre-tax spending accounts 
Life insurance 
Paid time off 
Employee assistance program 
Employee wellness programs 
401(k) retirement savings plan 
Wegmans retirement profit sharing plan 
Scholarship Program 
Certain eligibility requirements must be satisfied


 For 25 years in a row, our employees have put us on the FORTUNE magazine’s list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Discover what it means to work for a family owned, mission-driven, values-based company that believes in caring, respect, empowerment, high standards and making a difference in the community. Because with a family-like atmosphere of shared support, leaders who have your best interest at heart and growth as part of everything we do, Wegmans is the place for you to do what you love—and love what you do.


Hulu's User Content Interactions Platform team is seeking a Senior Software Developer who will be an outstanding addition to our technology team. The team is responsible for building and enhancing our platform to enable Hulu to deliver a dynamic experience to our viewers based on our viewers interactions with content. The right person for this role is passionate about building systems that are optimized for scalability, security and reliability. If you are someone who loves simple, performant solutions to ambitious problems and is looking for a role that has significant growth potential, then this is a great role for you.

Responsibilities :

Design and develop the large-scale, real-time, reliable and globally available platforms.
Build robust and scalable micro-services and data pipelines.
End to end ownership of backend services: Ideate, review design, build, code-review, test, load-test, launch, monitor performance.
Collaborate with other team members (including product owners, TPMs, and other business units) to achieve product and business requirements.
Use a mix of technologies including Java, Python, Kafka, Redis, MySQL, Flink, Spark, AWS.
Challenge our team and software to be even better.

Basic Qualifications :

5+ years of relevant software engineering experience
Proficiency with at least one of the following languages: Java, Python
Extensive experience building highly scalable, reliable and maintainable services
Enthusiasm for achieving sub-millisecond gains in service response time
The quality-first mindset with a focus on test automation and CI/CD
Great communication, collaboration skills, and a strong teamwork ethic
The ability to jump into a project and contribute immediately to both architecture and implementation
Strive for excellence

Required Education :

BS or MS in Computer Science/Engineering or related work experience

Additional Information :

#DisneyTech
Location: Santa Monica CA, OR remote
We are looking for Software Engineer candidates (contractor role) for our client. If you join the team, you will have the chance to work with Microsoft’s Health cloud and data team, assisting with contribution to open-source projects, and working to revolutionize healthcare for the world. You will play an important role in bringing data from high tech devices into the platform.
Benefits: 

Healthcare
Opportunities for career development and growth
Continuous development of technical skills in emerging technologies, as well as leadership skills

Main Responsibilities: 

Develop software programs of a complex nature, including operating systems, applications, and network products.
Design and perform analysis on moderately complex programs and systems.
Analyze performance bottlenecks and system failures.
Take on Primary role in smaller, lower risk projects.
Contribute to the development of processes and methodology.
Project management such as assignments and schedules.

Key Qualifications: 

Deep understanding in Objective C, Swift, IOS development, minimum 2 years’ experience required.
Previous development experience in C#, minimum 2 years’ experience required.
Familiar with Azure, Azure DevOps.
Knowledge of Googlefit, Healthkit, SMART on FHIR app, desired but not a hard requirement.
Remote work with support to PST core hours required

About Wicresoft North America 
Wicresoft is a global company with over 10,000 employees worldwide. Wicresoft North America is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington with offices across the US. Wicresoft North America is an industry leader in the telecom industry for providing comprehensive network operations and engineering services, talent acquisition solutions and technology managed services, a global Gold Microsoft partner with offices in the US and U.K.
Wicresoft is devoted to delivering equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, disability, veteran status, age, or other condition or status protected by law.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is central to our Wicresoft Community. We believe in it. We fight for it. It’s part of who we are.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

iOS development: 2 years (Preferred)
C#: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


At DIRECTV, we’re connecting the world through the latest tech, top-of-the-line communications and the best in entertainment. Innovation powers all that we do, and our groundbreaking solutions deliver compelling communication and entertainment experiences to millions of customers worldwide. As part of our team, your next big idea could be our newest innovation. Here’s your opportunity to combine your passions for entertainment, media and technology to transform our company and your career. 

Do you have what it takes?

You’re self-motivated and have a passion for learning cloud services and software engineering
You’re open to working fully remote and can work autonomously
You like the idea of making changes that improve the speed, robustness and reliability of systems used across our organization to develop a product used by millions of customers
You succeed in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment with a “everything has a solution” mindset and a fearless “go-getter” attitude
You communicate effectively across all levels of our organization

Key Roles and Responsibilities:

Design, develop and deliver resilient and scalable solutions
Collaborate with architects, product owners and other engineering teams to design and architect robust end-to-end solutions
Own your services end-to-end, from ideation to production deployment and performance monitoring
Communicate technical solutions to both technical and non-technical audiences as the face of your team for engineering leadership meetings
Keep up-to-date with industry technology and be passionate about high-quality software engineering
Host demo presentations of POCs and development progress to peers and management

Here’s what you’ll need:

Knowledge of AWS services
Big Data Technologies
Python
Golang (nice to have) 

We’re looking for a forward-thinking, innovative, and talented engineer to join the Big Data Platform Engineering team. This position will work in an agile organization working on platform used to power DIRECTV Stream and DIRECTV Beam. These platforms support services, data processing, video processing, and advertising flows that make television work. You’ll be working on a high-visibility, fast paced team to work with other cross-functional business teams to help implement high quality solutions and deliver value to our customers.
This position is subject to the DIRECTV COVID-19 Vaccination Policy. Click here for additional information.
This position can earn between $77,100 - $154,200, not to mention all of the other amazing rewards that working at DIRECTV offers. From health insurance to tuition reimbursement and paid time off, to discounts on products and services… just to name a few. There is a lot to be excited about around here!
This is a remote position that can be located anywhere in the United States. #LI-Remote
Ready to join our team? Apply today!  DTV will consider for employment qualified applicants in a manner consistent with the requirements of federal, state and local laws.

 Job Posting: May 12, 2022, 3:42:06 PM
   Other Locations: Illinois-Chicago, Colorado-CASTLE ROCK, Texas-Dallas
   Schedule: Full-time
   Job Level: Associate/First Level Manager
 

cnect is looking for a Front-End UI developer for our software engineering team. You will be responsible for user interface development on cnect’s flagship product and core features. Main responsibilities include: delivery of quality/smart code accurately reflecting product requirements, development in mono and poly repo environments using a repository pattern, developing and maintaining cross-platform SDKs, development and maintenance on UI design system, as well as having a good eye for detail and adherence to brand marketing guidelines and providing a rich enterprise-level user experience.
Qualifications:
Proven experience as a Front-End Angular2+ developer. Experience developing desktop and/or mobile applications, familiarity with common front-end technology stacks. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (Angular12, HTML, CSS/SASS(SCSS), TypeScript, NgRx). Familiarity with cloud-based NoSQL databases (Firestore), excellent communication, and teamwork skills. Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or relevant field
Job Responsibilities:
Development, deployment, monitoring, and maintenance of quality software on a high-traffic website(s). Developing highly reusable component-based code. Team code reviews - Writing, running, and maintaining automated testing on delivered code. Communicate effectively with management around drawbacks and advantages to design decisions, and working efficiently within an agile environment
Apply Today: https://candidate.cnect.jobs/#/landing/job/LlEQENGSYsY4a9647ze9_en-US
Full-time employees are eligible for medical, vision, dental, and long-term disability benefits 60 days into full-time employment. The company covers long-term disability at 100%, contributes 50% of your medical premium (with a maximum of $250 per month), and 0% to vision and dental. In addition, you will be eligible for our retirement savings plan benefit 90 days into full-time employment. Cnect will make employer contributions to your 401(k) up to 100% of contributions on the first 3% deferred.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Square in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, and save to our millions of monthly active users. We want to make the world’s relationship with money more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. This is our mission, and it’s why working at Cash App means so much more than a job.
 Today, Cash App has thousands of employees working globally across office and remote locations, with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and we’ve got offices and remote teammates across the globe. Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Cash App operates. No matter the location, we tailor our experience to ensure our employees are creative, productive, and happy.
 Check out our locations, benefits, and more at cash.app/careers to learn more!



  Job Description
   Cash App leads financial innovation and, continuing in that tradition, we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem - Taxes.
 As a founding member of this vertical and the first product web team at Cash App, the person in this role will play a lead in building the future of DIY taxes. They will be responsible for the creation of technical requirements, implementation of new systems, and integration of existing tax technology into Cash’s infrastructure for front-end engineering for Cash App.
 You will:

 Participate in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design and implement a technical front-end strategy
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Demonstrated technical initiative on previous projects
 A passion for product development and seeing results
 A knack for creating readable, pragmatic code
 An appreciation of simple, practical solutions
 Eagerness to share your ideas, and openness to those of others

 Technologies we use and teach:

 JavaScript, TypeScript, React
 Webpack, React Query, Cypress
 Java and Kotlin, with JUnit, Hibernate, and Guice
 Event-driven architecture

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

Locations: US Remote, United States of America
Software Engineer, Full Stack
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Full Stack Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.
What You’ll Do:
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Utilize programming languages like Java, Apache Kafka, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Python, Scala, and Container Orchestration services including Docker and Kubernetes, and a variety of AWS tools and services
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 2 years of experience in software engineering (Internship experience does not apply)
Preferred Qualifications:
3+ years of experience in at least one of the following: JavaScript, Java, TypeScript, SQL, Python, or Go
1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another cloud service
2+ years of experience in open source frameworks
2+ years of experience in Agile practices
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).


   Superpedestrian is engineering the future of micromobility. The Superpedestrian team is composed of some of the most talented operations specialists, policy managers, designers and engineers, all focused on transforming the future urban mobility. Our scooters, called LINK, were designed to prioritize safety from the inside out, and our Superpedestrian team is dedicated to building meaningful local and city partnerships across the world. Join us!
  


 Superpedestrian is seeking a 
   Software QA Engineer to join our growing test team to ensure the delivery of a robust software stack for our industry-leading scooter service. The ideal candidate has strong software development skills with the ability to autonomously solve problems and collaborate cross-functionally.
  
 What you'll do: 

Responsible for the design, development, maintenance, and execution of functional, regression, integration and end-to-end tests
 Support the automation frameworks that are used by both development and QA teams
 Perform testing of our software systems including through the physical interaction with the scooter
 Drive the definition and implementation of software QA standards for the development teams

 What we're looking for: 

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or relevant work experience
 3+ years of industry experience in software testing
 Experience with testing SaaS products
 Experience in Python scripting and user-level test automation such as Selenium
 Experience with RESTful web services/API testing
 Experience with code versioning tools, preferably Git
 Experience with Django, Rails, Node or similar web framework
 Working knowledge of database systems

 Perks:

 Competitive benefits with company subsidized medical, dental, vision & disability insurance and a 401k plan.
 Generous time off policy.
 On the job training with a leadership team that is committed to growth and development of all employees.
 A team of awesome, like-minded, driven people that support each other, and mentors from across the top echelons of industry.
 The chance to have your voice heard and help shape Superpedestrian’s future.
 Equity in a fast growing company.
 A commitment to an actively anti-racist environment. 
Remote.


    Superpedestrian actively encourages applicants of all backgrounds. If you think you meet most of the requirements, but not every single point on the job description, please apply! We’d love to have a chat and see if you'd be a great addition to our team.
  

Cerner is elated to hire a Software Engineer I. As a Software Engineer I, you will write and configure code for new and upgraded solutions in accordance with technical specifications. In this role you will, write code, test and debug new software, make enhancements to existing software from clear requirements, participate in code reviews and identify basic issues or deviations from best practices and develop knowledge of assigned solution, technologies, development processes and ecosystem.
Working Environment
Hybrid or Remote
This position offers a Hybrid or Remote working environment. Meaning if you live within a metro area of a Cerner office, you will split working time between a Cerner office and remote. If you are not within a metro area of a Cerner office, you can live and work in your current geographical location and work primarily remote. #LI-Hybrid #Remote
Back to Description
Cerner Jobs and Careers
Engineering & Technology
Innovation occurs everywhere but maybe you are also looking for a purpose. Nothing is more impactful than improving the health of others. Develop cutting edge technologies that have real meaning.
Additional Information
Working Environment Hybrid or Remote

Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: No

Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
At least 4 years total combined completed higher education and related work experience, including:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering or related field
Expectations:
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations
Work in accordance with corporate and organizational security policies and procedures, understand personal role in safeguarding corporate and client assets, and take appropriate action to prevent and report any compromises of security within scope of position
Perform other responsibilities as assigned
Applicants for U.S. based positions with Cerner Corporation must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

As a condition of employment, all US-based employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless a medical or religious exemption is approved.

Some Cerner positions may be obligated to comply with additional client-facing requirements and occupational health requests, including but not limited to, an immunization set, an annual flu shot, an annual TB screen, an updated background check, and/or an updated drug screen.
Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries.

Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace.
Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


The Challenge:
 Do you want to build software that solves enterprise-scale challenges while learning and growing your skills?

 This role is more than just coding. Our junior developers use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and apply them towards identifying and delivering needed software solutions. You will learn software development principles and how to apply them through various development methodologies, like Scrum, Scaled Agile Framework, and Kanban, to name a few. Our goal in hiring a junior developer is to match your intensity and passion for software development with our deep experience in the practice of software delivery to help deliver products for our customers and to evolve your career. This position is open to remote delivery anywhere within the U.S., to include the District of Columbia.

 Join us. The world can’t wait.

 You Have:

Experience with Java, Python, and JavaScript in industry or academic environments
Experience with documenting testing and maintenance of system corrections
Knowledge of Web protocols and services
Knowledge of Oracle, MySQL, or MS SQL
Ability to analyze and solve problems
Ability to work independently and within a team
Ability to obtain a security clearance
HS diploma or GED


 Nice If You Have:

Experience with Agile software development processes and tools, including the Atlassian Tool Suite
Experience with researching, designing, developing, or modifying enterprise-wide systems or applications software in an internship or academic environment
Bachelor's degree


 Clearance:
 Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

 Compensation:
 The proposed salary range for this position in Colorado is 70,000 to 80,000. Final salary will be determined based on various factors.

 At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choice, and support your total well-being. Our comprehensive benefit offerings include healthcare, retirement plan, insurance programs, commuter program, employee assistance program, paid and unpaid leave programs, education assistance, and childcare benefits.

 Build Your Career:
 A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:

 experts in virtually every field
 a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
 opportunities that provide stability while offering variety


 You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.

 We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.



Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


What we need: We have big plans to re-architect, rebuild and rethink how we digest and process millions of documents every day. Our customers need Logikcull more than ever (More customers and more data per customer = non linear growth!) and our Processing team is at the core of every challenge we have as a rapidly growing company. At Logikcull, recursion isn't just for solving Fibonacci puzzles. It's what happens when Phil from Legal learns he can drag any type of document into a PDF. Embedded files All. The. Way. Down. How deep do these documents go, not even Phil knows. Do you love complex systems, the push and pull between rapid growth and simple, reliable software? You might fit right in here at Logikcull. Come grow your engineering skills and help build a high-impact team.
*Who you’ll work with: *You'll join a team of engineers dedicated to processing customer data in Logikcull. Our engineers are steeped in file formats of all types, love parallel and concurrent programming (and know the difference) and daydream about workflow and pipeline designs. Heather can tell you the exact date the mbox format was introduced in unix. Tucker might try to convert you by sharing the message about Erlang and Chris may be close to figuring out how to make drones sentient enough to do document review for our customers. A diverse team is an asset and we're hoping you will bring something unique to offer too.What you’ll do: 

Learn quickly about Discovery vocabulary and procedures. Welcome to Legal technology, a huge market where we can uniquely deliver on our mission.
Work with a team to evaluate, help prioritize and execute on technical improvement projects
Work with product designers to understand new feature ideas and requirements
Create sample document sets to help improve testing and understanding of intricate file formats
Write highly performant code to elevate processing capacity and throughput (Even small changes can have outsized effects when millions of documents flow through Logikcull)
Build software to integrate with the latest and most popular external services like Slack, GVault and more

What we’re looking for (you!): 

You are a team player, ready to support your co-workers while also raising the bar for the entire group
You have experience working in fast paced environments, shipping working software multiple times per week
You are comfortable developing in Ruby, Python, Java, or Kotlin
You have a solid grasp of computer science fundamentals
Data processing at scale sounds FUN, you weirdo
You are comfortable prototyping on a whiteboard and with example code
You believe data drives insights and helps determine where we go
You have a solid appreciation for observability and understand how to operate production software at scale

Why us?Join for the amazingly talented and kind people. Stay for the massive customer and market impact. Read what our employees & customers have to say, and be sure to watch this quick explainer video. We're 100% remote/distributed, and staying that way! Our benefits are best in class. And our perks, including $1k/year for WFW (Work From Wherever), company off-sites (see photos), half-day Fridays, and killer SWAG make working @ Logikcull even better.
_Logikcull is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, sex, age, sexual orientation, military, and veteran status, registered domestic partner status, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need._
Job Type: Full-time

Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.




Compensation  
$100,000 to $180,000+ USD & Stock Options

Let's start with why we exist. 
Ever wondered if your employer is monitoring your work computer?
At Fleet, we think it's time device management went open source.

Why should you join us? 

Work from anywhere with good internet. (We're 100% remote. No office. No commute.) Everyone works remote, but you don't feel remote. There is no "headquarters". You are free to travel and move.
 Fleet can offer you a competitive salary, significant equity, and an independent, outsider-friendly culture. Work with helpful, kind, and motivated people who know what they're doing.
 At Fleet, we value focus, iteration, and meaningful results– not 60 hour work weeks. We are non-judgmental and laser-focused on growing the company.
 Work closely with experienced, well-funded founders and a great team, including the people who created osquery (osquery.io) and Sails (sailsjs.com). We care about openness and transparency.
 Work computers can be private and safe. Help make endpoint monitoring less intrusive and more transparent.
 Protect the production servers and employee laptops of Earth's largest companies. Work on a product used by lots of people who care about what you do.
 Fleet is growing quickly, with significant revenue from Fortune 1000 customers. You will have lots of opportunities to make decisions, learn, and try new things.


 Responsibilities
As the senior frontend engineer on the interface team, this position will provide significant opportunity for growth into a leadership role either in management or as an individual contributor. Unlock the potential of Fleet's platform by building compelling user experiences for IT and security teams who rely on our product to get their work done every day.

Fleet's UI is written in React with Typescript. We want you to lead the technical vision for continuing to grow the capabilities and scope of this UI, while taming complexity and reliability for the frontend engineering team. You will work closely with an engineering manager who has significant frontend development experience to realize the UI vision for Fleet's product. There is also some scope to get involved with full-stack engineering in the Go backend.

Design and implement new features with Typescript in Fleet's 100% source-available codebase (https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/).
 Work with Fleet's product team, customers, and the wider open-source community to improve IT and security workflows.
 Work closely with frontend engineers to implement new API features.
 Mentor newer engineers and become a technical leader as you grow with
 Support customers and users using software you built at organizations you've heard of (https://fleetdm.com/#testimonials).


 Are you our new teammate? ‍

Mid-level to senior engineering experience (4+ years) with frontend or full-stack software engineering.
 Significant professional experience building SPAs in JavaScript/Typescript with React. 
 Extensive experience with the myriad benefits and tradeoffs of reusable UI components. 
 Expert CSS skills: Confidence writing custom stylesheets (we use Sass and LESS). 
 Experience creating and maintaining robust, responsive experiences that gracefully collapse down to 320px width
Your work hours have significant overlap with Americas time zones.
 You have great written and oral communication (https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/communication/) skills, especially in English.
 You are competent with source control in Git. You use issue trackers and other worthwhile processes to get more meaningful work done.
 You can mentor other developers and do code reviews. Maybe you managed open source projects before; maybe you collaborated closely with more junior engineers at work. You understand the importance of promoting a positive engineering culture.
 Bonus: Experience building data visualizations in the browser.
 Bonus: Experience or interest in cybersecurity.



DISQO is changing the way that the world’s largest brands, agencies and consumer intelligence companies get to know their consumers. We’ve built the first identity-based platform that combines consumer attitudes and behaviors together to power the most accurate and predictive insights solutions for our customers, and we do all of that with the willing participation of our consumers and without using outdated technologies like third-party cookies. We help our customers get a cross-platform view into consumer sentiment, measure advertising effectiveness, analyze consumer purchase journeys, and ultimately grow their brands.
Our mission is to build the most trusted insights platform that fuels brand growth. With over one million active members sharing their attitudes and behaviors, DISQO is looking to expand, improve and create world-class applications for people to openly share their data for research.
Check out the DISQO Developer Blog for the latest from our DISQOTECH team.
*Who you are: *You have a passion for building amazing, well-tested, maintainable software. You are self-motivated, and enjoy working in a user-focused, highly intelligent, entrepreneurial environment. You bring superior programming skills and a quality-first approach to software development.
What you will do: 

Work within an Agile team, solve complex problems on a daily basis through engineering excellence
Create automation tools and frameworks that will ensure the integrity, scalability and performance of the platform
Set and enforce coding standards and establish performance reporting
Ensure the completion of the definition of done of epics and user stories to enable sprint success
Participate in design and code reviews

What you bring to the table: 

2+ years of experience building customer-facing applications
2+ years of experience with JavaScript programming
Extensive knowledge and understanding of JavaScript
Experience with JavaScript libraries (e.g. Vue.js, React, and Angular 2+)
Proficiency in browser rendering behavior and performance
Experience in front-end tools (e.g. Webpack, NPM and Babel)Sound understanding of web markup, such as HTML5
Fast learner and self-starter
Team player, must be able to work in a team environment
Familiarity with agile software development methods
Competence with Git version control
Strong verbal, written, and presentation skills
Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent

Nice to have: 

Experience with Typescript
Experience with React hooks
Micro frontend architecture
Experience with frontend unit test, end to end test libraries like Jest, React testing library etc.
Experience with CI/CD tools like Gitlab etc
Experience with Styled components

#li-remote#LI-SG1
*Perks & Benefits: *
*100% covered Medical/Dental/Vision for employee, 80% for dependents

Equity
Generous PTO policy
Flexible workplace policy
Team Offsites
Life Insurance
FSA
Paid Maternity/Paternity leave
Disability Insurance
Travel Assistance Program
24/7 Counseling Services offered to Employees
Access to personal and professional growth tools - Calm App & LinkedIn Learning

*DISQO is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery, innovation, and growth are possible when we open ourselves to new possibilities, perspectives, and approaches. That’s why, at DISQO, we welcome, support, and empower individuals from diverse backgrounds. Exceptional teams are rooted in extraordinary people, each with a unique story and a compelling set of skills. DISQO does not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.*
*Recruiting firms that submit resumes to DISQO without first entering into a written contract will not be entitled to any compensation on candidates referred by that firm.
Job Type: Full-time


About the job 




      Red Hat's Customer Identity and Access Management team is looking for a Software Engineer to join us. In this role, you will collaborate with a diverse and innovative team responsible for the key authentication, authorization, and user management service for Red Hat's open hybrid cloud platform and its surrounding integrations. You will work on the full-stack design, development, testing, and release of single sign-on (SSO) and related applications, with a focus on backend development. While we revamp this service for the next generation of Red Hat’s cloud offerings, you will closely collaborate with the Red Hat SSO team and contribute to the upstream Keycloak community. As a Software Engineer, you will contribute to the team's capabilities by demonstrating technical competence, exceptional communication skills, personal initiative, creativity, desire to learn, transparency, and ability to work as part of a team. Successful applicants must reside in a state where Red Hat is registered to do business.
     




What you will do 




Collaborate with your peers, design, develop, test, maintain, and operate primarily Java applications across large, multi-region deployments
 Contribute to the development of core features of the Red Hat SSO offering or related to the various types of integrations with other Red Hat’s offerings and backend systems
 Build custom plugins for Red Hat SSO while working with that project's open source community to grow the platform for our customers
 Implement and support the deployment of identity and access management solutions that integrate with protocols like OIDC 2.0 and SAML 2.0
 Analyze and clarify business requirements
 Contribute to application release processes with Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform, Puppet, and Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform
 Contribute to observability instrumentation and monitoring tools
 Participate in application support rotation




What you will bring 




3+ years of professional experience in Java or other object-oriented language
 Experience implementing integration design patterns, especially in microservices or event-driven architecture
 Excellent communication skills and ability to work within a distributed team
 Good understanding of core concepts related to application security
 Ability to quickly learn new domains and technologies
 Familiarity with modern token-based application security standards like OAuth2 and OpenID Connect
 Experience using MySQL, PostgreSQL, or Mongo
 Experience working with distributed source control like Git, including branching and merging
 Good understanding of continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) tools and processes
 Good understanding of DevOps principles and practices
 Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, engineering, or other closely related field
 Familiarity and experience with Keycloak project or the Red Hat SSO offering and core features is a big plus
 Knowledge of Kubernetes or Linux Containers is a plus


 #LI-REMOTE #LI-HK1





About Red Hat 




      Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver reliable and high-performing Linux, hybrid cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Red Hat helps customers integrate new and existing IT applications, develop cloud-native applications, standardize on our industry-leading operating system, and automate, secure, and manage complex environments. Award-winning support, training, and consulting services make Red Hat a trusted adviser to the Fortune 500. As a strategic partner to cloud providers, system integrators, application vendors, customers, and open source communities, Red Hat can help organizations prepare for the digital future.
     


 Benefits


 Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
 Flexible Spending Account - healthcare and dependent care
 Health Savings Account - high deductible medical plan
 Retirement 401(k) with employer match
 Paid time off and holidays
 Paid parental leave plans for all new parents
 Leave benefits including disability, paid family medical leave, and paid military leave
 Additional benefits including employee stock purchase plan, family planning reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, transportation expense account, employee assistance program, and more!


 Note: These benefits are only applicable to full time, permanent associates at Red Hat located in the United States.
     






C# Software Engineer (Remote Available, Full-Time, Part-Time and 1099 Considered)
Cleveland-based HR tech start-up looking for an experienced C# software engineer who wants to play a key role in helping to build the next generation talent recruiting platform.
Position Summary
We are currently looking for an experienced software engineer. This individual must come with a broad technical background, a bias for action, and the experience to know how to build enterprise quality solutions that scale. Because we are a small team, you’ll be working across the technology stack (front end, core and data).
This will be a remote position, with consideration given to candidates who could occasionally commute to the Cleveland headquarters.
Responsibilities

Design, author and refactor server side (C#, ASP.NET Core) and client-side code (React).
Developing REST APIs to support our core application.
Creating API documentation using contemporary mocking tools.
Writing tests – unit, integration and end-end automated tests.
Participating in code reviews.
Participating in Scrum rituals (stand-ups, demos, retrospectives and planning meetings).
Authoring and contributing to technical documents.
Participating in release packaging and deployments.
Leveraging your experience and creativity to advance our product and technology road map.

Qualifications
All candidates must be currently eligible to work in the U.S. Relocation is not available.

Minimum of 2 years hands-on experience developing Web applications and authoring server-side code (ideally ASP.NET Core).
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree, or its equivalent, in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a closely related field.
Experience building REST API-driven applications and designing Web services.
Maintains awareness of and follows industry best practices for security.
Strong understanding of contemporary data architectures & data-driven applications (PostgreSQL, MySQL).
Experience writing unit, integration and other tests.
Some experience with contemporary front-end languages such as Typescript, and frameworks including React or Angular.
Some PHP development experience a plus, ideally with the Laravel framework.
Ability to communicate intent of design choices to fellow developers, follow agreed upon coding conventions, and write robust and well-organized code.
Detail and quality oriented.
Understands the long-term value of writing good code, refactoring often and designing for scale.
Experience with source code management tools (Git) and concepts (branching, merging).
Has been part of a Scrum development team, with a strong preference for this methodology.
Works well within the development team and across departments.
Has a do-what-it-takes attitude, dedicated to delivering products that delight our clients.
Requires minimal travel (no more than 10%)

This is a hands-on position that requires creative and highly productive individuals. A good-fit candidate will enjoy both ideating design and executing development, have a desire to work across the stack (front end, core, data) and be detail-oriented and conscientious about the quality of code they deliver. They should possess the verbal and written communication skills to work effectively within the product development team as well as with other business units. The ideal candidate will have some understanding of talent/recruiting, HR technology and or the transportation industry but it is not required.
Drive My Way offers a comprehensive, competitive benefits package including paid-time-off, health insurance (medical, dental, vision), life & disability insurance and a 401k program.
If you have tenacity, a bias for action and achieving results, an innate curiosity to listen and learn, creative problem solving, a passion for teaching, and you thrive in an environment that is collaborative, fun and fast-paced, this role is for you! Put your passion, unwavering work ethic, can-do spirit and ‘never give up’ mentality to work in this role to drive our growth.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Pay: $5,800.00 - $7,800.00 per month
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Please describe your experience in writing and using automated testing for your projects.
Is your preference a full or part-time position? What would be your ideal hours per week (a range is ok) and what hours during the day would you typically be available (ET)?
What is your salary or hourly rate requirements for the position?

Experience:

MySQL / PostgreSQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Please apply here: https://app.dover.io/apply/benchling/972cbf6b-650d-420d-841a-e8c19bc76fa2?rs=55634680
Over the coming years, biotech will fundamentally rewrite the way we live. Gene editing and cell therapy are dramatically changing how we treat cancer and other major illnesses. Biofuels and biomaterials are transforming the cars we drive, the clothes we wear, and the makeup of everyday objects. Crop science and synthetic biology are producing sustainable and ethical food. Benchling’s mission is to accelerate the research that propels us towards this reality, and magnify its impact, through modern software.
Every day, scientists around the world use Benchling’s applications, platform, & analytics in their efforts to solve humanity’s most pressing problems. For these scientists, Benchling is the central technology they use to conduct their research. Our customers include pharmaceutical giants, leading biotechs, and the world’s most renowned research institutes.
ROLE OVERVIEW
Benchling brings best-in-breed data infrastructure to the world’s leading biotech companies. As an Infrastructure Engineer, you’ll build the processes and underlying systems that power Benchling’s platform and applications. Ultimately, your work will be reflected in the agility, performance, reliability, and security of the Benchling platform.
Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) at Benchling is also part of the Infrastructure team. We empower engineers on other teams by making their work easier. As the Benchling engineering team triples in size, we’ll invest in our service architecture, monitoring. tooling, and site reliability processes so we can build the next generation of our product. Our users are generating more kinds of data at an increasing rate and they’re collaborating globally with each other, so our infrastructure needs to grow alongside them. In addition, the data our customers entrust us with is key to their businesses, so our platform needs to be highly reliable and trusted.
As a platform, Benchling is also a developer-facing product where we enable new forms of automation and integration in the life science space. Your work will be used more directly here - Benchling infrastructure extends or replaces our customers’ infrastructure to store/process data. You may build systems that form a data pipeline for experimental results, an event queue to trigger customer integrations, or a compute platform to deploy and scale custom analysis.
We are looking for strong engineers with 5+ years of experience to join as a member of the larger Platform team and work alongside other infrastructure-focused peers. You’ll collaborate with former Stripe, Google, and Facebook engineers to build a highly reliable, yet rapidly-evolving, backbone of our platform.
If you are to graduate with your Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in class of 2021-2022, please consider applying to our Software Engineer, New Graduate position here.
WHAT YOU MIGHT WORK ON

Design, build, and maintain core infrastructure hosted on AWS
Build developer-facing systems to test, build, and deploy Benchling’s software
Define and implement our infrastructural security posture
Develop monitoring/observability and automation as part of a lean operations function
Define and lead processes for site reliability that will be used across Engineering and Customer Experience
These are examples of projects we’ve worked on in the past or may work on in the near future - our projects are often changing, but this will hopefully give you an idea of the work to be done.
Iterating on our tenancy model and architecture to build out resource isolation, data segmentation, and deployment models as we scale our customer base.
Building a test and deploy pipeline on Buildkite - we have a large test suite and a large number of Benchling instances and need tools to deploy faster while maintaining the same degree of reliability.
Improving network performance for global users - this is an open-ended problem which needs to be solved as our user base becomes increasingly international.
Observability - mature our monitoring, tracing, and alerting systems so we have the right dashboards, notifications, and tools to quickly identify and resolve operational issues.
Automating remediation of fault conditions to improve overall reliability and eliminate repetitive operational tasks.
Building tooling and infrastructure for a more modular/service-based architecture - we’re not religious about microservices or monoliths, but we plan to scale our architecture with our engineering team.

ABOUT YOU

5+ more years of experience as a DevOps engineer, Site Reliability engineer, or Software Engineer building platform infrastructure.
Have experience with deployment and configuration management frameworks such as Terraform, Ansible, or Chef; with CI/CD systems such as BuildKite or Jenkins; and with containers and container management systems such as Kubernetes or Amazon ECS.
Understand cloud computing, virtualization, and microservices architectures. Experience with major cloud platforms, especially AWS, is a plus.
Write clear, well-tested code in Python, Java, Go, or Ruby.
Have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field.

LEADERSHIP PRINCIPLES

Admit mistakes and shortcomings
Deliver results
Disagree and commit
Obsess over customers
Rely on work ethic
Show empathy
Recruit and develop the best
Sweat the details
Think and communicate clearly
Unite around the mission

PERKS AND BENEFITS

Work with a talented yet humble team
Competitive compensation & equity package
Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats
401k, Medical, dental, and vision insurance (US Employees Only)
Monthly health & wellness stipend
Yearly educational stipend
Flexible & Generous Vacation Policy: If you feel you need a break, you can talk directly with your manager to find coverage and support while you are out of the office. Need time off to vote? We’ve got you covered.
Quarterly company-wide mental health days off
Holiday Shut-down: company-wide holiday shut-down between Christmas Eve and New Years
Major US and EMEA holidays observed
To support remote work conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000(USD) upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment.

In following best practices and safety protocols, all Benchling employees are expected to work remotely until we are further advised that it is safe for employees to resume work in their respective office locations.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law, including but not limited to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $220,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Please apply here:

https://app.dover.io/apply/benchling/972cbf6b-650d-420d-841a-e8c19bc76fa2?rs=55634680
Work Location: Remote

ManhattanLife was founded in 1850, the Company’s longevity makes it one of the oldest and most reliable health and life insurance companies in the country. Operating successfully for 172 years is a testimony to ManhattanLife’s enduring history, and an indicator of the reliability of our future. ManhattanLife’s headquarters are in Houston, TX and the company is continually growing with multiple office locations nation-wide. ManhattanLife offers attractive employee benefits starting day one, including immediate coverage under our health, dental and vision plans. We offer flexible schedules, including shortened hours on Fridays, free parking, company-wide events, and professional development and wellness programs.
Scope and Purpose: 
We are seeking an individual that has an aptitude for Software programming or has prior programming skills on FIMMAS platform. The ideal candidate will work closely with business analysts and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of systems analysis, design, development, and quality assurance and integration.
Duties and Responsibilities: 

Code and test programming for FIMMAS
Balance workday between multiple projects and respond immediately to tech support requests from staff
Report issues and concerns immediately to IT manager
Troubleshoot system bugs and issues
Create, modify, and test the code, forms, & script that allow computer applications to run
Write computer programs to store, locate, & retrieve specific documents, data, & information
Update & maintain computer programs & software packages
Work with Operations for reporting requirements
Create and maintain documentation of technical specifications
Design and create reports and enhancements to the FIMMAS system
Assisting with analysis and mitigation of FIMMAS issues

Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, IT or related field of study with 5 years’ experience with MS SQL.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

5 years’ experience with MS SQL
Current technical knowledge of Information Technology, focusing on application development and support
Skill in use of MS Office applications
Ability to utilize critical thinking skills for problem solving
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
FIMMAS and Voluntary benefits knowledge is a plus Professional Development
Establish annual objectives for professional growth.
Keep pace with developments in the discipline.
Learn and apply technologies that support professional and personal growth.
Participate in the evaluation process.

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, type, and use mouse; reach with hands and arms and talk and/or hear. The employee is required to sit for extended periods of time.
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works in an office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones via WebEx, physical phone while in office, and photocopiers when necessary.
Travel Requirements 
This position does not require travel.
Other Duties
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to the job at any time without notice.
AAP/EEO Statement
ManhattanLife prohibits discrimination based on race, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. EOE Employer/Vet/Disabled
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft SQL Server: 5 years (Preferred)
FIMMAS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Software Engineer/Programmer Software Engineer/Programmer Position
Overview: 
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation systems ranging from small deployments of a couple systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading-edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Deep/Machine Learning, 3) Big Data, and 4) Cloud Computing.
Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Engineer/Programmer with desired experience in High-Performance Computing (HPC), Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs) to join our team.
The software engineer/programmer is expected to work in a project team, take a lead role to design and develop major functional units, and perform continuous unit level and system level debugging and testing for commercial products with novel features. This position will maintain technical documents, bug-tracking systems, and manuals.
Technical expertise required: 

Strong experience in Linux
C programming
Network programming, such as TCP/IP and low-level networking stacks
Experience on HPC technologies and platforms

The ideal candidate will have: 

Knowledge of HPC, MPI standard, multi-core processors, GPUs/accelerators, and high-performance networking.
Knowledge of InfiniBand, High Speed Ethernet, Omni-Path, or similar high-performance networking technologies.
Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc.) for producing and maintaining high quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

This is a full-time position, though part-time candidates will be considered. Flexible schedule and remote position. Healthcare, retirement and PTO package provided. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $162,636.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Message Passage Interface (MPI): 1 year (Required)
High Performance Computing Technologies & Plaforms: 1 year (Required)
C programming: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Remote Front End Engineer - Remote 
  
   We have been in business for 45 yrs! Our portfolio consists of 12,000 global brands & 1,750 global retailers & distributors. We are widely profitable and make 3-4 acquisitions a year! We have 30% year over year growth.
   
 Despite our rapid growth, we have kept a people first & employee first culture. In fact, our Engineering organization is led by an industry leader who has had ZERO attrition. We did not lay off ONE PERSON in 2020 or 2021 and we paid bonuses to our staff before our executives got any! We are a fast paced environment and looking for people who want to scale, build long term careers and RETIRE with us!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop/enhance front-end user interface
Be a part of a larger development team, interface with Product,, DevOps, QA and Project teams
Understand requirements/code/test high-quality web apps
Take wireframes from conception-to-implementation
Use Agile/Kanban methodologies for SDLC
Maintain work backlog through JIRA
Collaborate with team members across locations and time zones

 What You Need for this Position

Angular
JavaScript
CSS
HTML/XHTML
JSON

 What's In It for You

16 Days PTO + 3 Floating Days + 7 other holidays! Your PTO rolls into the next calendar year, too! We also have 2 volunteer days per year!
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, Adoption Leave: 4 weeks for primary caregiver)
Tuition reimbursement $3,000 per year max, $5,000 lifetime max eligibility requirements include 1 year of employment with us before enrollment 
Financial Wellness programs (fully funded by us) through SmartDollar 
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance available 
Employee referral bonuses 
Identity Theft Protection (premium dependent on options selected)


    So, if you are a strong Front End Engineer with experience in Angular, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Job description: 

Execute full software development life cycle (SDLC)
Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions
Well versed with OOPS, JavaScript, Networking, CSS, HTML, Databases,web services
Write well-designed, testable code
Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Comply with project plans and industry standards
Ensure software is updated with latest features

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Salary: $120,000 - 170,000/year
Job Description: The ideal candidate will have a solid computer science background and good experience with Go. The primary focus will be on real-time automated analytics on massive amounts of data in a small team inside the Data Office team. The team processes huge amounts of data in near real time where speed and accuracy are key.
Daily Responsibilities

Using programming language and technology, writes code, completes programming and documentation, and performs unit testing and debugging of applications.
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, or Internet related computer programs.
Attends daily stand up meetings to stay in touch with what everyone is working on and share progress notes.
Use software development best practices to write code that is maintainable, testable and efficient
Translates requirements into detailed design specifications.
Write code Golang programming
Track, organize, and accurately document changes made to programming code.
Support and troubleshoot issues, identify root cause, and proactively implement sustainable solutions
Lead evaluation and analysis of data related to application development in order improve performance of future versions.

Required Experience

5+ Years’ experience in a software development role
3+ years proven project experience coding with Golang programming in a Linux environment
Strong knowledge of Computer Algorithms and Advanced Data Structures, Statistical Data Processing, Memory Management, and Algorithm concepts
Work efficiently with version control like GIT/GITHUB
Experience developing and maintaining unit/functional tests

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, available and accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.  Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.  Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are.  Check out our locations, benefits and more at cash.app/careers.



  Job Description
   Cash App is the fastest growing financial brand in the world. We've held the #1 spot in finance on the App Store for more than three years. Built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic money app that includes Banking, Stock & Bitcoin Investing, Lending, Tax Filing, and more with over 44 million active monthly users (as of Dec 2021). Cash app leads financial innovation, and continuing in that tradition we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem. As a member of the founding team, the ideal person will play a lead in creating the technical requirements, implementing new systems, and integrating proof-of-concept technology into Cash App.
 You will:

 Play a role in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design, build and own projects at scale
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 5 or more years of software development or equivalent experience
 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Taken technical initiative on previous projects

 Tools we use and teach:

 Java, Kotlin
 AWS, GCP
 HTTP, JSON, gRPC, Protocol Buffers
 OkHttp, Jetty, JUnit, Guice
 Hibernate, MySQL, DynamoDB
 Kafka, events, microservices
 DataDog, Prometheus, SignalFx

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Come join Under Armour as a Sr. Software Engineer - Backend and create software to power the future of connected fitness. We’re serious about individual growth and athlete achievement, and we’d like you to join us to build real products that will help millions of people improve their lives through better health & fitness. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross-functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Want to make a real-world impact
Are ready to take ownership and responsibility for your work
Are interested in growing as both an engineer and a teammate
Execute full lifecycle software development
Lead and design features, incorporating technology throughout the stack
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Communicates clearly to technical and non-technical teammates
Assist in troubleshooting and production support
Maintains up to date best practices and standards
Have a solid understanding of both computer science fundamentals and what it takes to build internet-scale applications. You likely have a degree in Computer Science or similar field, or equivalent real-world experience.

Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Knowledge of design patterns and software engineering best practices
Have experience working at scale utilizing microservices architectures
Experience with Java and Spring Boot
High volume Message Queues such as Kafka
Familiarity with AWS and/or other cloud computing platforms
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker

Education And / Or Experience
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker
BS in CS or 5-7 years of comparable experience
Familiarity with cutting-edge open-source libraries and experience contributing to projects of personal interest a plus

Other Requirements
Possible travel to regional offices, conferences, and training
Return to Office Designation: Fully Remote

Relocation
No relocation provided
#LI-REMOTE
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.
Paramount Global (NASDAQ: PARA, PARAA) is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic studios, networks and streaming services, Paramount's portfolio of consumer brands includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+, Pluto TV and Simon & Schuster, among others. Paramount delivers the largest share of the U.S. television audience and boasts one of the industry's most important and extensive libraries of TV and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, the company provides powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions. 
 
 Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from ViacomCBS, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream ViacomCBS Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage. 
 

Description:
 The Applied Machine Learning Group within Paramount Global Streaming’s Advanced Technologies division focuses on deploying machine learning techniques to improve products. 
 

Role Details:
 As a Frontend Engineer - Content Platform on the Applied Machine Learning Group, you’ll play a key role in the design and development of UI tools that enrich our critical data for ML models, and provide our clients insights into our vast data collections. Location is open for remote work. 
 

Your Day-to-Day:
 Collaborate with UX Designer, product manager, and technical leads to produce outstanding technical solutions 
 Implement designs, build front ends from API output, and work with the backend team to formalize the API contract 
 Design and implement reusable frontend components that can be leveraged across applications 
 Participate in design and code reviews 
 Triage and fix reported bugs 
 Communicate estimates, schedules, issues and dependencies to technical or project lead 
 Communicate often with other remote colleagues on our distributed team. Raise issues and blockers and follow through as needed 
 Become an expert on our core frontend systems 
 Participate in scheduled production releases 
 

Key Projects:
 Originate new feature solutions for our transactional web UI tools that encompass a broad scope of functionality including metadata editing and tracking, video splicing, recommendations integration and advanced searching capabilities 
 Refactor existing UI products to improve maintainability, developing reusable components 
 

Qualifications:
 BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience 
 Proven foundation and programming experience in React and Javascript 
 Hands on experience with HTML/CSS 
 A desire to understand and identify workflow use cases and translate them to intuitive front ends that engage the user, providing important feedback, and appropriately handling error conditions through defensive programming 
 Excellent problem solving, collaboration and interpersonal skills, both verbal and written 
 Practiced in writing frontend tests 
 Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software 
 Knowledge of frontend build tools including npm and WebPack 
 Willingness to evaluate and critique workflows and UIs to ensure we’re putting forth the best solutions to complex problems 
 Nice to have – 
 Experience with mock data libraries such as Mirage 
 Experience with Kubernetes 
 Experience with version control systems (Git and Bitbucket) 
 Experience using Cloud Platforms such as GCP 
 dfdfdfd 
 Paramount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet. 
 
 At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status. 
 
 If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 
 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacom.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.



Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience in software development
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building frontend and backend applications.
 Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures & algorithms, problem solving, and complexity analysis.
 Knowledge and programming experience, of at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++ or Java.




  Job summary
   Do you enjoy solving complex problems with simple solutions? Would you like to help us innovate on behalf of Amazon’s Digital and Device customers? Device, Digital and Alexa Support (D2AS) technology organization is seeking an experienced software development 
   engineer to join the engineering team. The D2AS vision is to create innovative support experiences for customers of Amazon’s devices and digital products, through intelligent self-service solutions and enabling our tech-support organization with tools and technology. 
  
 In this role you will have the opportunity to help define the experience for Amazon Customer Support Associates in the digital and device space. This includes internal tools for monitoring, alarming, and reacting to emergent events in the network as well as agent facing web applications that provide diagnostic and troubleshooting capabilities for all Amazon devices.
  
 As a software development engineer, you will:
  

 Solve difficult engineering problems with elegant and practical code.
 Help define engineering best practices and providing technical mentorship to other members of the engineering team.
 Be a champion for the customer and ensuring their needs always come first.
 Design and build software for mobile, front end clients and server systems.



 You're an awesome fit if you demonstrate:
  

 Industry-leading technical abilities showcasing a breadth and depth of technical knowledge
 The ability to build good working relationships within the team by communicating clearly both verbally and in writing
 Strong problem solving and trouble shooting skills with the ability to come up with creative solutions to seemingly impossible engineering problems



 We use agile development strategies and want software engineering leaders who can thrive in a fast paced, high-energy work environment.
 



Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building large scale full stack software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

Software Engineer/Programmer Software Engineer/Programmer Position
Overview: 
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation systems ranging from small deployments of a couple systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading-edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Deep/Machine Learning, 3) Big Data, and 4) Cloud Computing.
Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Engineer/Programmer with desired experience in High-Performance Computing (HPC), Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs) to join our team.
The software engineer/programmer is expected to work in a project team, take a lead role to design and develop major functional units, and perform continuous unit level and system level debugging and testing for commercial products with novel features. This position will maintain technical documents, bug-tracking systems, and manuals.
Technical expertise required: 

Strong experience in Linux
C programming
Network programming, such as TCP/IP and low-level networking stacks
Experience on HPC technologies and platforms

The ideal candidate will have: 

Knowledge of HPC, MPI standard, multi-core processors, GPUs/accelerators, and high-performance networking.
Knowledge of InfiniBand, High Speed Ethernet, Omni-Path, or similar high-performance networking technologies.
Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc.) for producing and maintaining high quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

This is a full-time position, though part-time candidates will be considered. Flexible schedule and remote position. Healthcare, retirement and PTO package provided. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $162,636.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Message Passage Interface (MPI): 1 year (Required)
High Performance Computing Technologies & Plaforms: 1 year (Required)
C programming: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Remote Front End Engineer - Remote 
  
   We have been in business for 45 yrs! Our portfolio consists of 12,000 global brands & 1,750 global retailers & distributors. We are widely profitable and make 3-4 acquisitions a year! We have 30% year over year growth.
   
 Despite our rapid growth, we have kept a people first & employee first culture. In fact, our Engineering organization is led by an industry leader who has had ZERO attrition. We did not lay off ONE PERSON in 2020 or 2021 and we paid bonuses to our staff before our executives got any! We are a fast paced environment and looking for people who want to scale, build long term careers and RETIRE with us!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop/enhance front-end user interface
Be a part of a larger development team, interface with Product,, DevOps, QA and Project teams
Understand requirements/code/test high-quality web apps
Take wireframes from conception-to-implementation
Use Agile/Kanban methodologies for SDLC
Maintain work backlog through JIRA
Collaborate with team members across locations and time zones

 What You Need for this Position

Angular
JavaScript
CSS
HTML/XHTML
JSON

 What's In It for You

16 Days PTO + 3 Floating Days + 7 other holidays! Your PTO rolls into the next calendar year, too! We also have 2 volunteer days per year!
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, Adoption Leave: 4 weeks for primary caregiver)
Tuition reimbursement $3,000 per year max, $5,000 lifetime max eligibility requirements include 1 year of employment with us before enrollment 
Financial Wellness programs (fully funded by us) through SmartDollar 
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance available 
Employee referral bonuses 
Identity Theft Protection (premium dependent on options selected)


    So, if you are a strong Front End Engineer with experience in Angular, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Job description: 

Execute full software development life cycle (SDLC)
Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions
Well versed with OOPS, JavaScript, Networking, CSS, HTML, Databases,web services
Write well-designed, testable code
Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Comply with project plans and industry standards
Ensure software is updated with latest features

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, available and accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.  Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.  Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are.  Check out our locations, benefits and more at cash.app/careers.



  Job Description
   Cash App is the fastest growing financial brand in the world. We've held the #1 spot in finance on the App Store for more than three years. Built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic money app that includes Banking, Stock & Bitcoin Investing, Lending, Tax Filing, and more with over 44 million active monthly users (as of Dec 2021). Cash app leads financial innovation, and continuing in that tradition we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem. As a member of the founding team, the ideal person will play a lead in creating the technical requirements, implementing new systems, and integrating proof-of-concept technology into Cash App.
 You will:

 Play a role in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design, build and own projects at scale
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 5 or more years of software development or equivalent experience
 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Taken technical initiative on previous projects

 Tools we use and teach:

 Java, Kotlin
 AWS, GCP
 HTTP, JSON, gRPC, Protocol Buffers
 OkHttp, Jetty, JUnit, Guice
 Hibernate, MySQL, DynamoDB
 Kafka, events, microservices
 DataDog, Prometheus, SignalFx

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Come join Under Armour as a Sr. Software Engineer - Backend and create software to power the future of connected fitness. We’re serious about individual growth and athlete achievement, and we’d like you to join us to build real products that will help millions of people improve their lives through better health & fitness. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross-functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Want to make a real-world impact
Are ready to take ownership and responsibility for your work
Are interested in growing as both an engineer and a teammate
Execute full lifecycle software development
Lead and design features, incorporating technology throughout the stack
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Communicates clearly to technical and non-technical teammates
Assist in troubleshooting and production support
Maintains up to date best practices and standards
Have a solid understanding of both computer science fundamentals and what it takes to build internet-scale applications. You likely have a degree in Computer Science or similar field, or equivalent real-world experience.

Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Knowledge of design patterns and software engineering best practices
Have experience working at scale utilizing microservices architectures
Experience with Java and Spring Boot
High volume Message Queues such as Kafka
Familiarity with AWS and/or other cloud computing platforms
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker

Education And / Or Experience
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker
BS in CS or 5-7 years of comparable experience
Familiarity with cutting-edge open-source libraries and experience contributing to projects of personal interest a plus

Other Requirements
Possible travel to regional offices, conferences, and training
Return to Office Designation: Fully Remote

Relocation
No relocation provided
#LI-REMOTE
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.


Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience in software development
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building frontend and backend applications.
 Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures & algorithms, problem solving, and complexity analysis.
 Knowledge and programming experience, of at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++ or Java.




  Job summary
   Do you enjoy solving complex problems with simple solutions? Would you like to help us innovate on behalf of Amazon’s Digital and Device customers? Device, Digital and Alexa Support (D2AS) technology organization is seeking an experienced software development 
   engineer to join the engineering team. The D2AS vision is to create innovative support experiences for customers of Amazon’s devices and digital products, through intelligent self-service solutions and enabling our tech-support organization with tools and technology. 
  
 In this role you will have the opportunity to help define the experience for Amazon Customer Support Associates in the digital and device space. This includes internal tools for monitoring, alarming, and reacting to emergent events in the network as well as agent facing web applications that provide diagnostic and troubleshooting capabilities for all Amazon devices.
  
 As a software development engineer, you will:
  

 Solve difficult engineering problems with elegant and practical code.
 Help define engineering best practices and providing technical mentorship to other members of the engineering team.
 Be a champion for the customer and ensuring their needs always come first.
 Design and build software for mobile, front end clients and server systems.



 You're an awesome fit if you demonstrate:
  

 Industry-leading technical abilities showcasing a breadth and depth of technical knowledge
 The ability to build good working relationships within the team by communicating clearly both verbally and in writing
 Strong problem solving and trouble shooting skills with the ability to come up with creative solutions to seemingly impossible engineering problems



 We use agile development strategies and want software engineering leaders who can thrive in a fast paced, high-energy work environment.
 



Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building large scale full stack software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 


  Facebook is seeking talented full-stack Software Engineers who are interested in an opportunity to join our one-year Rotational Engineering Program, consisting of two rotations, helping us build applications & systems that will scale the company and make the world more open and connected. The Program is designed to offer experienced engineers a one-year rotation through different Facebook engineering departments to develop engineering skills and gain meaningful experiences for the rest of their career. At the end of each term, successful participants will be invited to apply for a full-time position at the company. Facebook is committed to increasing the diversity of representation among our Computer Scientists and Software Engineers. We build products to connect the world, and this means we need teams that understand and reflect a broad range of experiences, backgrounds, identities, abilities and many other characteristics. The Rotational Engineering Program is open to all qualified candidates. We strongly encourage candidates who are members of historically underrepresented groups and have non-traditional career paths to apply, including, but not limited to candidates from non-tech industries, candidates without traditional Computer Science degrees and/or who are self-taught, candidates starting second careers, re-entering the workforce, and those who have attended bootcamp-style programming courses.
  


Rotational Software Engineer Responsibilities:  

Full-stack product, systems, and mobile development with a variety of languages such as C++, Java, PHP, JavaScript, Kotlin, Objective-C, Swift, etc.
 Work closely with product management and UX design teams to define and refine research specifications
 Design and develop front-end interfaces, underlying APIs, and backend systems across a number of programming languages with focus on JavaScript, React and PHP (Hack)
 Develop a strong understanding of relevant product area, codebase, and/or system
 Master Facebook's development standards from developing to releasing code in order to take on tasks and projects with increasing levels of complexity
 Communication skills: consistently seek out and give feedback




Minimum Qualifications: 

 2+ years experience building software solutions in a corporate or start-up engineering environment, or equivalent, using an industry-standard language (e.g. JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, C++ and/or Java)
 Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment




Preferred Qualifications: 

 Bachelors degree in Computer Science/Math/Engineering, or equivalent educational experience





 Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
 




Make Work Better Every Day




     Quantum Workplace, an HR technology provider, equips workplaces with the smartest talent solutions so that they can grow and succeed. We pioneered some of the earliest employee engagement and performance software and have since partnered with thousands of organizations to drive employee, team, and business success.
   



     We’re in the business of creating awesome work environments—and are committed to being one also. We are smart people who care deeply about what we do. We work hard but laugh harder. We wear casual clothes, work flexible hours, and get stuff done. You’ll love it here.
   


 What’s the opportunity?


     We are searching for Full Stack Software Engineers to join our team in Omaha. You enjoy being surrounded by talented engineers to learn and challenge each other.
   



     You believe engineers should be involved much earlier in the process than when it's time to code (although that is pretty fun). You’d prefer to sit in on customer interviews, design sprints, early non-dev prototypes, and throw on some noise cancelling headphones when it's time to build. You strive to build beautiful, usable software, and if you aren't the type to wear your beret hat you are encouraged to work with the product designer who is a full-time resource for your team.
   



     We use our own flavor of agile processes to get things done. We use Git and an automated CI setup for builds and Octopus for shipping code to testing environments and to production. We review each other’s pull requests. We believe in automation over repetition and aim to make our code and infrastructure more scalable.
   



Responsibilities 

Write awesome code Work with large, complex datasets Collaborate with product team to bring prototypes to production





Qualifications

 1+ years of professional experience building software Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship We're not interested in a checklist of experiences, but here is a list of things we use: .NET, C#, Flutter, Dart, SQL Server, Redis, Hangfire, Azure, IdentityServer, Sass, and probably a few more things. Bottom line: you need to be stellar. If you are grouchy, too political, or don’t admit mistakes, you will hate it here.





Why Quantum Workplace?



 Health Insurance: We offer 3 options (1 option is 100% premium paid by QW for employees) + Telehealth
Dental & Vision: We cover 100% of premiums for employees
401k: We match 100% of contributions up to 4% and you're fully vested on Day 1
Adoption + Fertility assistance
Employee-led Diversity Council works to create a more diverse and inclusive workplace
Zoo memberships
Summer hours and flexible work schedule
Remote and hybrid work options
No dress code - wear what makes you feel confident - BE YOU!
Monthly manager-employee lunches for goal planning and development
Paid time off including holidays, your birthday, and volunteer time off
We work hard but we have fun too - ping pong breaks increase productivity!



 At Quantum Workplace, we are an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds and skills. Please apply, regardless if you think you meet every bullet. We want to hear from you.
    




    Applicants with disabilities may contact the Quantum Workplace Employee Success Team via telephone, fax, e-mail, and other means to request and arrange for accommodations. If you need assistance to accommodate a disability, you may request an accommodation at any time. Please contact the Employee Success team at careers@quantumworkplace.com or 
    402-415-8302.
   


 Go back to our job listings page.
   



Cricket Health is looking to add a Software Engineer to help scale our applications for improving the outcomes of patients with kidney disease. Your typical week would include writing code, writing tests, looking at others’ code and helping them make it better, deploying to production, designing future software, and communicating with other colleagues about all of the above. Solid, readable, well-tested code is more important to us than the quickest thing you can deploy to production (though we like to move fast, too). We use well-known technologies such as Javascript, Node, and React. We’re in this for the long-haul, so we also reflect back on how we can improve our processes and get better for the next time. Most importantly, you get to be the connection between software that serves the needs of your colleagues, and helping our patients live their best lives.
Required Qualifications

2+ years of experience building production web applications
Clear communication, both in writing and in conversation
Love building things that solve the problems of real people
Team player, enjoy helping others around you be successful
Experience with test first development
Believe in shipping early and often
Have a passion for making a meaningful impact on the health of our patients by meeting them where they are
Willing and legally able to work in the United States

Ideal Qualifications

Familiarity with the healthcare system and how health systems operate, especially in a value-based setting
Familiarity working with PHI in a HIPAA-compliant environment
Experience in ES6 and React
A passion for blending the best of what technology can do with what humans are best at

Benefits

Competitive salary and vacation
Generous health, dental, vision and parental leave policies
Contributions for 401k retirement savings plans
Commitment to building and maintaining an inclusive team

Cricket Health is a comprehensive kidney care provider with a personalized, evidence-based approach to managing chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Cricket Health delivers world-class, technology-enabled multidisciplinary care both in-person and virtually to achieve the best outcomes possible for patients and the best value for partners, keeping patients healthy and out of the hospital, accelerating access to transplant, and increasing home dialysis adoption. We are committed to aligning the success of our company with those of our partners and the patients whom we serve. Learn more at www.crickethealth.com and follow us @crickethealth.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


The Position:
 Do you dream about creating a more sustainable future? At Uplight, we are motivating energy users and providers to accelerate the clean energy ecosystem. We’re working with over 90 of the world’s leading electric and gas utilities to provide a personalized end-to-end customer energy experience that helps meet and accelerate carbon reduction goals. We are a certified B Corp, enabling us to put our values into action by not only making decisions for the benefit of our shareholders, but also for our customers, environment, employees, and community.
 We are seeking a Software Engineering Manager to join our team and help us achieve our ambitious goals for our business and for the planet.
 We will consider this role for continued remote work with some work/travel to our offices in Denver, Boulder, Boston, Chicago or Vancouver.
 What you get to do:
 We are searching for a disciplined Software Engineering Manager who is passionate about changing the way millions of people save energy. You’ll work within the Engineering Squad to build and improve our engineering teams to deliver flexible and creative solutions to our utility partners and end users. You’ll be a part of mentoring, coaching, and sponsoring a talented and passionate set of developers who work to deliver a compelling experience to users across our platforms. And you’ll work with a great team of peers with excellent benefits.
 You should:

 Be excited to work with talented, committed people in a fast-paced environment.
 Be passionate about energy consumption and making a difference in the world.
 Love managing teams - some of your proudest moments involve 1:1s and championing the growth of others.
 Be capable of prioritizing your work to adhere to a deliverable schedule and ensure successful delivery that exceeds expectations.
 Be ready, able, and willing to jump onto a call with a partner or customer to help solve problems.
 Have strong empathy and employ resilient management techniques.
 Not be afraid to dig into hard problems, and enjoy giving feedback and reflections to your direct reports.

 What you bring to Uplight:

 You are an experienced Engineering Manager - you ideally have 3-7 years of professional experience.
 An ability to mentor, coach, and sponsor your direct reports; an ability to shift between these management modes.
 Prioritizes psychological safety; your team achieves a healthy level of engagement.
 A commitment to curiosity over a commitment to being right.
 The ability to balance achieving business goals with sustainable development practices.
 You are able to weigh several and often conflicting constraints and make rapid decisions in a fast-moving and quickly-growing company.
 An ability to develop relationships across the organization in support of efficient delivery of work.
 The ability to manage up, down, and across a set of smart, passionate professionals.
 You possess exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
 You are highly organized. With many people doing many things in a fast-moving company, strong organizational skills—both for yourself and for the team—will be required.
 Committed to high quality and high value results, negotiates what’s best for Uplight.

 Bonus Points:

 Experience with growing teams and managing through change.
 Familiarity with resilient management techniques and conscious leadership.
 Solid experience with a growth stage software company.
 Excellent presence and public speaking skills.
 Experience using Objectives and Key Results to drive focus on the most important work.
 A desire to teach and facilitate continued learning amongst your management peer group.

 What Makes Working at Uplight Amazing:
 In addition to all the standard medical and dental benefits, that kick in Day 1, we are:

 Proud to be over 500+ purpose-driven individuals helping to create a more sustainable planet.
 Committed to the environment, our employees, and our communities.
 Focused on career growth by following defined career ladders.
 Committed to taking our work and mission seriously and….we love to laugh!

 We also provide:

 401k Match
 Medical, vision, and dental insurance
 Monthly wellness stipend
 Peer to peer recognition program
 Management by objectives bonus plan
 Innovative flexible time off
 Exceptionally collaborative and cool office spaces (once we reopen them)

 Salary Range: $150,000 to $180,000
 In accordance with the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, the approximate annual base compensation range is listed above. The actual offer, reflecting the total compensation package and benefits, will be determined by a number of factors including the applicant's experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity.
 Uplight provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race (including hair texture and hairstyles), color, religion (including head coverings), age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws


A self-funded, profitable fin-tech start-up is looking to bring on a Senior Developer/Back-end Architect to create the future of investment management and trading software. This is a fully remote position offering up to $175K for the right candidate.
About you:
· BA or BS in Computer Science or related fields
· 2-5 years development experience
· 2+ years of experience in C#.NET (or Java/Scala), SQL
· Nice to have: 3 years of experience within the financial domain, with extensive exposure to the FIX protocol
About them:
· Small, agile team of self-starters
· Clients consist of some of the largest investment managers and hedge funds
· Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision), Retirement Plan, Paid Time Off, Life Insurance
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $175,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Position Responsibilities

Analyzes business needs and develops plans to implement software requirements in conjunction with business analysts and architects.
Reviews and develops solutions for cloud-based technology requirements; assesses solutions (build in house vs buy) and develops reports for senior leadership.
Liaises with business analysts, may present at client meetings to gather and understand client requirements, may present technical point of view.
Demonstrates strong working knowledge and understanding of customers business to provide quality technical feedback and influence technological and development plans. Leads the development and enhancement of enterprise wide client applications in support of the Digital organization's objectives.
Acts as agile software development subject matter expert, leads and guides team members on development practices in agile environments; collaborates with scrum masters and guides to move projects forward.
Collaborates with various stakeholders to test new and modified application solutions utilizing test driven development when possible;
Understands methods and technologies for load and performance testing of APIs.
Works closely with domain, and enterprise architects to gather perspective on emerging and/or existing technologies related to API development and management;
Contributes to referential documentation related to API development standards and best practices.
Advanced knowledge and proficiency with the following technologies (as relevant): Programming Languages, Operating Systems, Database Management, Middleware, Configuration Management Technologies, Container Technologies, Agile Environments, Mobile Applications.
Bachelor's degree required, preferably in engineering, mathematics, computer science, or business. 5-7 years of relevant experience.

Education 

Bachelor's Degree required; preferably in engineering, mathematics, computer science, or business
5 - 7 years of relevant work experience

Knowledge & Skills

Object Oriented Programming - Core, .Net, C#
API Development experience
Deploy application via modern CI / CD pipelines

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $65.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

Day shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

.NET Core: 1 year (Required)
C#: 1 year (Required)
API development: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

This position will be REMOTE however must sit in: 
North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Michigan
Day to Day: 
Insight Global is looking for a client engineer for one of our major healthcare clients. This individual will be responsible for assisting with new operating system development, package development and package deployment. This person will be responsible for maintaining the architecture, maintenance, configuration and integrity of the End User Computing environments including desktops, printers, laptops, and mobile devices. This person will work with IT personnel, vendors, consultants, and customers for implementation of new or revised functions. They will assist with researching industry trends and developments and how to incorporate them into the organization. They will help to coordinate with third party vendors for maintenance to existing environments and planning for additional capacity and upgrades. This role will sit fully remote.
Must Haves: 

1+ years of experience with End User Computing
1+ year of experience with SCCM/Microsoft End Point
Experience with End Point Management
Experience with Device Management

Plusses: 

Scripting experience
Experience with Virtual Desktop
Experience with Active Directory

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

How many years of End User Computing experience do you have?

Experience:

SCCM / Microsoft End Point: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware for High-Performance Computing (HPC), AI, and Cloud?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Test Engineer to join the product development team focusing on HPC, Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs).
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation HPC and cloud systems ranging from small deployments of a couple of systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Big Data, 3) Deep Learning, and 4) Cloud Computing.
As a software test engineer, you will work with the product development teams. You are expected to understand the product functions, specific features, and requirements; perform systematic and comprehensive testing on HPC systems and cloud to identify potential functionality and performance issues; and take care of suitable improvements, performance tuning and optimizations. Ultimately, you will be responsible to ensure that the final products meet the quality and performance standards.
Technical expertise required:

Strong skills in the use of Linux and its software development tools
C programming
Bash or equivalent script programming (including Python)

The ideal candidate will have:

Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc. and the CI/CD process) for producing and maintaining high-quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work independently in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

Flexible schedule. Remote candidates will be considered. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,478.00 - $144,586.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

c programming: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Note- This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
Under Armour is seeking a full stack Software Engineering Lead to help architect and build fast, frictionless experiences across the globe as part of our growing Ecommerce Engineering team. The Software Engineering Lead will hold responsibility for front-end initiatives across multiple platforms. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Technically lead a group of engineers, providing architectural guidance, code reviews, and mentorship
Execute full lifecycle software development
Build and maintain efficient UI applications and components to support backend services integration with a variety of third-party systems
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicate clear execution plans to both technical teammates and non-technical business partners
Act as owner for setting standards and best practices to improve performance, availability and scalability based on both technical and business considerations
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Expertise with modern web development - focus on frontend capabilities (Javascript, React, CSS, HTML)
Ability to technically support hands on & guide work including frontend development, enhancing performance, tracking setup and strategies, A/B tests, SEO, accessibility, and efficient content delivery
Ideal candidate has exposure to some of the following disciplines/practices:
Tagging & Analytics (ex: Adobe DTM/Launch, Tealium, Google Tag Manager)
Content Management Systems (ex: CoreMedia, Magnolia, Contentful, AEM),
A/B Testing (ex: Adobe Target, AB Tasty, Evergage)
Nice to have, but not required: knowledge of Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC) or other commerce platforms, experience building a PWA
Education And / Or Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or 7+ years of hands-on experience in a development environment.
Strong desire to learn and is quick to pick up new concepts
Passion for development and ability to dig into solving problems
Relocation
No relocation provided
This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.
Software Engineer II

First, let’s talk Tech.

Here is a list of our platforms. Don’t worry, you don’t have to be a master at them all. Ideally, you will have experience in at least 2 of them.

.NET Core
React Native
Azure Functions
Cosmos DB
Kafka
SignalR
As a Software Engineer II at Client, you will:
Bring at least 3 to 5 of experience to the table
Work collaboratively with designers, product managers, and engineers
Leverage cutting-edge technologies and modern practices
Build and ship high-quality code at a rapid pace
Work with open source tools to build new technologies
Participate in design thinking activities to improve the user experience
Work in a collaborative organization in a remote work environment, while having access to the amenities the Pittsburgh campus has to offer.

We believe that there is always a better way.So, we will expect you to:

Continuously learn modern software design and development core practices, utilizing articles, MeetUps, conferences, tech talks, etc.
Review and discuss code with engineering peers and leaders to understand best practices and optimal design patterns
Increase your business acumen by consistently learning about other parts of the business

Lastly, here’s some stuff that won’t be part of your day-to-day.At Client you won’t:

Work in a silo
Be limited by project plans
Find yourself stuck in a boring cube
Pay to park or be stuck in a corporate high-rise
Be pigeonholed into proprietary and stagnant codebases

*
*
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +13134372307

· Must-Have Skills: 
o This is infrastructure Devops not application Devops position
o They prefer from data center background / networking/ systems side/ administration background – as this is for 5G project
o deploying AWS infrastructure - with core AWS services such as EC2, VPC, IAM, S3 and RDS
o IaC, with Terraform (Strong )
o experience building CI/CD pipelines
o AWS Associate-level Certification (required within 6 months of employment) - Preferred
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Required)
Terraform: 2 years (Required)
CI/CD: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote
The Opportunity
We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our growing team in our Mental Health product line. The ideal candidate will
participate in the design, implementation, testing and shipping of features that can scale to millions of users. Build features with a major focus on performance, scalability and future expansion. Write unit and functional automation to validate code quality.
We’re looking for engineers with appetite to learn new technologies and self-motivated. It’s critical that you have a passion for learning. You will be working on various technologies in the Teladoc application stack.
Responsibilities
Work alongside the design and product team to create a world class healthcare experience
Design, develop new features and bug fixes as part of an agile team.
Practice agile development cycles and collaborative coding methodologies
Helping your teammates succeed through peer reviews, documentation and QA.
Learn and apply new technologies as needed to solve business problems.
Candidate Profile
BS degree in Computer Science or relevant field
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process preferred (internships ok)
You embody the entrepreneurial spirit, with the ability to drive change and think outside the box
You have hands-on experience with JavaScript & React
You have interest in learning or experience with Ruby on Rails, and/or Java
You are comfortable working with PostgreSQL or MySQL
You can consume and utilize new languages, design patterns, APIs and toolsets
You are able to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment
Effective communication skills and a willingness to learn are a must
Why Join Teladoc Health?

A New Category in Healthcare: Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives.


Our Work Truly Matters: Recognized as the world leader in whole-person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person’s health journey.


Make an Impact: In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals.


Focus on PEOPLE: Teladoc Health has been recognized as a top employer by numerous media and professional organizations. Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative, and inspiring environment.


Diversity and Inclusion: At Teladoc Health we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.


Growth and Innovation: We’ve already made healthcare yet remain on the threshold of very big things. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy.

  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The mission of the Frontend Rendering Infrastructure team is to accelerate product development at Etsy. We make sure product teams have the tools and infrastructure they need to build and iterate on complex interfaces. Uniquely, our work impacts both the developer experience and the end-user experience. Some examples of recent work include:

 Building out support for server-rendered JSX components (see our Code as Craft article about this work)
 Working with the Web Platform team to implement Redux Toolkit at Etsy
 Re-architecting our PHP view rendering framework to be queue-based

 We’re looking for people who are interested in both server- and client-rendering and their underlying technologies. You’ll be working on projects written in PHP, JavaScript and TypeScript, built within frameworks like Preact and Redux.
 Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.
 About the Role
 We’re looking for engineers with experience building scalable and performant front-end infrastructure. You should be customer-focused, data-driven, and excited about collaborating with your teammates and peers. Your responsibilities include:

 Developing and maintaining critical path product services
 Building tools and libraries that make it easy to take advantage of Etsy infrastructure
 Identifying opportunities to improve our architecture, operability or capabilities
 Using data to validate your hypotheses and inform your decision making




  Qualifications
   About You

 You’re an engineer with deep knowledge of JavaScript/Typescript. PHP experience is helpful as we use it often, but it is not required
 You have experience with multiple frontend frameworks; we primarily use React/Preact and support jQuery, but alternate experience is great
 You may have experience using and/or building living design systems
 You enjoy writing technical documentation
 You care deeply about performance and usability on a variety of devices
 You are comfortable working with legacy code while working towards improving it
 You’re opinionated about how to build systems (and whether to build them at all), but empathetic to your colleagues
 You’ve mentored engineers at a variety of levels throughout their career

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.


Directory / HTML Assistant for Online Medical Textbook
PathologyOutlines.com, now in its 21st year, seeks a Directory / HTML Assistant to work 20-30 hours per week, no nights or weekends, with the possibility of increased hours. Meticulous attention to detail is required. You need to care a lot about small details in written documents that others often ignore. Prior training or experience demonstrating that you have this capability and desire is important. A science or biology background is also helpful. HTML experience is preferred.
We publish a free online pathology textbook with 4,500 topics, written by University professors, peer-reviewed by outside Editors and paid for by advertising. We also recently created a Worldwide Directory of Pathologists, see https://www.pathologyoutlines.com/directory, which is the focus of this position.
Your main responsibility will be serving as a member of our “Directory Team” to create profiles for pathologists using institutional lists of pathologists. You will research these pathologists online to gather data for their profiles. Occasionally, you will transfer pathologist survey data into the database or update the database based on changes submitted. In addition, as an HTML Assistant, you will format job, fellowship and conference advertisements, and possibly handle author content for our textbook using our online templates, HTML and our content management system (CMS). There may be additional responsibilities based on ability. We will train you to perform these responsibilities.
You must be organized and be able to work independently. This is a telecommuting job, with the option to work in the office.
This is a great job if flexibility is needed - our employees typically prefer part time to allow them to care for family members or pursue outside interests. The pay is $16 per hour. At hiring, we provide health care premium reimbursement up to $2600/year. After 3 months, you are eligible for our quarterly profit sharing bonus (if applicable), which has historically been substantial. At 6 months, we provide 2 weeks of annual paid vacation. At 1 year, we provide a company funded 401(k) and a cash pension retirement plan. At 2 years, we provide 4 weeks of annual paid vacation. Other benefits (if working in the office) are a comfortable quiet workspace and monthly office lunches. The office includes 22 other individuals (almost all are part time) and is located on Telegraph Road between 12 and 13 Mile in Bingham Farms, Michigan.
You will be working with Apple computers (if working in the office), using HTML/CSS, Google Apps (Mail, Docs, Calendar), Internet browsers (Safari, Firefox and Chrome), and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Please submit a cover letter with your resume that gives us examples of your experience in editing and attention to detail and tells us why you want a part time position.
Job Type: Part-time
Pay: $16.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

HTML: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Piper Companies is currently seeking a Java Software Engineers for REMOTE opportunities with a variety of fast-growing organizations on the east coast. The Java Software Engineers will participate in new feature development and contribute to an ongoing project to upgrade the existing architecture and design of enterprise software platforms. U.S Citizenship is required due to working with government contracts.
Responsibilities of the Java Software Engineer:
Work on new feature development, contribute towards architecture/design and assist with maintenance of existing software
Follow current software development best practices in an agile development environment
Provide ETL support, working knowledge is a plus but not necessary.
Work with Java Content Management Systems

Qualifications of the Java Software Engineer:
4-8 years of experience in a software engineer role, using Java
Experience working with PostgreSQL
Requires experience with back-end technologies such as Java or Spring/Spring Boot.
Requires expertise with front-end technologies such as JS, Angular, Bootstrap
Familiarity with containerization such as Docker or Kubernetes

Compensation for the Java Software Engineer:
Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K
X by 2 is a team of software engineers, designers, leads and architects, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for software excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.
We're looking for people that have started playing technical leadership roles and seek accelerated career opportunities and challenging problems to solve.
Summary

Play tech lead / architect roles in architecting, designing, developing, testing and rolling out core business applications and data/analytics solutions for insurance and healthcare clients.
Participate in strategy and roadmap engagements, software architecture definition, product/framework evaluation for software projects.
Quickly learn to use new tools, technologies and platforms across various technology stacks as needed for the project to develop prototypes and proof-of-concepts.
Mentor and perform design reviews and code reviews for developers on the team
Collaborate with fellow Developers, Technical Leads and Architects on architecture, design and development.

Qualifications

Experience technically leading software projects
Experience designing and developing enterprise class business applications, integration solutions and/or data solutions using technologies such as Java/J2EE, .NET, JavaScript and SQL
Curiosity and awareness of technological trends and patterns in enterprise software development
Strong problem-solving skills
Ability to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and concisely
Excellent verbal communication, written communication and interpersonal communication skills
Willingness to travel on an occasional basis, as local and possibly out-of-state travel is required. Due to COVID, this position is currently remote.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related is preferred.

Our Philosophies

Agile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clients
Learning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworks
Deliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launch
No technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clients
Constant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool belt

Work Environment and Culture

Be surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levels
Collaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptions
Work in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performance
Open environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structures
Everyone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedback

Benefits and Perks

Competitive compensation
Health, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability Insurance Coverage
Voluntary benefit package with Telemedicine, PetCare, Chiropractic, Lab Testing and Alternative Medicine
401K with employer match
HSA with employer match
Annual performance reviews for raises and promotions
Perk Programs: Home Office reimbursement, Professional Self-Development program, Health and Wellness reimbursement, Professional Dress Allowance
Earn points through recognitions, travel and much more, and redeem them for unique experiences
Company sponsored social events for employees and families
Work-Life Balance: PTO based on experience, unlimited sick days, paid holidays

Work Location: One location
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $143,000.00 - $163,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Do you want to work in a fast-paced and exciting environment, where no two days are the same? We’re looking for an Engineer Genesys who enjoys both a buzz and a challenge.
 Engineer Genesys
 Full-time, homebased in the US
 We’re BCD Travel, one of the world’s leading corporate travel management companies with offices around the globe. We help our clients travel smart and achieve more. People join our company because we provide a dynamic work environment, where no two days are the same. And our people stay with us because we care about their work-life balance. But don’t just take our word for it: we've been voted top place to work and recognized by Investors In People, Flexjobs and Forbes.
 As an Engineer Genesys, you are responsible for configuration and installation of voice and e-services in BCD Travels Contact Centers, as well as skill-based routing using DNIS Digits with integration to Agent Sip Servers, Trunking Sip Servers, Configuration Routers, and Statistical Servers. You will be working trouble tickets by analyzing, isolating, and diagnosing issues with Genesys applications.
 A snapshot of this opportunity

Managing the configuration of telecommunications operations for multiple sites, software and reporting programming
Assuring control, reliability, performance, and security of voice communications
Administrating and programming maintenance of speech recognition, registration, and screen pop, and CTI programming
Testing all programming configuration before, during, and after all implementations
Handling customer requests in a timely and accurate manner

How you can set yourself apart

Previous experience with Telecom and Network System Design
Knowledge of technical development and analysis
Good understanding of contact center systems
Excellent communication skills with good verbal and written communications  

What we offer you

 At BCD Travel, we work with highly motivated and passionate people. We value open communication, collaboration, and a flexible work-life balance. We offer unique, often global, experiences that empower you to develop and grow within the organization. Sustainability and helping others is also high on our list. We make a difference through charitable activities in our communities across the globe.
 About us
 BCD Travel helps companies make the most of what they spend on travel. We give travelers innovative tools that keep them safe and productive and help them make good choices on the road. We partner with travel and procurement leaders to simplify the complexities of business travel, drive savings and satisfaction, and move whole companies toward their goals. In short, we help our clients travel smart and achieve more. We make this happen in 109 countries with a global client retention rate of 98%, the highest in the industry. For more information, visit www.bcdtravel.com. 
Interested?
 Create your profile and upload your resume/cover letter via our website. Feel free to reach out to us with any questions via careers@bcdtravel.com. Note: send your application via the website only. 
Stay informed about new career opportunities at BCD Travel
 Use the 'notify me' button in our careers center to be one of the first to hear about interesting opportunities in the future. On the left-hand side of the screen, you can select filters to see updates on all vacancies that match your interest.

Note: We’ll give preference to internal and/or furloughed employees.



 #LI-VP1
 #LI-remote

CAJM



 #LI


Job Title : Software Engineer- Contract- Job # 3716Location: RemoteJob Description: We are working with a fast growing quantitative investment firm focused on digital assets to find a talented software engineer to join their team. The client applies a data and software driven approach to investment management utilizing probabilistic models and automated trade execution algorithms. The selected candidate will support Senior Data and Software Engineers to continue building their research and trading infrastructure.Responsibilities: 

Work with the engineering team and Chief Investment Officers to design, develop, and deploy sophisticated quantitative trading strategies.
Continue development of high-performance systems that make sub-millisecond trading decisions with almost zero downtime
Help to develop and maintain internal data consulting and training systems
Collaborate effectively with team members
Engage in trainings related to Machine Learning, Time Series Analysis, and Quantitative Analysis

Required: 

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related
2+ years Software Engineering Experience
High level proficiency with Python and JavaScript
Proven experience with React
Experience with Git Version Control, branching and rebasing
Strong interpersonal collaboration skills
Strong interpersonal communication skills

About Delphi-USDelphi-US is a national recruiting firm based in Newport, Rhode Island. We specialize in IT, Engineering and Professional Staffing services for organizations from Main Street to Wall Street. Our mission is simple: To connect great people to great companies. We accomplish this with a proprietary skill-based and cultural matching process that results in higher qualified submissions along with increased interviews and offer rates. You’ll find our team is friendly, professional and ready to advocate on your behalf, armed with industry trends, and a dedication to client expectations.
Job Type: Contract
Massive Scale: Our microservices architecture in AWS ingests hundreds of terabytes daily across many geographic regions. Millions of queries a day analyze hundreds of petabytes of data. At Sumo Logic, we are building a data platform designed to power the analytics and investigations that are common in the Security Operation Centers of large enterprises. It is designed to accept hundreds of billions of events from security-relevant data sources (detection products, network sensors, log shippers, inventory systems) per day. It is cloud-native, with no plan to support an on-premise deployment. It is multi-tenant, and is designed to simultaneously process events from thousands of our customers. And, it is security-focused — it is designed to perform the kinds of stateful analyses that security analysts demand. We are building this platform the way startups should — with ruthless prioritization, and with a live and demanding customer base.

By joining us as a Senior Frontend Engineer for Cloud SIEM Enterprise, you have the opportunity to make our vision a reality, one feature at a time.

What You Will Be Doing:

Build and maintain beautiful user interfaces for our customers
Work inside of a fast-paced iterative environment Implementing clean modern designs
Make decisions based on actual client usage

 Who You Are:

6+ years’ experience in a similar role or related technical field
Experience developing web apps with modern UI frameworks (preferably React)
Familiarity with React, TypeScript, Webpack, and Apollo/GraphQL is preferred
You love collecting data about your UI as much as building it to make decisions based on usage
Experience in common UI testing frameworks, including Jest and Cypress
Knowledge of standards and best practices for UX/UI design
Flexibility and willingness to quickly take on new roles and responsibilities
Bonus if you have experience in data visualizations with D3.js

 About Us

Sumo Logic is the pioneer in continuous intelligence, a new category of software, which enables organizations of all sizes to address the data challenges and opportunities presented by digital transformation, modern applications, and cloud computing. The Sumo Logic Continuous Intelligence Platform™ automates the collection, ingestion, and analysis of application, infrastructure, security, and IoT data to derive actionable insights within seconds. More than 2,100 customers rely on Sumo Logic to build, run, and secure their modern applications and cloud infrastructures. Only Sumo Logic delivers its platform as a true, multi-tenant SaaS architecture, across multiple use-cases, enabling businesses to thrive in the Intelligence Economy.

Other Details:

Competitive compensation + RSU's
Unlimited PTO
New MacBook Pro
100% remote or in office- your choice
Employee stock purchase plan- ESPP
Medical, Dental, Vision
Paid Parental leave
WHAT YOU’LL DO

Builds solutions and defect detection of displays and other technologies.
Design and develop the software using image processing, and computer vision (CV), for automatic defect detection solution.
The job is on the line with components (monitors, memory cards, screens), where each component is checked and tested automatically. One of three languages is possible – Matlab, Python or C++ + computer vision.
Development, maintenance and bug fixes in our software code bases to support factory product builds and testing from prototype to shipping
Debug and troubleshoot software issues working with cross-functional teams including manufacturing, EEs, and others involved in product builds
Track, prioritize and drive open issues within internal team and communicate status updates to cross-functional teams
Be the primary contact point and represent the Diags team in various meetings with global international teams
Develop low-level software in C programming language in an embedded and OS-less environment
Write and maintain existing python and/or lua scripts for device diagnostics

REQUIREMENTS

Background in embedded software development
At least 3+ years’ experience in embedded C
At least 3+ years’ experience in program management
Ability to drive issues, track tasks, and evaluate priorities on a regular basis
Background in computer architecture and knowledge of embedded hardware
Understands and thrives in a fast-paced environment

Preferred Skills: 

Any exposure to UEFI/EDK2 is a massive plus
Mac OSX and iOS knowledge and experience is a strong plus
Good multitasking capabilities with ability to handle frequent context switches
Fast learner with ability to be self-directed and a focus on execution
Manufacturing experience and exposure to working with contract manufacturers

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $130.00 - $140.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Embedded software: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline (or equivalent experience).
 2+ years of professional front end development.
 Skilled with common front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JS, TypeScript, and Node
 Experience in one or more relevant front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, Vue, etc.
 A willingness to dive deep, experiment rapidly and get things done



  Job summary
   We are looking for a passionate Front-End Engineer (FEE) to join our team as we build new Alexa tools and services that encourage developers to explore the world of ambient intelligence. 
  
 The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics forecasts that job opportunities for computer science workers will grow 13% between 2020 and 2030. As part of our team, you will own the UI/UX experience and work with our engineers to help build innovative solutions that use Alexa to teach the principles of computer science through Alexa. You will encourage bold exploration of interactions and experiments that push innovation and use these learnings to bolster the foundation of best practice reference design patterns that foster a consistent, efficient, and familiar cross-product experience.
  
 Key job responsibilities
   As a member of tour team, your responsibilities will include:
  

 Designing and implementing critical components of UI and building new interfaces
 Integrating your work with existing architectures, developing and testing code
 Working with front-end and back-end team members, and product managers to manage the day-to-day development and engineering activities, participating in designs, design review, code review, and implementation
 Engaging and working with customers and dependencies to ensure the quality delivery
 Maintaining current technical knowledge to support rapidly changing technology, always on a look out for new technologies, and work with the team in bringing in new technologies





Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
 Experience building scalable front-end infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.
 Proficient in a broad range of software design approaches and common UX patterns. Knows when (and when not) to use front-end software design patterns
 Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices.
 Ability to articulate the benefits and challenges of depending on front-end libraries, frameworks, and tool-sets.
 Ability to decompose a problem into clear software and UX design actions.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 



Announcement



      Details 
     





Open Date


         05/17/2022
        




Requisition Number


         PRN30578B
        




Job Title


         Associate Software Developer
        




Working Title


         Associate Software Developer
        




Job Grade


         E
        




FLSA Code


         Computer Employee
        




Patient Sensitive Job Code?


         No
        




Standard Hours per Week


         40
        




Full Time or Part Time?


         Full Time
        




Shift


         Day
        




Work Schedule Summary



Monday – Friday
100% telecommuting position
Utah Residents Preferred








VP Area


         U of U Health - Academics
        




Department


         01828 - Univ Faculty Info & Support
        




Location


         Campus
        




City


         Salt Lake City, UT
        




Type of Recruitment


         External Posting
        




Pay Rate Range


         56,000 to 64,000 starting, Depending on qalifications
        




Close Date






Open Until Filled


         Yes
        




Job Summary



          Codes software applications to adhere to designs supporting internal business requirements or external customers. Standardizes the quality assurance procedure for software. Oversees testing and develops fixes.
          


          This is an entry level position with a built-in career path. The candidates we seek should have a deep interest in building their skills and knowledge, and a curiosity about the field of software development. Our team will help you grow into a full-stack web developer and give you hands on experience with cutting edge technologies and frameworks.
          

About University Faculty Information & Support

           University Faculty Information & Support provides administrative applications and support to leadership across all colleges at the University of Utah including University of Utah Health Academics (non-clinical). Our information systems and integration with other institutional data sources allow us to provide comprehensive management of financial data, financial processes, faculty data and faculty-centric processes in support of the various missions of the university.
          

Benefits

           The University of Utah offers extremely competitive benefits including
         

An out-of-this-world 401(a) retirement program
Top quality Health, Vision, and Dental with rock-bottom premiums and co-pays. (it pays to work for an organization that has their own health care system)
Access to the University’s athletic and fitness facilities






Responsibilities


Problem Solving

           Has knowledge of standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision. A certain degree of creativity and latitude required. Reports to a software development manager and works on project teams as assigned.
         







Minimum Qualifications


         Requires a bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalency and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
         
 Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.
        




Preferences


Computer Science graduate or soon-to-graduate from the University of Utah.
Some experience with web design and databases is preferred.
Curiosity!
A desire to learn, grow, and build new skills.





Type


         Benefited Staff
        




Special Instructions Summary






Additional Information



The University of Utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds and possess a strong commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.





Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. Upon request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.





The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, genetic information, or protected veteran’s status. The University does not discriminate on the basis of sex in the education program or activity that it operates, as required by Title IX and 34 
CFR
 part 106. The requirement not to discriminate in education programs or activities extends to admission and employment. Inquiries about the application of Title IX and its regulations may be referred to the Title IX Coordinator, to the Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, or both.





To request a reasonable accommodation for a disability or if you or someone you know has experienced discrimination or sexual misconduct including sexual harassment, you may contact the Director/Title IX Coordinator in the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action:





Director/ Title IX Coordinator


Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action (
OEO
/AA)


135 Park Building


Salt Lake City, UT 84112


801-581-8365


oeo@utah.edu


Online reports may be submitted at 
oeo.utah.edu


To inquire about this posting, email: 
employment@utah.edu
 or call 801-581-2300.






The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems (“URS”). Eligible new hires with prior 
URS
 service, may elect to enroll in 
URS
 if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from 
URS
 are subject to URS’ post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.





This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.













Company Description: 

Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specialises in the delivery of unique, personalised customer experiences across platforms and devices. We call it ‘people-based’ marketing, and with over 25 years’ experience, we are proud to be recognised as a Global leader.
 Merkle’s heritage in data, technology and analytics is the foundation for our understanding of consumer insights that drives our people-based marketing strategies. With our expertise, we can offer our clients content-driven, contextual and compelling customer journeys and experiences that drive business growth.
 With our Head Office in Columbia, Maryland and offices US wide, we continue to grow at a rapid rate across Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network, one of the world’s biggest Global media companies.
 Diversity is embedded in who we are and all that we do: our mindset, our solutions, and in our teams to empower an inclusive, equitable environment. We put our people at the center, creating space for growth, understanding and learning so they can thrive. Our differences make us richer and enable stronger relationships with each other and foster greater impact for our clients. We engage with our communities to drive positive social impact by fostering equity and working to create a digital society that works for all.



Job Description: 

Due to growth of our client base we have an exciting new opportunity for an individual with a keen interest in HTML to join us as a Junior Email Developer. We are a Digital Marketing agency; in this role, you will learn and become responsible for execution of our clients’ email marketing campaigns using a variety of leading industry tools, in particular IBM Silverpop.
 The Digital team are big advocates of animated gifs and will help ensure that you are taught how to create these using Adobe Photoshop as well as creating online surveys and landing pages.
 The role will give you the opportunity to work across a range of large client accounts and campaign types. The suitable candidate will either have recently completed a relevant degree with experience using HTML, or have some base level work experience using HTML looking for a next move.

 You will be trained by email experts and will learn to create mobile optimized emails from scratch so digital will be your passion!
 There will be regular time for innovation – the team share concepts and ideas and put them to practice to ensure they are the fore front of email innovation
 Conferences such as the Litmus Conference are attended by members of the team
 External and internal training will be offered in the area’s you wish to develop




Qualifications: 


Working knowledge of HTML either through a recent degree or work experience; this is a junior/trainee role in the team so we seek a basic knowledge and keen interest in developing HTML skills
 Proven ability to learn new skills quickly
 Ability to demonstrate drive, proactivity and reliability
 Strong attention to detail: ensuring work is produced to the highest standard and error free




Additional Information: 

For individuals assigned to and/or hired in Colorado, the anticipated salary range for this position is $50,000 - $60,000, which is based on a wide range of factors that include relevant experience, knowledge, skills and other job-related qualifications. Pay ranges in locations other than Colorado may differ based on labor market wage rates in those locations. A range of medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, paid time off, and/or other benefits also are available. For more information regarding dentsu benefits, please visit https://dentsubenefitsplus.com/
 Employees from diverse or underrepresented backgrounds encouraged to apply. Dentsu (the "Company") is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruiting@dentsuaegis.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company to which you are applying.






More Information:
Our Culture: Merkle’s energy and personality lives through everything we say and do. Learn all about what defines our people and our vibe.
Students & Recent Graduates: Start your career at Merkle and get on the path to success.
Experienced Hires: Leverage your expertise, challenge the status quo and grow your career at Merkle.


One of our direct clients is looking for a Software Developer. Interested candidates can apply and below given is the job description, if there are any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us via Indeed messaging.
Skills Needed: PythonGoLangAngularTest Exec & App Design
Project Overview: Subject Matter expert to assist in onboarding and field questions for a Platform that provides the ability to build processes for Security teams at Google.
Overall Responsibilities: Collaborate with different teams to make sure solutions meet their requirements.Answer questions from teams on how certain features work/are configured.Report back on common use cases that need attentionUpdate documentation that's unclear to users
Mandatory Skills/Qualifications: 2-5 years of experience in any programming languageGolang and/or Python experience is a plusTechnical writing skillsSelf-driven and work independentlyAutodidact, self-learnerFamiliar with Google/Google3
Non-Essential Skills/Qualifications: Hands-on experience with Angular
S2Integrators LLC is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: Up to $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Python: 1 year (Preferred)
Go: 1 year (Preferred)
Angular: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
The Opportunity
We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our growing team in our Mental Health product line. The ideal candidate will
participate in the design, implementation, testing and shipping of features that can scale to millions of users. Build features with a major focus on performance, scalability and future expansion. Write unit and functional automation to validate code quality.
We’re looking for engineers with appetite to learn new technologies and self-motivated. It’s critical that you have a passion for learning. You will be working on various technologies in the Teladoc application stack.
Responsibilities
Work alongside the design and product team to create a world class healthcare experience
Design, develop new features and bug fixes as part of an agile team.
Practice agile development cycles and collaborative coding methodologies
Helping your teammates succeed through peer reviews, documentation and QA.
Learn and apply new technologies as needed to solve business problems.
Candidate Profile
BS degree in Computer Science or relevant field
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process preferred (internships ok)
You embody the entrepreneurial spirit, with the ability to drive change and think outside the box
You have hands-on experience with JavaScript & React
You have interest in learning or experience with Ruby on Rails, and/or Java
You are comfortable working with PostgreSQL or MySQL
You can consume and utilize new languages, design patterns, APIs and toolsets
You are able to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment
Effective communication skills and a willingness to learn are a must
Why Join Teladoc Health?

A New Category in Healthcare: Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives.


Our Work Truly Matters: Recognized as the world leader in whole-person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person’s health journey.


Make an Impact: In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals.


Focus on PEOPLE: Teladoc Health has been recognized as a top employer by numerous media and professional organizations. Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative, and inspiring environment.


Diversity and Inclusion: At Teladoc Health we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.


Growth and Innovation: We’ve already made healthcare yet remain on the threshold of very big things. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy.
90% of the work will be Python and QT, with some Rust and Open GL work also. C++ developers with decent Python skills who can transition full-time to Python are welcome.
Our client is seeking mid-level to senior QT Software Engineers with outstanding technical software development skills with extensive experience in development of both web and rich client software in C++ or Python-based applications. The individual will have a track record of working within agreed methods and frameworks for software development. You will help to enhance a Desktop 3D frontend, web frontend, and cloud-based infrastructure with a particular focus on developing new features that are relevant to the offshore wind industry. These tools allow users to design models, connect to a cloud-based engineering simulation engine, and visualize/post-process results. You will help with development of the client's proprietary Modeler, which is a QT-based front-end to their engine. You will improve the client's ability to support customer requests and add new front-end features. These are very high-impact for their customers and sales because front-end features are user- facing. You will need to be extremely comfortable communicating with engineers in a very technical landscape. This position reports to the Chief Architect with also a line to the Technology Development team.
Key Responsibilities: Use Python (and Qt, QML, OpenGL, numpy) to implement new features and maintain existing features for the Desktop frontend. Some Rust and OPEN GL work.Create prototypes for new ideas and features.Work collaboratively with the engineering teams to understand end user requirements to provide technical solutions, user interface designs as well as implementation of new software features.Help develop a clear and robust desktop API which is a basis for a scripting interface, an automated end-to-end test suite, and allowing development of 3rd-party plugins.Ensure the reliability of desktop application via framework of testing layers (unit-test, integration test, end-to-end test). Add and update tests as the application scales up.Build a test suite to detect bugs, errors for the application to ensure it's in good shape at all times, including the UI/UX requirement.
Experience and Qualifications: 5 years minimum overall application programming experience.Previous work experience as a Python Developer with QT, or C++ and QTDegree in Computer Science and/or Engineering or related discipline.Hands on experience with Python user interface frameworks.Up-to-date with the latest UI/UX techniques and technologies.Used to working in an International context with good written and spoken English.Experience in UI development, preferably in CAE/CAD/3D graphics applications.Understanding of performance testing and optimization techniques.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The mission of the Frontend Rendering Infrastructure team is to accelerate product development at Etsy. We make sure product teams have the tools and infrastructure they need to build and iterate on complex interfaces. Uniquely, our work impacts both the developer experience and the end-user experience. Some examples of recent work include:

 Building out support for server-rendered JSX components (see our Code as Craft article about this work)
 Working with the Web Platform team to implement Redux Toolkit at Etsy
 Re-architecting our PHP view rendering framework to be queue-based

 We’re looking for people who are interested in both server- and client-rendering and their underlying technologies. You’ll be working on projects written in PHP, JavaScript and TypeScript, built within frameworks like Preact and Redux.
 Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.
 About the Role
 We’re looking for engineers with experience building scalable and performant front-end infrastructure. You should be customer-focused, data-driven, and excited about collaborating with your teammates and peers. Your responsibilities include:

 Developing and maintaining critical path product services
 Building tools and libraries that make it easy to take advantage of Etsy infrastructure
 Identifying opportunities to improve our architecture, operability or capabilities
 Using data to validate your hypotheses and inform your decision making




  Qualifications
   About You

 You’re an engineer with deep knowledge of JavaScript/Typescript. PHP experience is helpful as we use it often, but it is not required
 You have experience with multiple frontend frameworks; we primarily use React/Preact and support jQuery, but alternate experience is great
 You may have experience using and/or building living design systems
 You enjoy writing technical documentation
 You care deeply about performance and usability on a variety of devices
 You are comfortable working with legacy code while working towards improving it
 You’re opinionated about how to build systems (and whether to build them at all), but empathetic to your colleagues
 You’ve mentored engineers at a variety of levels throughout their career

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.



  About Blackhawk Network: 
  
    At Blackhawk Network, we shape the future of global branded payments through the prepaid products, technologies and network that connect brands and people. Our collaborative innovation and scalable, security-minded solutions help our partners to increase reach, loyalty and revenue. We believe our future holds great things for Blackhawk Network and its partners. We believe that together, we can shape the future. Our beliefs? Win as one team, be innovative, global excellence and be inspiring!
  

 Responsibilities: 
  
Perform all phases of software engineering including design, development, testing, and deployment in an Agile software development environment
 Design and develop new features using various languages, we primarily use Java/Spring
 Collaborate with other teams and conduct new technology research for product development and recommend product enhancements
 Actively participate in code reviews, analyze results and choose the best solution
 Manage deadlines and prioritize tasks
 Continuously focus on improving the software quality and performance
 Participate in Information Security analysis and remediation
 Troubleshoot customer issues and communicate effectively to internal and external stakeholders
 Qualifications: 
  
Must have at least 1 year of prior work experience in each of the following:
 Analyzing software requirements, designing and developing enterprise Java/J2EE applications using OOAD, UML and various design patterns.
 Performing Unit and Integration testing of Java applications.
 Identifying, debugging and fixing programming defects and application issues in development, testing and production environments.
 Java/J2EE, Spring boot, Web Services, XML, DB2, PL/SQL, JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3.
 EEO Statement: 
  
    Blackhawk Network provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Blackhawk Network believes that diversity leads to strength. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
  


Directory / HTML Assistant for Online Medical Textbook
PathologyOutlines.com, now in its 21st year, seeks a Directory / HTML Assistant to work 20-30 hours per week, no nights or weekends, with the possibility of increased hours. Meticulous attention to detail is required. You need to care a lot about small details in written documents that others often ignore. Prior training or experience demonstrating that you have this capability and desire is important. A science or biology background is also helpful. HTML experience is preferred.
We publish a free online pathology textbook with 4,500 topics, written by University professors, peer-reviewed by outside Editors and paid for by advertising. We also recently created a Worldwide Directory of Pathologists, see https://www.pathologyoutlines.com/directory, which is the focus of this position.
Your main responsibility will be serving as a member of our “Directory Team” to create profiles for pathologists using institutional lists of pathologists. You will research these pathologists online to gather data for their profiles. Occasionally, you will transfer pathologist survey data into the database or update the database based on changes submitted. In addition, as an HTML Assistant, you will format job, fellowship and conference advertisements, and possibly handle author content for our textbook using our online templates, HTML and our content management system (CMS). There may be additional responsibilities based on ability. We will train you to perform these responsibilities.
You must be organized and be able to work independently. This is a telecommuting job, with the option to work in the office.
This is a great job if flexibility is needed - our employees typically prefer part time to allow them to care for family members or pursue outside interests. The pay is $16 per hour. At hiring, we provide health care premium reimbursement up to $2600/year. After 3 months, you are eligible for our quarterly profit sharing bonus (if applicable), which has historically been substantial. At 6 months, we provide 2 weeks of annual paid vacation. At 1 year, we provide a company funded 401(k) and a cash pension retirement plan. At 2 years, we provide 4 weeks of annual paid vacation. Other benefits (if working in the office) are a comfortable quiet workspace and monthly office lunches. The office includes 22 other individuals (almost all are part time) and is located on Telegraph Road between 12 and 13 Mile in Bingham Farms, Michigan.
You will be working with Apple computers (if working in the office), using HTML/CSS, Google Apps (Mail, Docs, Calendar), Internet browsers (Safari, Firefox and Chrome), and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Please submit a cover letter with your resume that gives us examples of your experience in editing and attention to detail and tells us why you want a part time position.
Job Type: Part-time
Pay: $16.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

HTML: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 
 Actalent is hiring a Software Engineer for a large Aerospace/DoD company, that is located in the Endicott, NY area. They are open to Fully Remote option given the experience and business needs. Below are further details. 
 

Job Description:
 The Global Product project is in the early stages of the lifecycle 
 We are working with some system requirements that are in flux, and the project is dynamic. Software work has started for areas that we have an understanding on (system requirements knowns). 
 Embedded C developer as well as experience in python for development of automated scripts for simulation and requirements based testing. 
 Simulink experience would be helpful for assistance 
 Python experience and allow for learning the “big picture” understanding of the software. 
 

Skills:
 Bachelors degree within Engineering or similar degree 
 Python experience 
 Embedded C experience 
 Simulink or MATLAB experience 
 Ability to obtain a clearance (active clearance not required, just the ability to obtain a clearance 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
Piper Companies is currently seeking a Java Software Engineers for REMOTE opportunities with a variety of fast-growing organizations on the east coast. The Java Software Engineers will participate in new feature development and contribute to an ongoing project to upgrade the existing architecture and design of enterprise software platforms. U.S Citizenship is required due to working with government contracts.
Responsibilities of the Java Software Engineer:
Work on new feature development, contribute towards architecture/design and assist with maintenance of existing software
Follow current software development best practices in an agile development environment
Provide ETL support, working knowledge is a plus but not necessary.
Work with Java Content Management Systems

Qualifications of the Java Software Engineer:
4-8 years of experience in a software engineer role, using Java
Experience working with PostgreSQL
Requires experience with back-end technologies such as Java or Spring/Spring Boot.
Requires expertise with front-end technologies such as JS, Angular, Bootstrap
Familiarity with containerization such as Docker or Kubernetes

Compensation for the Java Software Engineer:
Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K
X by 2 is a team of software engineers, designers, leads and architects, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for software excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.
We're looking for people that have started playing technical leadership roles and seek accelerated career opportunities and challenging problems to solve.
Summary

Play tech lead / architect roles in architecting, designing, developing, testing and rolling out core business applications and data/analytics solutions for insurance and healthcare clients.
Participate in strategy and roadmap engagements, software architecture definition, product/framework evaluation for software projects.
Quickly learn to use new tools, technologies and platforms across various technology stacks as needed for the project to develop prototypes and proof-of-concepts.
Mentor and perform design reviews and code reviews for developers on the team
Collaborate with fellow Developers, Technical Leads and Architects on architecture, design and development.

Qualifications

Experience technically leading software projects
Experience designing and developing enterprise class business applications, integration solutions and/or data solutions using technologies such as Java/J2EE, .NET, JavaScript and SQL
Curiosity and awareness of technological trends and patterns in enterprise software development
Strong problem-solving skills
Ability to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and concisely
Excellent verbal communication, written communication and interpersonal communication skills
Willingness to travel on an occasional basis, as local and possibly out-of-state travel is required. Due to COVID, this position is currently remote.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related is preferred.

Our Philosophies

Agile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clients
Learning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworks
Deliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launch
No technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clients
Constant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool belt

Work Environment and Culture

Be surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levels
Collaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptions
Work in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performance
Open environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structures
Everyone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedback

Benefits and Perks

Competitive compensation
Health, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability Insurance Coverage
Voluntary benefit package with Telemedicine, PetCare, Chiropractic, Lab Testing and Alternative Medicine
401K with employer match
HSA with employer match
Annual performance reviews for raises and promotions
Perk Programs: Home Office reimbursement, Professional Self-Development program, Health and Wellness reimbursement, Professional Dress Allowance
Earn points through recognitions, travel and much more, and redeem them for unique experiences
Company sponsored social events for employees and families
Work-Life Balance: PTO based on experience, unlimited sick days, paid holidays

Work Location: One location
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $143,000.00 - $163,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Do you want to work in a fast-paced and exciting environment, where no two days are the same? We’re looking for an Engineer Genesys who enjoys both a buzz and a challenge.
 Engineer Genesys
 Full-time, homebased in the US
 We’re BCD Travel, one of the world’s leading corporate travel management companies with offices around the globe. We help our clients travel smart and achieve more. People join our company because we provide a dynamic work environment, where no two days are the same. And our people stay with us because we care about their work-life balance. But don’t just take our word for it: we've been voted top place to work and recognized by Investors In People, Flexjobs and Forbes.
 As an Engineer Genesys, you are responsible for configuration and installation of voice and e-services in BCD Travels Contact Centers, as well as skill-based routing using DNIS Digits with integration to Agent Sip Servers, Trunking Sip Servers, Configuration Routers, and Statistical Servers. You will be working trouble tickets by analyzing, isolating, and diagnosing issues with Genesys applications.
 A snapshot of this opportunity

Managing the configuration of telecommunications operations for multiple sites, software and reporting programming
Assuring control, reliability, performance, and security of voice communications
Administrating and programming maintenance of speech recognition, registration, and screen pop, and CTI programming
Testing all programming configuration before, during, and after all implementations
Handling customer requests in a timely and accurate manner

How you can set yourself apart

Previous experience with Telecom and Network System Design
Knowledge of technical development and analysis
Good understanding of contact center systems
Excellent communication skills with good verbal and written communications  

What we offer you

 At BCD Travel, we work with highly motivated and passionate people. We value open communication, collaboration, and a flexible work-life balance. We offer unique, often global, experiences that empower you to develop and grow within the organization. Sustainability and helping others is also high on our list. We make a difference through charitable activities in our communities across the globe.
 About us
 BCD Travel helps companies make the most of what they spend on travel. We give travelers innovative tools that keep them safe and productive and help them make good choices on the road. We partner with travel and procurement leaders to simplify the complexities of business travel, drive savings and satisfaction, and move whole companies toward their goals. In short, we help our clients travel smart and achieve more. We make this happen in 109 countries with a global client retention rate of 98%, the highest in the industry. For more information, visit www.bcdtravel.com. 
Interested?
 Create your profile and upload your resume/cover letter via our website. Feel free to reach out to us with any questions via careers@bcdtravel.com. Note: send your application via the website only. 
Stay informed about new career opportunities at BCD Travel
 Use the 'notify me' button in our careers center to be one of the first to hear about interesting opportunities in the future. On the left-hand side of the screen, you can select filters to see updates on all vacancies that match your interest.

Note: We’ll give preference to internal and/or furloughed employees.



 #LI-VP1
 #LI-remote

CAJM



 #LI


Job Title : Software Engineer- Contract- Job # 3716Location: RemoteJob Description: We are working with a fast growing quantitative investment firm focused on digital assets to find a talented software engineer to join their team. The client applies a data and software driven approach to investment management utilizing probabilistic models and automated trade execution algorithms. The selected candidate will support Senior Data and Software Engineers to continue building their research and trading infrastructure.Responsibilities: 

Work with the engineering team and Chief Investment Officers to design, develop, and deploy sophisticated quantitative trading strategies.
Continue development of high-performance systems that make sub-millisecond trading decisions with almost zero downtime
Help to develop and maintain internal data consulting and training systems
Collaborate effectively with team members
Engage in trainings related to Machine Learning, Time Series Analysis, and Quantitative Analysis

Required: 

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related
2+ years Software Engineering Experience
High level proficiency with Python and JavaScript
Proven experience with React
Experience with Git Version Control, branching and rebasing
Strong interpersonal collaboration skills
Strong interpersonal communication skills

About Delphi-USDelphi-US is a national recruiting firm based in Newport, Rhode Island. We specialize in IT, Engineering and Professional Staffing services for organizations from Main Street to Wall Street. Our mission is simple: To connect great people to great companies. We accomplish this with a proprietary skill-based and cultural matching process that results in higher qualified submissions along with increased interviews and offer rates. You’ll find our team is friendly, professional and ready to advocate on your behalf, armed with industry trends, and a dedication to client expectations.
Job Type: Contract
Massive Scale: Our microservices architecture in AWS ingests hundreds of terabytes daily across many geographic regions. Millions of queries a day analyze hundreds of petabytes of data. At Sumo Logic, we are building a data platform designed to power the analytics and investigations that are common in the Security Operation Centers of large enterprises. It is designed to accept hundreds of billions of events from security-relevant data sources (detection products, network sensors, log shippers, inventory systems) per day. It is cloud-native, with no plan to support an on-premise deployment. It is multi-tenant, and is designed to simultaneously process events from thousands of our customers. And, it is security-focused — it is designed to perform the kinds of stateful analyses that security analysts demand. We are building this platform the way startups should — with ruthless prioritization, and with a live and demanding customer base.

By joining us as a Senior Frontend Engineer for Cloud SIEM Enterprise, you have the opportunity to make our vision a reality, one feature at a time.

What You Will Be Doing:

Build and maintain beautiful user interfaces for our customers
Work inside of a fast-paced iterative environment Implementing clean modern designs
Make decisions based on actual client usage

 Who You Are:

6+ years’ experience in a similar role or related technical field
Experience developing web apps with modern UI frameworks (preferably React)
Familiarity with React, TypeScript, Webpack, and Apollo/GraphQL is preferred
You love collecting data about your UI as much as building it to make decisions based on usage
Experience in common UI testing frameworks, including Jest and Cypress
Knowledge of standards and best practices for UX/UI design
Flexibility and willingness to quickly take on new roles and responsibilities
Bonus if you have experience in data visualizations with D3.js

 About Us

Sumo Logic is the pioneer in continuous intelligence, a new category of software, which enables organizations of all sizes to address the data challenges and opportunities presented by digital transformation, modern applications, and cloud computing. The Sumo Logic Continuous Intelligence Platform™ automates the collection, ingestion, and analysis of application, infrastructure, security, and IoT data to derive actionable insights within seconds. More than 2,100 customers rely on Sumo Logic to build, run, and secure their modern applications and cloud infrastructures. Only Sumo Logic delivers its platform as a true, multi-tenant SaaS architecture, across multiple use-cases, enabling businesses to thrive in the Intelligence Economy.

Other Details:

Competitive compensation + RSU's
Unlimited PTO
New MacBook Pro
100% remote or in office- your choice
Employee stock purchase plan- ESPP
Medical, Dental, Vision
Paid Parental leave
WHAT YOU’LL DO

Builds solutions and defect detection of displays and other technologies.
Design and develop the software using image processing, and computer vision (CV), for automatic defect detection solution.
The job is on the line with components (monitors, memory cards, screens), where each component is checked and tested automatically. One of three languages is possible – Matlab, Python or C++ + computer vision.
Development, maintenance and bug fixes in our software code bases to support factory product builds and testing from prototype to shipping
Debug and troubleshoot software issues working with cross-functional teams including manufacturing, EEs, and others involved in product builds
Track, prioritize and drive open issues within internal team and communicate status updates to cross-functional teams
Be the primary contact point and represent the Diags team in various meetings with global international teams
Develop low-level software in C programming language in an embedded and OS-less environment
Write and maintain existing python and/or lua scripts for device diagnostics

REQUIREMENTS

Background in embedded software development
At least 3+ years’ experience in embedded C
At least 3+ years’ experience in program management
Ability to drive issues, track tasks, and evaluate priorities on a regular basis
Background in computer architecture and knowledge of embedded hardware
Understands and thrives in a fast-paced environment

Preferred Skills: 

Any exposure to UEFI/EDK2 is a massive plus
Mac OSX and iOS knowledge and experience is a strong plus
Good multitasking capabilities with ability to handle frequent context switches
Fast learner with ability to be self-directed and a focus on execution
Manufacturing experience and exposure to working with contract manufacturers

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $130.00 - $140.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Embedded software: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline (or equivalent experience).
 2+ years of professional front end development.
 Skilled with common front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JS, TypeScript, and Node
 Experience in one or more relevant front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, Vue, etc.
 A willingness to dive deep, experiment rapidly and get things done



  Job summary
   We are looking for a passionate Front-End Engineer (FEE) to join our team as we build new Alexa tools and services that encourage developers to explore the world of ambient intelligence. 
  
 The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics forecasts that job opportunities for computer science workers will grow 13% between 2020 and 2030. As part of our team, you will own the UI/UX experience and work with our engineers to help build innovative solutions that use Alexa to teach the principles of computer science through Alexa. You will encourage bold exploration of interactions and experiments that push innovation and use these learnings to bolster the foundation of best practice reference design patterns that foster a consistent, efficient, and familiar cross-product experience.
  
 Key job responsibilities
   As a member of tour team, your responsibilities will include:
  

 Designing and implementing critical components of UI and building new interfaces
 Integrating your work with existing architectures, developing and testing code
 Working with front-end and back-end team members, and product managers to manage the day-to-day development and engineering activities, participating in designs, design review, code review, and implementation
 Engaging and working with customers and dependencies to ensure the quality delivery
 Maintaining current technical knowledge to support rapidly changing technology, always on a look out for new technologies, and work with the team in bringing in new technologies





Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
 Experience building scalable front-end infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.
 Proficient in a broad range of software design approaches and common UX patterns. Knows when (and when not) to use front-end software design patterns
 Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices.
 Ability to articulate the benefits and challenges of depending on front-end libraries, frameworks, and tool-sets.
 Ability to decompose a problem into clear software and UX design actions.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 



Announcement



      Details 
     





Open Date


         05/17/2022
        




Requisition Number


         PRN30578B
        




Job Title


         Associate Software Developer
        




Working Title


         Associate Software Developer
        




Job Grade


         E
        




FLSA Code


         Computer Employee
        




Patient Sensitive Job Code?


         No
        




Standard Hours per Week


         40
        




Full Time or Part Time?


         Full Time
        




Shift


         Day
        




Work Schedule Summary



Monday – Friday
100% telecommuting position
Utah Residents Preferred








VP Area


         U of U Health - Academics
        




Department


         01828 - Univ Faculty Info & Support
        




Location


         Campus
        




City


         Salt Lake City, UT
        




Type of Recruitment


         External Posting
        




Pay Rate Range


         56,000 to 64,000 starting, Depending on qalifications
        




Close Date






Open Until Filled


         Yes
        




Job Summary



          Codes software applications to adhere to designs supporting internal business requirements or external customers. Standardizes the quality assurance procedure for software. Oversees testing and develops fixes.
          


          This is an entry level position with a built-in career path. The candidates we seek should have a deep interest in building their skills and knowledge, and a curiosity about the field of software development. Our team will help you grow into a full-stack web developer and give you hands on experience with cutting edge technologies and frameworks.
          

About University Faculty Information & Support

           University Faculty Information & Support provides administrative applications and support to leadership across all colleges at the University of Utah including University of Utah Health Academics (non-clinical). Our information systems and integration with other institutional data sources allow us to provide comprehensive management of financial data, financial processes, faculty data and faculty-centric processes in support of the various missions of the university.
          

Benefits

           The University of Utah offers extremely competitive benefits including
         

An out-of-this-world 401(a) retirement program
Top quality Health, Vision, and Dental with rock-bottom premiums and co-pays. (it pays to work for an organization that has their own health care system)
Access to the University’s athletic and fitness facilities






Responsibilities


Problem Solving

           Has knowledge of standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision. A certain degree of creativity and latitude required. Reports to a software development manager and works on project teams as assigned.
         







Minimum Qualifications


         Requires a bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalency and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
         
 Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.
        




Preferences


Computer Science graduate or soon-to-graduate from the University of Utah.
Some experience with web design and databases is preferred.
Curiosity!
A desire to learn, grow, and build new skills.





Type


         Benefited Staff
        




Special Instructions Summary






Additional Information



The University of Utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds and possess a strong commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.





Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. Upon request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.





The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, genetic information, or protected veteran’s status. The University does not discriminate on the basis of sex in the education program or activity that it operates, as required by Title IX and 34 
CFR
 part 106. The requirement not to discriminate in education programs or activities extends to admission and employment. Inquiries about the application of Title IX and its regulations may be referred to the Title IX Coordinator, to the Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, or both.





To request a reasonable accommodation for a disability or if you or someone you know has experienced discrimination or sexual misconduct including sexual harassment, you may contact the Director/Title IX Coordinator in the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action:





Director/ Title IX Coordinator


Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action (
OEO
/AA)


135 Park Building


Salt Lake City, UT 84112


801-581-8365


oeo@utah.edu


Online reports may be submitted at 
oeo.utah.edu


To inquire about this posting, email: 
employment@utah.edu
 or call 801-581-2300.






The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems (“URS”). Eligible new hires with prior 
URS
 service, may elect to enroll in 
URS
 if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from 
URS
 are subject to URS’ post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.





This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.













Company Description: 

Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specialises in the delivery of unique, personalised customer experiences across platforms and devices. We call it ‘people-based’ marketing, and with over 25 years’ experience, we are proud to be recognised as a Global leader.
 Merkle’s heritage in data, technology and analytics is the foundation for our understanding of consumer insights that drives our people-based marketing strategies. With our expertise, we can offer our clients content-driven, contextual and compelling customer journeys and experiences that drive business growth.
 With our Head Office in Columbia, Maryland and offices US wide, we continue to grow at a rapid rate across Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network, one of the world’s biggest Global media companies.
 Diversity is embedded in who we are and all that we do: our mindset, our solutions, and in our teams to empower an inclusive, equitable environment. We put our people at the center, creating space for growth, understanding and learning so they can thrive. Our differences make us richer and enable stronger relationships with each other and foster greater impact for our clients. We engage with our communities to drive positive social impact by fostering equity and working to create a digital society that works for all.



Job Description: 

Due to growth of our client base we have an exciting new opportunity for an individual with a keen interest in HTML to join us as a Junior Email Developer. We are a Digital Marketing agency; in this role, you will learn and become responsible for execution of our clients’ email marketing campaigns using a variety of leading industry tools, in particular IBM Silverpop.
 The Digital team are big advocates of animated gifs and will help ensure that you are taught how to create these using Adobe Photoshop as well as creating online surveys and landing pages.
 The role will give you the opportunity to work across a range of large client accounts and campaign types. The suitable candidate will either have recently completed a relevant degree with experience using HTML, or have some base level work experience using HTML looking for a next move.

 You will be trained by email experts and will learn to create mobile optimized emails from scratch so digital will be your passion!
 There will be regular time for innovation – the team share concepts and ideas and put them to practice to ensure they are the fore front of email innovation
 Conferences such as the Litmus Conference are attended by members of the team
 External and internal training will be offered in the area’s you wish to develop




Qualifications: 


Working knowledge of HTML either through a recent degree or work experience; this is a junior/trainee role in the team so we seek a basic knowledge and keen interest in developing HTML skills
 Proven ability to learn new skills quickly
 Ability to demonstrate drive, proactivity and reliability
 Strong attention to detail: ensuring work is produced to the highest standard and error free




Additional Information: 

For individuals assigned to and/or hired in Colorado, the anticipated salary range for this position is $50,000 - $60,000, which is based on a wide range of factors that include relevant experience, knowledge, skills and other job-related qualifications. Pay ranges in locations other than Colorado may differ based on labor market wage rates in those locations. A range of medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, paid time off, and/or other benefits also are available. For more information regarding dentsu benefits, please visit https://dentsubenefitsplus.com/
 Employees from diverse or underrepresented backgrounds encouraged to apply. Dentsu (the "Company") is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruiting@dentsuaegis.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company to which you are applying.






More Information:
Our Culture: Merkle’s energy and personality lives through everything we say and do. Learn all about what defines our people and our vibe.
Students & Recent Graduates: Start your career at Merkle and get on the path to success.
Experienced Hires: Leverage your expertise, challenge the status quo and grow your career at Merkle.


Job Summary
We're looking for an experienced full-time IBM i Cobol Developer with practical experience working with embedded SQL in COBOL and familiarity with SYNON development environment.
Prime candidates will also have;
- Experience with COBOL current versions on IBM i.
- Practical experiences with embedded SQL in COBOL.
- Experience with modernization topics and projects (code, UI and DB).
- Some experience with SYNON.
- Agricultural industry experience is a plus.
This is a remote, work-from-home position; however it may require client visits once or twice annually. The salary range for this position is $105,000 to $115,000.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $100,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Flexible schedule

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Must be vaccinated for onsite travel (once or twice annually)
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



About Swiftlane
Swiftlane is an early stage, VC funded startup based out of San Francisco. We are a strong team of over 30 members, working on creating a very unique and modern experience for building security. Swiftlane provides the ability to open doors using just face recognition. Swiftlane’s products allow visitors to start two video intercoms from a door, to a person and remotely unlock doors. It’s designed to modernize the access control experience for offices and large apartment buildings. Our founding team built many great experiences at companies like Facebook, Instagram, and Lyft Self driving team.
Job Description | Software Engineer: Frontend
Are you interested in working on an early stage startup in San Francisco, with a team of strong talented engineers in a fast paced environment? Every day you would get to make key technical decisions and design and implement complex systems from scratch. Here are some examples of projects you would work on:
What You Would Do

Develop on a modern admin dashboard against React, Redux, Typescript
 Work on modern technologies like webrtc video calling, browser push notifications, completely responsive designs
 Develop a modern marketing website using React, Gatsby, GraphQL
 Work alongside a strong backend and design team

Required Technical Skills

Robust knowledge of JavaScript required
 3+ years experience with React
 2+ years experience with Typescript
 Strong Experience with Redux, React-Thunk, Webpack, React hooks, SASS
 Desire to develop clean, reusable, modular front end application code
 Experience developing single page apps in either React, Vue, Angular. We use React.js.
 Knowledge of video chats and WebRTC is a plus
 Experience in working with real time systems using websockets is a plus
 Experience in full stack and backend development (nodejs, python) is a strong plus
 Ability to move fast and deliver on your project to completion and iterate
 Ability to write well tested code
 Understanding of GitHub and git based workflow
 Experience in building machine learning / deep learning models or platform is a strong added bonus

Non Technical Skills
High sense of ownership and desire to build an incredible product.
Ability to communicate and articulate effectively in English with team members across the globe. We look for effectiveness around written and verbal communication, and less about how fast you can speak.
It’s important that you take initiative to make things better, constantly improving the code base as well as overall system reliability.
It’s important that you are looking to have a personal impact through your work, inside the company.
Interested and flexibility to work as a remote engineer. Open to working with PST time zone overlap.
Apply
To apply for this position, send an email to contact@swiftlane.com with the link to this job posting and a little information about yourself. We look forward to talking with you!



Cerner is elated to hire a Software Engineer I. As a Software Engineer I, you will write and configure code for new and upgraded solutions in accordance with technical specifications. In this role you will, write code, test and debug new software, make enhancements to existing software from clear requirements, participate in code reviews and identify basic issues or deviations from best practices and develop knowledge of assigned solution, technologies, development processes and ecosystem.
Working Environment
Hybrid or Remote
This position offers a Hybrid or Remote working environment. Meaning if you live within a metro area of a Cerner office, you will split working time between a Cerner office and remote. If you are not within a metro area of a Cerner office, you can live and work in your current geographical location and work primarily remote. #LI-Hybrid #Remote
Back to Description
Cerner Jobs and Careers
Engineering & Technology
Innovation occurs everywhere but maybe you are also looking for a purpose. Nothing is more impactful than improving the health of others. Develop cutting edge technologies that have real meaning.
Additional Information
Working Environment Hybrid or Remote

Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: No

Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
At least 4 years total combined completed higher education and related work experience, including:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering or related field
Expectations:
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations
Work in accordance with corporate and organizational security policies and procedures, understand personal role in safeguarding corporate and client assets, and take appropriate action to prevent and report any compromises of security within scope of position
Perform other responsibilities as assigned
Applicants for U.S. based positions with Cerner Corporation must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

As a condition of employment, all US-based employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless a medical or religious exemption is approved.

Some Cerner positions may be obligated to comply with additional client-facing requirements and occupational health requests, including but not limited to, an immunization set, an annual flu shot, an annual TB screen, an updated background check, and/or an updated drug screen.
Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries.

Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace.

  Company Description
   At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
 At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that.
 Our technology helped people put a man on the moon. We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
 Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
 We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
 Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.



  Job Description
   Western Digital is looking for a computer engineer or electrical engineer with software expertise to help grow our business by developing software based tools for improving the productivity of our storage platforms electrical engineering team.
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
 In this role, you will be responsible for developing software tools used by electrical engineers to facilitate more efficient development of enterprise class storage enclosures and storage servers. The tools you will develop will include, among other things, web-based applications, device automation, data collection and analysis and data management and recording. In this role you will have the opportunity to work from low level hardware interfaces up to system-to-system API’s.
 You will be working with electronic design engineers, system engineers and architects on developing test automation for product validation, debug, part qualifications and other automation needs. You will also have an opportunity to work in the electrical engineering lab using standard test equipment, your software automation, and existing WD storage enclosures and servers to assist in the development of new products.



  Qualifications
   REQUIRED:
 As a successful candidate you will have the following required skills, knowledge, and experience:

 BS or MS in Electrical or Computer Engineering
 Solid understanding of electrical circuit design, able to read and understand schematics
 Skilled at using standard electronic lab test equipment such as oscilloscopes, DMMs, and signal generators.
 Proficiency in Python.
 Proficiency in Linux
 Skilled at using the Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
 Be well organized with strong attention to detail
 Very strong verbal and written communication skills
 Willingness to work individually, and as a team member, to ensure commitments are met
 Ability to accept guidance from peers and negotiate effectively to reach common goal

 The following qualifications are desired but not required:

 Experience with the following software languages and tools: Web services (Java script, XML) HTML, Flask, MySQL, Bash, C/C++, GIT, Jira, Ansible, AWX, YAML
 Experience developing software to remotely control electronic test equipment
 Technical understanding of SAS, SATA, NVMe, PCIe and NVMe-OF standards and implementations

 Additional Information
   Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster.
 Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.
 Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.

 Compensation & Benefits Details

 An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
 The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado or remote jobs that can be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future.
 You will also be eligible to participate in Western Digital's Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan and to receive equity awards under our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the terms of these programs. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
 Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.


COVID-19 continues to significantly impact our employees, families and communities. With employee health and safety as our top priority, and as a federal contractor, Lockheed Martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty COVID-19 variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security.

To uphold safety for all employees, we will continue to request vaccination status for all Lockheed Martin employees including new hires. All current and newly hired employees are required to follow onsite safety measures based upon the COVID-19 Community Level at the specific work location.
Description:Become part of the Future of IT at Lockheed Martin as a Delivery Contributor within the IT Asset Management organization! This dynamic, fast-paced environment is embracing agile to enable our strategic goals. The IT Asset Management team is seeking a software developer to be a part of the Systems team. This team is instrumental in Asset management application administration and application development supporting enhancement and automation for asset management applications. This role will report to the LM IT Asset Management Systems team.
The Systems Delivery Team mission includes (but is not limited to) creating/enhancing data architecture, enforcing data policies, increasing automation, creating/unifying dashboard, producing standard reports/KPIs, systems management, creating/maintaining system interfaces, and analyzing IT Asset Management system lifecycles.
As a member of the Systems team, the Software Developer will implement solutions leveraging the ServiceNow platform that are simple, intuitive, easy to use, and allows customers to extend and customize the functionality to meet their specific business needs. In addition, the Software Developer will support SQL Database administration.
While it is preferred that this person be based at a major Lockheed Martin location, other locations, including fully remote, will be considered. This could be a fully telecommuting position.
Basic Qualifications:
Develop across the full stack of Web technologies -Java, JavaScript, HTML and CSS
Ability to translate requirements/stories and mock-ups into fully functional features by working closely with the implementation project team
Work in a Scrum-based, Agile development process that is light on documentation and meetings and heavy on coding
Experience configuring the Application UI and workflows
Attend, participate, and occasionally lead Scrum meetings
Desired Skills:
ServiceNow Administration
ServiceNow Development
ServiceNow Hardware Asset Management
ITAM certifications such as CSAM, CHAMP, CITAD, etc.

ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA)
ServiceNow Certified Implementation Specialist
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional



    First and foremost, Kyruuvians care deeply about our vision to enable human beings to care for human beings, our mission, and our CORE values:
   


 Caring – We care about doing the right thing, in the right way, every time.
Ownership – We own both our successes and our mistakes, taking responsibility and always learning how to be better.
Respect – We respect and celebrate the individual traits that enable each of us, our customers, our providers, and our patients, to be the best that we can be.
Empowerment – We embrace a culture that supports everyone’s ability to contribute and lead.



 Here’s what that would mean for you in the 
    Software Engineer I role.
   



Caring

 You’ll work closely with customer-facing employees on other teams to understand the needs of our customers, and set up our platform to provide the best experience for them and the patients they serve.





Ownership

 Your typical day will include attending Agile standups, writing configuration files, using internal tools like Jenkins, testing your changes, and reviewing others’ changes. You’ll make improvements to our data pipeline, infrastructure and tools to improve our data processing capabilities for all of our customers. You’ll participate in and contribute to Agile team activities. You’ll triage work assigned to the team, ensure it’s ready to be worked on, and estimate the level of effort. You’ll apply Kyruus’ software engineering best practices, coding standards and patterns for development and deployment. You’ll investigate alerts about possible errors in our system. You’ll help solve outages, participate in retrospectives, and implement countermeasures to prevent similar issues from recurring. You’ll create tools and documentation for internal teams like Delivery to understand how our systems work and to enable them to onboard customers in a timely manner with minimal support from Engineering. You’ll report to the Senior Manager, Engineering in the Customer Onboarding Department within the R&D - Engineering Division.





Respect

 How You’ll Use Your Professional Skills You’ll use your entry level experience (1+ years) and/or education in programming to: Help the Agile team execute on internal and external commitments on time. You’ll use your experience in/familiarity with technologies relevant to Kyruus to: Build, scale, and deliver dynamic and highly-available enterprise solutions. Think creatively about how to use technology and tools to solve problems faced by our users and customers. You’ll use your critical thinking skills to: Escalate issues to your Agile team in a timely manner. Troubleshoot issues and debug code to find the root cause of issues and develop countermeasures to address them.





Empowerment

 How You’ll Know You’re Succeeding You enjoy coding and deliver high-quality, robustly coded, easy-to-reason-about software with your proficiency in Python and ability to use data manipulation tools like JMESPath. You complete your tasks reliably and on time to help the team achieve roadmap goals and customer commits. You test your changes thoroughly to ensure that your solution meets the acceptance criteria and does not introduce bugs. You ask for help when you’re blocked and invest in learning from mentors and seek training opportunities to improve your skills as a software engineer. You are assigned tasks of increasing levels of complexity that you’re able to complete with growing confidence. You contribute to improving your team’s software development and deployment processes and are able to demonstrate a high degree of predictability and accountability in delivering your work. Where You’ll Go From Here Kyruuvians in the Software Engineer I role can move in a linear career path to a Software Engineer II or based on skills, performance, and results accomplished to Senior Software Engineer I position. From the Senior Software Engineer position, you can choose to develop along one of two tracks - individual contributor, as a Principal Software Engineer I, or management, as a Manager, Engineering. Kyruus also loves to see an internal transfer. If a linear career path is not what you’re looking for, you can work with your manager and HR to explore lateral moves to other parts of the organization as you continue to grow with us.





Equal Opportunity Employer 




    Kyruus is dedicated to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information. We will not discriminate, in any employment decision, against any individual or group on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, or veterans/national guard/military reserve status. This shall be done in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws in every location in which Kyruus has facilities.
   





7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams
 Experience partnering with product OR program management teams
 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers
 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams
 Experience partnering with product OR program management teams
 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers
 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field plus five years of progressively responsible experience in the specialty as equivalent
 3+ years of experience managing a team of software development professionals within a distributed systems environment.




  Job summary
   Work hard, have fun, and make history at Amazon Web Services!
  
 Kumo (pronounced ‘Koo-mo’, the Japanese word for "cloud") is the global product and engineering organization for AWS Support. Kumo provides software and technology services that intelligently anticipate and resolve AWS customer needs, helping them adopt, optimize and operate within the AWS cloud at scale. Kumo’s products, used by AWS customers and the internal Amazonian Support teams that help them, are vital to ensuring exceptional customer experiences on AWS. We aim to identify our customers’ needs across all AWS services before they do, and seamlessly deliver the most appropriate resolution for those needs, fulfilling the vision of a self-healing cloud over time. We have a broad portfolio of both customer-facing and internal services, including AWS Trusted Advisor, AWS Health, Automation, Recommendations & Insights, AWS Support Center, AWS Knowledge center, and many more.
  
 The AWS Kumo team is searching for an innovative, passionate, and customer-focused Software Development Manager with a track record of delivery. It is a green field role in the Automation and Recommendations space, where you will come in and will (1) establish the vision, (2) build the roadmap, and (3) build a team of scientists and engineers to deliver on this vision. 
  
 Inclusive Team Culture
   Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences.
  
 Work/Life Balance
   Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
  
 Mentorship & Career Growth
   Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
  
 Key job responsibilities
  

 Build a world-class team by hiring, coaching and developing exceptional talent, cultivating pragmatic decision-making, and leveraging your technical expertise to constantly raise the bar
 Think big and working with leadership team, business stakeholders and engineering and science teams to define vision, strategy and requirements
 Deliver results by leading a cross-functional team of software engineers and scientists to driving execution of programs from design to rollout
 Communicate effectively with senior management as well as with colleagues from business, engineering, and science backgrounds
 Own all business and operational metrics for your team’s software

 About the team
   The AWS Kumo team provides technology and trusted expertise that intelligently anticipate and resolve AWS customer needs, helping them adopt, optimize, and operate at scale. Kumo’s products, used by AWS customers and the support teams that help them, are vital to ensuring exceptional customer experiences on AWS. We aim to identify every need of customers across all AWS services before they do, and seamlessly connect them to the most appropriate resolution for their need, eventually fulfilling the vision of a self-healing cloud. We have unfettered curiosity and drive to help build “best in the world” support experiences that customers will love! We are inventing and designing tech that will directly impact every customer across all AWS services. Our industry-leading technology cuts across a wide range of ML techniques from Natural Language Understanding to Deep Learning. Our team packs a punch with principal level engineering, science, product, and leadership talent. We combine the culture of a startup, the innovation and creativity of an R&D Lab, the work-life balance of a mature organization, and technical challenges at the scale of AWS. We offer a playground of opportunities for builders to build, have fun, and make history!
 



Experience working with both Software Development Engineers and Machine Learning Scientists or Applied Scientists
 Track record of delivering large scale software systems on time.
 Strong problem solving skills: Experience using problem solving and analytical skills to solve business problems and drive process improvements
 Have been successful working across organizational boundaries, bringing together people with diverse perspectives and experience to find solutions.
 Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills

 The base pay range for this position in Colorado is $184877 - $250,128/yr; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 


Piper Companies is seeking a REMOTE DevOps Engineer for a direct placement opportunity for a growing organization on the east coast. The DevOps Engineer will provide support for new automation efforts and initiatives and will lead the development and execution of efficient product delivery and quality.

 Responsibilities for the Remote DevOps Engineer include:

 Plan, implement and grow the AWS cloud infrastructure
 Build/release/manage the configuration of all production systems with Terraform
 Handle server deployments and implement scalable software services
 Develop CI/CD pipelines and recommend improvements


 Qualifications for the Remote DevOps Engineer include:

 3+ years of hands-on Cloud engineer experience preferably with AWS
 Strong understanding of Linux/Unix system administration
 Expertise with Terraform and ARM templates
 Strong scripting abilities and understanding of monitoring solutions
 US Citizenship required


 Compensation for the Remote DevOps Engineer includes:

 Salary Range: $100-140K based on experience/job site
 Full Benefits: United Healthcare, Guardian Dental, VSP Vision, 401K with ADP, and PTO/holidays

 Work Authorization: US Citizenship Required


Job Title:  Email Developer, Contract
Location: This is a remote position.
Job Status: This is a part-time contract position that is expected to last 18-24 months.
Pay: $2,000-3,500 paid monthly
Requirements:
· Minimum of 2 years of html coding experience; or equivalent combination of appropriate education and experience in html and email design and development. Experience designing images using Photoshop preferred. Experience creating unique email experiences preferred.
· Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Job Details:
· Responsible for designing and editing images. Experience with GIFs a plus, but not required.
· Responsible for deciding what template would be best for each email experience and using information accordingly.
· Code responsive emails in html files, experience with Act-on a plus but not required.
· Ability to maintain multiple simultaneous projects at once preferred.
· Knowledge of current email trends, limitations, requirements standards and laws required.
· Perform other duties as assigned.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $2,000.00 - $3,500.00 per month
Work Location: Remote


WHAT IS KIDSTRONG?
 At KidStrong, we help parents build stronger, smarter, more athletic kids. KidStrong is a milestone-accelerator for kids walking through 11 years old. We help parents discover their child’s superpowers and build future-ready kids who are confident in making friends, running the playground, and raising their hand high in the classroom. In other words… helping kids win at life!
  
 Our technology team consists largely of folks with years of gaming industry experience ready to apply their collective experience to making the world better.
  
WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU?

Use your industry development experience in an environment that strives to improve the lives of our customers while maintaining the work-life balance of our team.
Experience diverse challenges as you work on multiple different applications and platforms.
Be part of a very fast-growing company doing social good.
Collaborate with other experienced developers and mentor promising new talent.
Enjoy a collaborative, supportive environment.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

KidStrong is seeking a Server Engineer to join our growing technology team - this will be a fully remote position!
This person would be intimately familiar with writing HTTP request handlers, have a good understanding of the HTTP protocol (1.1 and ideally 2), and a strong understanding of networking in general.
This person would have a good understanding of algorithmic complexity and backend scalability.
Adapt continually in a rapidly changing environment
Foster and maintain a positive culture and work environment

QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum of 3+ of years of experience as a Server Engineer
Experience using Google Cloud Platform, Azure, AWS, or a similar platform to develop and deploy web services
Experience working with and maintaining databases (such as Firestore, MongoDB, or PostgreSQL)
Experience creating and deploying Docker images

NICE-TO-HAVES:

Experience with Go, Typescript, or Rust (preferably Go)
Experience managing cloud services using tools such as Terraform
Strong knowledge of networking and the HTTP protocol
Experience with gRPC

This franchise is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. Your application will go directly to the franchisee, and all hiring decisions will be made by the management of this franchisee. All inquiries about employment at this franchisee should be made directly to the franchise location, and not to KidStrong Corporate.



  Overview: 
  
    As the 
   Sr Software Engineer, you will be working independently or leads teams of 2-4 people responsible for application design, development, testing, and problem resolution work teams with significant autonomy and independence. The scope of work includes small system enhancements to major system projects. As an experienced developer and a beginning technical leader the position receives regular mentoring, feedback, and supervision by senior technical staff and management on team leadership skills.
  


 Applications may include custom developed software, commercial packaged software, or open-source software. Software may consist of on premise applications, cloud-based software and services, hybrid configurations, integration tools, or business workflow tools.
  


 This position has the ability to work remotely in any of the 40+ States in which TDS Telecom operates.
  


 This position can be hired at either a Sr Software Engineer or Lead Software Engineer depending on the skills and qualifications of the candidate. Different job postings exist for each of these positions. Please reference each job posting for the minimum qualifications required for each role.
   Responsibilities: 
  
Leads teams of 2-4 people that develop, test, and fix defects in application software.
 Leads the preparation of overall application software designs at the system level.
 Leads work teams in preparing work estimates and project schedules for all technical work for the projects within the team.
 Leads work teams in resolving complex problems that usually are limited to one system.
 Maintains expert knowledge on the systems and tools within the scope of the team's responsibility. Maintains expert knowledge of the business processes supported by the systems. Maintains expert-level knowledge of software development best practices, tools, and methodologies that are recognized throughout Information Systems.
 Leads teams focused on quality and continuous improvement initiatives across business units within the company.
 Maintains expert knowledge of the technologies and practices of the company's chosen markets. Maintains awareness of trends in technologies and vendor product offerings.
 Qualifications: 
  
 Required Qualifications


 Associate's degree (or higher) –OR- 2+ years professional work experience.
 3+ years experience in software development or testing.


 Other Qualifications


 Knowledge of software development methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of project management methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of one more programming languages used by the team.
 Knowledge of software testing practices and tools.
 Knowledge of problem solving techniques and tools.
 Ability to travel as needed for company business and professional development.
 Ability to work nights and weekends as needed for system implementations and resolving system problems.
 Knowledge of business analysis practices and business process modeling.
 Knowledge of quality management and quality improvement practices.
 Knowledge of team leadership skills, practices, and behaviors.


 Benefits


    As a part of your total compensation, #TDS provides a comprehensive, competitive benefit package. This benefit plan addresses both the immediate and long-term needs that you and your family may have. For an overview of what we have to offer for full-time employees including vacation, health benefits, and retirement options, please click here.
  


 At TDS, we embrace Equal Employment Opportunity by valuing our differences and consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by law. To learn about our diversity & inclusion philosophy and culture, click here!
  


About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Full Stack Software Engineer to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics with fully remote work setup. In this role, you will be developing the amazing features that power our robust and scalable SaaS platform, building an API, consuming an API, and scaling an API.The Responsibilities

Implement scalable PHP APIs, services and solutions from concept to production as part of a focused product team
Engage in all aspects of the software development process, including design, development, testing, deployment, code reviews, debugging, and documentation
Collaborate directly with customers and third-party partners to engineer custom-fitting solutions within the context of our product
Write clean, reusable and quality code, adhering to best practices (and contribute towards continuous improvement of those practices)
Optimize existing software for improved efficiency
Collaborate with other Engineers to ensure the right event data is provided in the right format

The Requirements

3+ years of experience with software development in full stack technologies
1+ years experience with PHP (Strongly preferred)
1+ years experience with MySQL or similar technology
1+ years experience with HTML/JS/CSS (AngularJS and Bootstrap 3 are a bonus)
Strong grasp of software engineering fundamentals and design principles.
Comfortable with using Linux and git
Ability to perform time and memory complexity analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including strong technical presentation skills
BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

E9FZHR5dPu
Job Type: Full-time


The Company
Spot AI was formed by engineers from Stanford, Cisco Meraki, and Samsara, with the mission of visually indexing the physical world and making that data useful to everyone at work.
 With an easy-to-use AI camera system, Spot AI unlocks the power of video data, transforming that into Video Intelligence that helps companies improve their security, safety, efficiency, and more.
 In the world of Video Surveillance, security pros would access systems once in a few months to catch the bad guy. In the new world of Video Intelligence, everyone at work - including operations pros, environmental health and safety, security, and the frontline workforce - will all use video intelligence to make better decisions every day.
 Spot AI has been quietly building its technology and customer base since founding in 2018, and already has hundreds of customers and thousands of users. Notably, its customers reach well beyond tech early adopters, including transportation company Cheeseman, Mixt, and Northland Cold Storage.
 In 2021, Spot AI scaled bookings 10x and is continuing to grow aggressively. Backed by Redpoint, Bessemer, and Village Global, Spot AI is well-positioned to disrupt the $30b video surveillance market and lead the $100b Video Intelligence movement.
 The Role
 Spot AI's AI/Workflows team is looking for a full stack engineer to join our small but growing team of world-class engineers working on the core UX of our customer dashboard. As a member of the AI/Workflows team, you will own features that impact the customer experience from day one. Our customers count on the dashboard to quickly onboard their devices and view live or on-demand video at the click of a button.
 Our frontend technology stack includes Typescript, React, TailwindCSS, Node.js, and GraphQL.
 Our backend technology stack includes Golang, Typescript, Node.js, Postgres, BigTable, Apollo GraphQL, Docker, and Kubernetes.
 What Excites You

Creating high quality UIs that enhance the customer experience
Learning about customer problems and directly solving them with your work
Working at a rapidly growing early stage startup with significant impact on the company's processes, culture, and product
Collaborating with a small, distributed team of experienced developers

What You'll Do

Build and own features end-to-end
Ship fast and iterate with 2 week sprints and daily code commits
Help define and improve best practices, standards, tooling, and processes
Work closely with Product Owners and UX Designers to drive the design and implementation of key features
Work with Technical Support and Customer Success teams to solve key customer pain points
Collaborate with a globally distributed team to deliver a best-in-class frontend and backend experience

What We're Looking For

3+ years of shipping complex, production quality web applications
Modern frontend framework engineering experience
Ability to write well designed, tested, and maintainable code
Curiosity and willingness to jump into unfamiliar codebases
Strong sense of UX design
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Familiarity with defining and implementing GraphQL server APIs
Experience using Git, Jira, and Linux

Bonus Skills

Familiarity with in browser video frameworks and technologies such as hls.js, shaka, WebRTC, etc.
Backend development in Node.js and/or Golang
Experience building and maintaining production systems at scale
Knowledge of SQL and/or NoSQL databases
Experience with pub/sub messaging or event streaming frameworks
Familiarity with devops and infrastructure management

Our Values
 Create Value: (1) Work backwards from the customer's goals (2) Keep it simple (3) Be curious
 Make Decisions: (1) Bias towards action (2) Focus on getting it right, not on being right (3) Bet on the long term
 Work with Others: (1) Own your outcomes (2) Help your team (3) Communicate openly and deliberately
 What We Offer

Base salary: $140k - $190k
Competitive salary + startup equity
Medical, dental and vision coverage
401K with employer match
14 Weeks of paid parental leave
Learning and development opportunities
Remote flexibility
Work from home stipend to set-up home office

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.



Company Description  It all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, instantly available and universally accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.  Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.  Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are.   Check out our locations, benefits and more at cash.app/careers.


  Job Description
   About Health
 Cash App has grown rapidly to 70+ million users moving billions of dollars daily. To support this, we are building out Health — a new Platform organization responsible for product experiences aimed at promoting the health of the increasingly complex Cash App ecosystem. Health works to improve Cash App access for our customers, while limiting access for bad or unauthorized users by detecting and preventing improper use across all of our core product areas. The teams under Health creating these mission critical services and products include Identity, Access, Risk Controls and Support Automation.
 We appreciate broad perspectives, a willingness to dive deep, and a readiness to work collaboratively across many disciplines (including product, design, operations, legal, data science, ML).
 About Identity
 The Identity team's mission is to create a customer identity framework that can help support Cash App's growth, while maintaining high levels of customer trust. We work with some of our customers' most sensitive data, and we take privacy and security seriously. As a server engineer on the Identity team, you will work on systems that allow our customers to gain access to the global financial system. The contributions you make on this team will be used by millions of people globally.
 As a Senior Software Engineer on Health Identity, you will:

 Design, build and support the core systems used to manage identity on Cash App
 Break existing monoliths into event-driven microservices
 Help define and implement an expanding roadmap
 Build and design an identity platform that is scalable, secure, and elegant
 Creatively solve challenging technical problems at scale




  Qualifications
   You have:

 8+ years working on complex systems and delivering quality software
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Worked on systems where data consistency and availability is required
 Taken technical initiative on previous projects
 Experience working collaboratively in cross-functional teams
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience

 Technologies we use and teach:

 Java 11 including JUnit, Hibernate, Guice, and Jersey
 Kotlin
 HTTP, JSON, gRPC, and Protocol Buffers
 MySQL
 Amazon Web Services
 Event-driven architecture

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


Hello,
As an UI Software Engineer, you will partner with the Product, Operations, Design, and Editorial teams to bring NBC News Digital content to life. You will be a significant influence on our product roadmap, bringing a technical and strategic perspective. You will work alongside fellow inspired developers in a fast-paced environment using technologies like React.js, Sass etc to help shape the future of digital news. This role will report into the Senior Manager of Engineering, Content Management Systems.
Position: UI Software Engineer
Location: Remote
Job Length: Contract to hire
Position Type: W2
Qualifications:

JavaScript expert with 3+ years recent experience with React.js, node.js, NoSQL
Strong proficiency in CSS/Sass development and implementing responsive designs using HTML and a CSS preprocessor (SASS, PostCSS, LESS)
Experience using modular JavaScript, async patterns, and DOM manipulation
Experience with Cypress, Jest unit testing frameworks * Strong problem-solving skills, logical and creative thinking
Experience with version control

Responsibilities:
Work on the React.js codebases building features for Content Management Systems

Automate front end testing to ship the highest quality experience for our audience
Write code and tests that are understandable and maintainable
Debug effectively within their primary area to help find root cause
Provide helpful, timely code reviews
Able to identify problems with the product team and investigate potential causes.
Makes informed decisions about which tools and solutions to use for specific problems
Communicates effectively with non- technical peers
Gives timely, helpful feedback to product and managers
Able to suggest improvements to technology and tools and investigate implementations.

Please let me know if you are interested in this role
Regards,
MONISHA LNB
Talent Acquisition Associate
PRINCETON ITSERVICES
Phone : +1 609-952-6392
Webprincetonits.com | skillconnect360.com
125 Maiden Ln, Suite# 501, New York, NY 10038
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $85.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This is a C2H role can you work on W2?

Experience:

UI: 3 years (Required)
React.js, node.js, NoSQL: 3 years (Required)
CSS/Sass development: 1 year (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

firstPRO inc. is looking for a Manager of Software Engineering. This is a fully remote opportunity.
US citizens and green card holders only.
What you will do

Manage & hire a team of five to eight Software Engineers
Work closely with Product Management to align on outcomes
Conduct regular check-ins with your team
Establish and execute on training programs
Build a team-first mentality
Responsible for cultivating career growth of team members

About you

A strong communicator that inspires others
Able to identify high-value opportunities within software engineering
Passionate about helping others achieve their goals
Resourceful in time management and delegation
Trustworthy and an open communicator
Predictable, even in stressful situations

Desired skills and experience

2+ years of experience managing a Development team
5+ years of experience in Software Development
History of delivering software in an Agile framework
Experience building and maintaining software within AWS

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 4 years (Required)
Agile: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


The Company
Spot AI was formed by engineers from Stanford, Cisco Meraki, and Samsara, with the mission of visually indexing the physical world and making that data useful to everyone at work.
 With an easy-to-use AI camera system, Spot AI unlocks the power of video data, transforming that into Video Intelligence that helps companies improve their security, safety, efficiency, and more.
 In the world of Video Surveillance, security pros would access systems once in a few months to catch the bad guy. In the new world of Video Intelligence, everyone at work - including operations pros, environmental health and safety, security, and the frontline workforce - will all use video intelligence to make better decisions every day.
 Spot AI has been quietly building its technology and customer base since founding in 2018, and already has hundreds of customers and thousands of users. Notably, its customers reach well beyond tech early adopters, including transportation company Cheeseman, Mixt, and Northland Cold Storage.
 In 2021, Spot AI scaled bookings 10x and is continuing to grow aggressively. Backed by Redpoint, Bessemer, and Village Global, Spot AI is well-positioned to disrupt the $30b video surveillance market and lead the $100b Video Intelligence movement.
 The Role
 Spot AI's AI/Workflows team is looking for a full stack engineer to join our small but growing team of world-class engineers working on the core UX of our customer dashboard. As a member of the AI/Workflows team, you will own features that impact the customer experience from day one. Our customers count on the dashboard to quickly onboard their devices and view live or on-demand video at the click of a button.
 Our frontend technology stack includes Typescript, React, TailwindCSS, Node.js, and GraphQL.
 Our backend technology stack includes Golang, Typescript, Node.js, Postgres, BigTable, Apollo GraphQL, Docker, and Kubernetes.
 What Excites You

Creating high quality UIs that enhance the customer experience
Learning about customer problems and directly solving them with your work
Working at a rapidly growing early stage startup with significant impact on the company's processes, culture, and product
Collaborating with a small, distributed team of experienced developers

What You'll Do

Build and own features end-to-end
Ship fast and iterate with 2 week sprints and daily code commits
Help define and improve best practices, standards, tooling, and processes
Work closely with Product Owners and UX Designers to drive the design and implementation of key features
Work with Technical Support and Customer Success teams to solve key customer pain points
Collaborate with a globally distributed team to deliver a best-in-class frontend and backend experience

What We're Looking For

3+ years of shipping complex, production quality web applications
Modern frontend framework engineering experience
Ability to write well designed, tested, and maintainable code
Curiosity and willingness to jump into unfamiliar codebases
Strong sense of UX design
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Familiarity with defining and implementing GraphQL server APIs
Experience using Git, Jira, and Linux

Bonus Skills

Familiarity with in browser video frameworks and technologies such as hls.js, shaka, WebRTC, etc.
Backend development in Node.js and/or Golang
Experience building and maintaining production systems at scale
Knowledge of SQL and/or NoSQL databases
Experience with pub/sub messaging or event streaming frameworks
Familiarity with devops and infrastructure management

Our Values
 Create Value: (1) Work backwards from the customer's goals (2) Keep it simple (3) Be curious
 Make Decisions: (1) Bias towards action (2) Focus on getting it right, not on being right (3) Bet on the long term
 Work with Others: (1) Own your outcomes (2) Help your team (3) Communicate openly and deliberately
 What We Offer

Base salary: $140k - $190k
Competitive salary + startup equity
Medical, dental and vision coverage
401K with employer match
14 Weeks of paid parental leave
Learning and development opportunities
Remote flexibility
Work from home stipend to set-up home office

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.



Hello,
As an UI Software Engineer, you will partner with the Product, Operations, Design, and Editorial teams to bring NBC News Digital content to life. You will be a significant influence on our product roadmap, bringing a technical and strategic perspective. You will work alongside fellow inspired developers in a fast-paced environment using technologies like React.js, Sass etc to help shape the future of digital news. This role will report into the Senior Manager of Engineering, Content Management Systems.
Position: UI Software Engineer
Location: Remote
Job Length: Contract to hire
Position Type: W2
Qualifications:

JavaScript expert with 3+ years recent experience with React.js, node.js, NoSQL
Strong proficiency in CSS/Sass development and implementing responsive designs using HTML and a CSS preprocessor (SASS, PostCSS, LESS)
Experience using modular JavaScript, async patterns, and DOM manipulation
Experience with Cypress, Jest unit testing frameworks * Strong problem-solving skills, logical and creative thinking
Experience with version control

Responsibilities:
Work on the React.js codebases building features for Content Management Systems

Automate front end testing to ship the highest quality experience for our audience
Write code and tests that are understandable and maintainable
Debug effectively within their primary area to help find root cause
Provide helpful, timely code reviews
Able to identify problems with the product team and investigate potential causes.
Makes informed decisions about which tools and solutions to use for specific problems
Communicates effectively with non- technical peers
Gives timely, helpful feedback to product and managers
Able to suggest improvements to technology and tools and investigate implementations.

Please let me know if you are interested in this role
Regards,
MONISHA LNB
Talent Acquisition Associate
PRINCETON ITSERVICES
Phone : +1 609-952-6392
Webprincetonits.com | skillconnect360.com
125 Maiden Ln, Suite# 501, New York, NY 10038
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $85.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This is a C2H role can you work on W2?

Experience:

UI: 3 years (Required)
React.js, node.js, NoSQL: 3 years (Required)
CSS/Sass development: 1 year (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
At GrayMatter, our goal is to transform operations and empower people. As digital transformations in every industry are underway, we partner with some of the largest companies in the world to help harness their data and use it to work smarter. After all, the industry is buzzing with talk of how to leverage the power of Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT) and the Industrial Internet. We provide innovative, data-driven technology solutions for the industry’s most complex problems. Our customers lean on us to protect and connect their critical assets with their people, so every operator is empowered to be the best operator.

And that’s where you come in.

GrayMatter is dedicated to creating a team that has the best talent our industries have to offer. Our organizational cultures express a team-oriented environment, and encourages a successful future with vast learning opportunities. Our team understands that our core values are critical to our success and make our company stand above the rest. Accountability, Integrity, Respect, Innovation and Teamwork make up our DNA.

Everyday, our team is doing amazing things such as:
Protecting the nation’s water supply
Improving US manufacturing operations
Monitoring the nation’s power and oil & gas production
Keeping our critical infrastructure safe from cyber attacks
Can you see yourself doing this every day? Joining our team means being a part of a culture that lives by its core values. Our goal is to make a difference where it counts.
GrayMatter is an Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Private Company for 6 years in a row, an Inc. Best Workplaces recipient, as well as a Pittsburgh Technology Council Tech 50 and Pittsburgh Business Times Fast 50 award winning company

We're looking for an Automation Engineer, with specific experience with GE Cimplicity, to join our team! This position will focus on managing specialized work efficiently, with confidence and competence. The position requires above average attention to details, concern for the exact correctness of work, and strong commitment to tasks completed on time. The person in this position will take work seriously, has a strong sense of duty, and is disciplined. The position will generally be task oriented, requiring someone with a conservative, careful, and cautious approach to work.

General Job Duties:
Configuring GrayMatter software and hardware for client needs with a focus on GE Cimplicity
SCADA Development
Installing PLCs and HMI applications
Designing, developing and implementing solutions to resolve customer issues
Consulting with and training end users on new applications
Assisting in project development and planning
Performing onsite pilots, testing and demos
Providing technical assistance to the sales team
Knowledge, Skills and Experience Needed:
Bachelor’s Degree in an applicable Engineering field (Electrical, Mechatronics, or comparable preferred) or Associate’s Degree with 4 years’ experience.
Experience with industrial application programming languages
At least 5 years of experience with GE Cimplicity
Excellent level of general computer technology knowledge, from gSuite and MS Office to TCP/IP configurations and more.
Acute attention to detail and process
Strong ability to solve problems and research solutions
Excellent customer service attitude
Willing and able to travelVecna Technologies, Inc. is a Healthcare IT solutions company. Our Patient Solutions product portfolio includes QC PathFinder, electronic infection surveillance software; VGo, a tele-medicine robot; Patient Information Exchange, a patient self-service platform, where patients can access and verify their demographics information, pre-register for appointments, pay bills, receive clinical messaging, and complete in-take questionnaires, anytime from any device. You can learn more by visiting www.vecnahealthcare.com
Position Summary:
We are looking for an enthusiastic developer with a strong technical background, who is eager to see their code applied to real-world problems in health care. You should know how to work as part of a self-organizing team and how to collaborate with others. You will have the opportunity to gain experience in Full Stack development, from basic requirements, through deployment and ultimately implementation.
Responsibilities
Write robust, maintainable code to fix bugs and build features.
Write unit, integration and application tests to cover your code.
Develop and follow coding conventions, architecture and best practices.
Collaborate with other developers, product owners, QA engineers, and other stakeholders across all teams working on our software.
Configure installations of our products to meet client requirements.
Determine the best method of integration with new clients or partners systems.
Translate operational requirements from clients into appropriate configuration and customization steps.
Coordinate upgrades of existing implementations to newer versions of the Patient Solutions platform.

Requirements
Experience with Java or another object-oriented language
Practical work experience developing web applications, backed with a relational database (Internships acceptable)
Experience with at least one Javascript framework, such as: Angular, React or Vue.js (Vue.js is preferred) would be a plus!
Experience with Spring or Hibernate or Struts would be a plus!

Education
Bachelor’s or advanced degree in computer science, engineering, information systems, or a related field.


Overview:



    Datatron is a cutting-edge, MLOps / ModelOps platform for machine learning model deployment, life-cycle management, and governance. Our vision is to give enterprises experience the tremendous benefits of AI by giving them state-of-the-art MLOps toolsets that are typically found in large cloud players. We are defining the future of model operations and we are just getting started. We are committed to models coming to life in production, and most importantly, staying alive and accurate.
   


    As more and more enterprise companies begin AI programs and leverage Machine Learning to help improve customer experiences and revenue, the opportunity has massive growth potential. Datatron is primed to capitalize on this opportunity. We have built a platform that has already solved major AI/ML pain points for Fortune 100 enterprise brands like Comcast and Domino’s. Datatron helps businesses get more AI/ML models into production faster, delivering business value in less time while providing critical governance for models in production.
   


    Respected industry analysts like Gartner, who have surveyed the competitive landscape, have indicated that Datatron’s product is at the vanguard of the pack. Backed by world-class tier-1 investors. We have proven value, demonstrated by our Fortune 100 clientele. We are in a growth phase and are scaling out teams across the company.
   


 Opportunity:



    As a 
   Backend Engineer aiding in the design and development of our platform, there is no limit to the impact you can have on the business. You will be part of a talented team of engineers that demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission-critical software and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance, and security.
  




 Core Responsibilities and Technical Skills:


 Develop and maintain stateless services within a microservice architecture.
 Design and implement key components of a highly-scalable, distributed system built to handle petabytes of data.
 Analyze, implement, and support requirements from product development, ranging from traditional application development to more specialized, data science-driven features.
 Expertise in object-oriented programming languages (we use Python, Scala, Javascript).
 Strong ability with a version control system (we use git).
 Familiarity with microservice architecture and tools (we use Kubernetes, Docker).
 Strong computer science fundamentals, with a focus on performance and scalability.
 Experience developing backend components with distributed computing at scale.



 Preferred Skills:


 Self-starters who are excited by the prospect of owning, maintaining, and determining the direction for entire subsystems of a complex software platform.
 Experience with distributed key-value stores and issues affecting performance and reliability (we use Redis).
 Experience with relational database management systems (RDBMS) (we use Postgres).
 Experience using high-throughput, distributed message queuing systems (we use Kafka).
 Hands-on development with Scala, Apache Spark, and the Hadoop ecosystem in general.
 Understanding of developing distributed machine/deep learning systems.




 What We Offer:


 A culture of growth with room to learn.
 Medical/dental/vision insurance plans.
 Unlimited PTO.
 100% remote work options.
 A talented team around you is equally committed to success.
 Gym reimbursement.
 401k.


    For more info, please visit www.datatron.com
   


 Datatron is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity very highly at our company. For us, diversity is the true key to innovation, and everyone in the Datatron family is equally embraced for their unique perspective and experiences. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.



Position:  Software engineer (Tester)
Location: Remote
Employment type:  C2C
Duration:  6 months.
Responsibilities: 
1. Software engineer in test – vagrant, karate test framework and API testing in Kubernetes cluster
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $55.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Kubernetes: 5 years (Preferred)
vagrant: 3 years (Preferred)
vagrant, karate test framework and API: 4 years (Preferred)
karate: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Description:
  
 Time Investment Company is an indirect consumer finance company operating in all US states. We focus on financing the sale of water treatment, home improvement, and other products through an independent network of dealers. Approved dealers use our loan platform applications to submit consumer application for credit, receive approval on those applications, and complete the loan process.
 Full-Stack Software Developer is a key internal resource, responsible for the development and maintenance of custom software and integrations between home-grown applications, external Software As A Service- (SaaS) based platforms, and our business departments’ workflow and processes. The goal is to create and sustain efficient and automated systems that align with the company’s growth strategy.
 Full Time position.
 Salary range: $75-$85k
 Check us out for more info at www.timeinvestment.com . Requirements:
  
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Must be able to problem solve and communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing
Must possess and demonstrate the company culture, values, and behaviors
Collaborating with development team, other departments, and customers to identify and document end-user requirements and specifications
Designing algorithms and flowcharts to create new software and systems
Testing and deploying software and systems
Troubleshooting, debugging, maintaining, and improving existing software
Compiling and assessing user feedback to improve software performance
Adherence to the standardized development methodologies, Agile, DevOps, Waterfall, etc.
Ability to learn quickly and work independently or as part of a team.

 Requirements and Qualifications

Minimum of bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field required OR 2 years of experience in software development
Experience with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Knowledge or experience with .NET environment using C#, SQL, and .NET Core
Knowledge of Object-Relational Mapping frameworks
Experience with building APIs and services using REST
Experience with relational database management systems including querying, structuring, and maintenance including SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.
Experience developing unit tests and performance testing
Full-stack development involving front end user interface, backend services, as well as integrations and database transactions.

 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.


Ezra's mission is to detect cancer early for everyone. We’ve created a comprehensive way to screen your body for potential cancer that’s fast, accurate, and affordable by leveraging MRI. We’ve detected possible cancer for 13% of our members to date. We’re working towards new AI-based medical technology clearances that will improve the Ezra experience for our members.Your Mission: 
As Ezra’s Senior Software Engineer, Web, you’ll play a unique role as the Growth Team’s primary engineer (reporting to the Director of Engineer) that enables all of Ezra’s sales, marketing, and customer success initiatives. You are responsible for both the back-end & front-end optimization of Ezra.com and for maintaining the architecture of our consumer tech. Our member base is rapidly growing, and the person in this role will have the opportunity to enable that growth with their resourcefulness, teamwork, high EQ, and focus on results.
As Ezra’s Senior Software Engineer, Web, you will: 

Serve as a reliable, go-to resource on the team for web projects, writing maintainable code that can be quickly updated when needed, has a low volume of bugs, and is readable and easily understood by other engineers on the team.
Be self-directed with an ownership mindset, completing work efficiently with minimal intervention from others on the team. Help uncover scope early in order to establish engineering time estimates that guide prioritization decision.
Ensure the most frequently visited parts of our web application are performant, error-free, and aligned with technical SEO best practices.
Work with backend engineers to A|B test new features and UX changes, optimizing for the best outcomes for our users and the business
Implement designs with a high degree of precision and polish
Deploy code to production, maintain visibility on the status of technical requests and client builds as they get deployed, and identify root causes and resolution actions for critical bugs.
Stay up to date on the latest technologies in web development, incorporating those changes which can accelerate our development speed and improve quality.
Keep a pulse on user feedback that comes in via customer support, prioritize bug fixes that have the greatest impact on our members, and advocate for application improvements that solve common user pain points.

Key requirements

5-7 years as a web developer in front-end and back-end web developmentStrong grasp of React, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, CSS, SASS
Experience in implementing or updating API's built using NodeJS.
You have a track record of shipping successful sites (translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code) & guiding their architecture
You can manage the scoping & delivery of site revamps, and measure success
You’re proficient with SEO tools (SEMRush, Ahrefs, Google Search Central)
You’re comfortable with data parsing, data binding, & refactoring HTML
You’re experienced in improving page load times, implementing schema markup, and optimizing web crawling, indexing, and conversion rates
Experience with A/B testing
You’re a team player and effectively communicate complex information to cross-functional teams

What’s in it for you? 
At Ezra, you have the opportunity to be part of our team focused on detecting cancer early for everyone.
You will also have access to benefits such as: 
Stock options
Ability to work remotely with a home office allowanceUnlimited vacationEmployer-paid health, dental and vision plans for you and your familyAnnual free Ezra Full Body for you or a family memberMonthly health and wellness stipend4-month employer-paid paternity leaveAnnual Ezra Summit to a global destinationA great culture
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion:
We’re building a diverse team and inclusive company culture. We are an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Front-end development: 5 years (Required)
CSS: 5 years (Required)
JavaScript: 5 years (Required)
Back-end development: 5 years (Required)
Node.js: 3 years (Required)
React: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Department UNeTech 50012027 Business Unit Business & Finance Reg-Temp Full-Time Regular Work Schedule Mon - Fri 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Remote/Telecommuting Yes – partial remote/telecommute opportunity Position Summary 
  
   Under the direction of senior engineers, individual is responsible for analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, evaluation, maintenance, and on-going trouble-shooting and support of moderately complex system components (web, cloud, mobile, client/server) to achieve organization goals.
   
 This includes participation in the development of enterprise-wide projects, enhancements and upgrades in alignment with organization strategies, priorities and meets customer agreed upon business solution goals and objectives.
   
 Understand long term plans, policies, and procedures and maintains support for applications within accountability.
   Position Details 
  
   Additional Information
   Posting Category Operations Working Title Software Engineer II Job Title Information Technology Associate (Prof) Salary Grade IT17S Appointment Type B1 - REG MGR PROF SALARY Salary Range $67,100 - $100,700/annual Job Requisition Begin Date 04/22/2022 Application Review Date 04/29/2022 Review Date Information: 
  
   Initial application review will begin on the date provided in the field above. Applications received prior to this review date will be considered. Applications received after the review date may be considered.
  


    Required and Preferred Qualifications 
   





Required Education:


       Bachelor's degree or equivalent
      




If any degree major/training is required, please specify the type. (NOTE: Concentration and minors are not equivalent to a major)


       Computer Science, Mathematics or related field
       
 (Will consider seven years related education/experience)
      




Required Experience


       3 years
      




If any experience is required, please specify what kind of experience:


       Experience in designing and developing moderately complex applications, lifecycle of application development, developing complex data structures.
       
 (Will consider seven years related education/experience)
      




Required License


       No
      




If yes, what is the required licensure/certification?






Required Computer Applications:


       Not Applicable
      




Required Other Computer Applications:


       Python, Django, Vue.js, SQL
      




Required Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:



Managing project deadlines and customer expectations.
Working knowledge of/skill with server-side technologies, management and deployment of virtualized hardware environments and cloud solutions; virtualization and contain containerization.
Experience in the administration and configuration of databases.
Performance tuning of databases and data flows.
Working knowledge of SQL.
Experience in data recovery and data security.
Use of personal cell phone may be required in the course of University business






Preferred Education:


       Bachelor's degree
      




If any degree/training is preferred, please specify the type:


       Computer science, mathematics or related field
      




Preferred Experience:






Preferred License:


       No
      




If yes, what is the preferred licensure/certification?:






Preferred Computer Applications:






Preferred Other Computer Applications:






Preferred Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:


       Experience managing project deadlines and customer expectations.
      




Email to a Friend


       https://unmc.peopleadmin.com/postings/63864
      






EEO Statement



      EEO Statement 
     





EEO Statement


         The University of Nebraska Medical Center (UNMC) is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive work and learning environment free from discrimination and harassment. UNMC is dedicated to creating an environment where everyone feels valued, respected and included. UNMC does not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, and/or political affiliation in its programs, activities, or employment. UNMC complies with all local, state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination, including Title IX, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex.
        







Jamf, the standard for Apple in the enterprise, extends the legendary Apple experience people enjoy in their personal lives to the workplace. Jamf's cloud software is the only solution of scale that automates Mac, iPad, iPhone and Apple TV deployment, management and security. We help organizations, businesses, hospitals, schools and government agencies, connect, manage and protect Apple products without ever having to touch the device— anytime, anywhere.


We are a group of curious, self-starters with a passion for helping people make sense of technology – freeing nurses to care, teachers to teach and businesses to thrive. We take pride in making meaningful impact for tens of thousands of customers around the globe. We have over 2,000 employees worldwide with offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Australia. To learn more visit: https://www.jamf.com/careers.


Remote work allowed for this role. Jamf operates as a choice-based office model. Choose an assigned desk, a shared desk, or work anywhere you work best. Jamf thrives where you do.
What You'll do at Jamf:
The Software Engineer in Test I at Jamf will participate in agile delivery events providing tests and the framework to assist in delivering software with high quality and reliability to our customers.They'll work closely with the agile team to learn the appropriate designs and practices to build our product.

The Software Enginer in Test I dive in and develop skills to deepen their knowledge around the area of the product.

They'll collaborate with experienced engineers, product management and leadership to understand the priorities and how those help solve problems. Over time they'll become a subject matter expert in various Jamf components and product offerings.


Responsibilities:

Build and maintain the framework that supports further automation of test.
Develop and execute test case scenarios for new or evolving features across web and OS X applications.
Assists development team to build and support the automation of unit, functional, integration and systems testing.
Independently completes a majority of identified tasks from start to finish with high quality and collaborates with more experienced engineers when needed.
Efficiently uses available tools with minimal guidance.
Solid understanding of best practices related to testing and quality.
Asks the right questions, solve problems and help build great software.
Partners with team to understand and communicate technical concepts with others in the organization (Technical Communication, Support, Product, and Cloud).
Performs well-defined tasks with increasing independence and seeks guidance when needed from more experienced engineers.


Skills & Experience:

Minimum of 1 year of experience testing enterprise grade software with understanding of quality assurance processes. (Required)
Working knowledge of, or fluency in Java (Required)
Strong Communication Skills
Proven Analytical Skills
Ability to interact effectively with co-workers in a results driven culture
Ability to to adapt to changing priorities effectively
Good Listening Skills
Ability to engage with and establish trust and rapport with all levels of the organization
Solution focused ability working collaboratively in a fast paced environment


Education & Certifications:

2 year/ Associates (Required)
4 year / Bachelor's Degree (Preferred)
A combination of relevant experience and education may be considered


How we help you reach your best potential:

Recently named a Best Workplace in Technology, Fortune Magazine 2021.
We value the differences in the ways we all live and work. Here, you manage your own day and your own work style.
Great people make Jamf great, and we protect our people. Jamfs across the globe receive a superior compensation and benefits package.
We know that big ideas can come from anyone, so we empower everyone to make an impact. Our more than 90% employee retention rate agrees!
You will have the opportunity to make a real and meaningful impact for more than 50,000 global customers with the best Apple device management solution in the world.
We put people over profits – which is why our customers keep coming back to us.
Our volunteer time off allows employees to support and give back to our communities.
We encourage you to simply be you. We constantly seek and value different perspectives to ensure Jamf is a place where everyone feels comfortable and can be successful.
23 of 25 world's most valuable brands rely on Jamf to do their best work (as ranked by Forbes).
Over 100,000 Jamf Nation users, the largest online IT community in the world.
You are the right kind of Jamf if:
You go above and beyond for others, you are genuine and willing to help, always. You support the team around you, you don't point fingers or pass blame. You value different perspectives, in how you work and how you learn. You are naturally inquisitive, like to create and be creative. You are a problem solver, curious and resourceful, self-driven and constantly improving. You roll up your sleeves and dig in. You are excited by not knowing what may lie ahead. You are willing to take risks, try new things, even fail just to do it better next time. You're not a jerk. You are someone who just wants to do the right thing.


Why Jamf?

Let your individuality shine at Jamf! All voices are critical to the innovative and collaborative work that we do to propel Jamf to be a leader of equality and fairness in the workplace. In the spirit of our values of selflessness and relentless self-improvement, we seek to learn, engage and grow, so that all of our Jamfs feel comfortable being their truest selves at work. Our Employee Resource Groups help empower employees to make real, actionable differences at Jamf. We are actively working every day to get better; our commitment on becoming a more inclusive and diverse work force is never done.


Get social with us: Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook or follow the conversation at #OneJamf

#LI-REMOTE

Piper Companies is seeking a Staff Backend Engineer, in a remote environment to join an industry leading data collection company based in Washington DC. The Backend Engineer will be responsible developing, maintaining, and improving current APIs, processing pipelines, and CI/CD workflows.

 Responsibilities of the Staff Backend Engineer include:

 Oversee and produce high-quality, maintainable code using Node.js and Python to develop, scale, and maintain APIs and data processing pipelines
 Collaborate with engineers to build new features and tooling for geospatial analytics applications
 Build and maintain existing data stores with ElasticSearch, PostgreSQL, and Google Cloud’s Big Query
 Leverage opportunities to continually improve performance, data quality, security, systems, processes, and standards to scale
 Understand and leverage cloud architectures that include GCP or AWS
 Leverage partnerships with Data Scientists to ensure code and technology meet internal standards


 Qualifications for the Staff Backend Engineer include:

 7+ years of experience utilizing Cloud and JVM languages and building data-serving APIs
 Proficiency utilizing Node.js, Python, and Scala
 Experience working with PostgreSQL or other relational databases to work with large datasets
 BS in Computer Science/Engineering or related field


 Compensation for the Staff Backend Engineer includes:

 Salary Range: $200,000 - $240,000 + equity stake*depending on experience* 
 Full Benefits: 100% Health, Dental, Vision, 401k with matching, PTO & Holidays


 Keywords: staff backend engineer, backend engineer, backend engineering, backend engineers, software engineer, software engineering, software engineer, geospatial analytics, geospatial data, data-serving apis, apis, cloud, gcp, aws, python, scala, node.js, postgresql, datasets, cloud big query, cloud query, google cloud, software development, sdlc, remote, remote work, work from home, wfh


We are Dynamic Range Labs, a group of creative developers looking for another hardworking and imaginative team member to join our growing team.
As a part of our team, you’ll support our clients in the electronics industry using modern design practices and emerging technologies. You will get the chance to help shape our company as we expand our core capabilities and services.
For this role we are seeking someone to join one of our eCommerce focused teams as we build out new features and functionality for our clients.
Responsibilities

Maintain reproducibility of infrastructure for multiple environments by provisioning infrastructure using infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform.
Build and maintain reusable infrastructure modules using Terraform and Terragrunt.
Enable team to deliver continuously by extending and creating CI/CD pipelines.
Manage the instrumentation of services to facilitate monitoring and alerting for incident response and capacity planning.
Maximize availability through proactive monitoring and automated deployment gates that verify an application’s readiness before promoting it to production.
Troubleshoot performance issues and broken deployments.
Manage the configuration of all services and environments used by the team.
Assist the team in architecting scalable and secure solutions.
Maintain technical documentation for infrastructure.
Ensure on call team members are adequately supported with runbooks for alerts and scenarios they may encounter.
Proactively eliminate toilsome tasks through automation.
Provide insights into system performance and behavior by building dashboards in Kibana and Grafana.

Benefits

Medical, dental and vision
Life Insurance
LTD
401K match
Paid Time Off and paid holidays
Flexible/hybrid schedule
EAP

Requirements
Required Experience

3+ years of DevOps experience.
Professional experience provisioning and maintaining Kubernetes clusters using one of the major cloud provider’s managed Kubernetes platform (Azure AKS, AWS EKS, GKE).
Professional experience provisioning cloud resources with Terraform.
Demonstrated ability to write automation scripts.
Knowledge of networking concepts such as virtual networks, subnets, and DNS.
Strong Linux system administration skills.

Desired Experience

Experience with Terragrunt.
Experience provisioning Kubernetes resources (deployments, secrets, etc) using the Kubernetes provider for Terraform.
Experience with database technologies such as ElasticSearch, Redis, and MongoDB.
Backend development experience with Node.js or Golang.
Experience with TypeScript.
Experience with monitoring technologies such as Prometheus, APM, and ElasticSearch.
Track record of performing successfully in a distributed team environment.
Professional experience supporting a multi-tenant SaaS platform.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $112,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Job Title:
Network Software Engineer - (Open to Remote)
Requisition ID:
R014967
Job Description:
Toys for Bob, a collaborative team of stellar individuals that have inspired love, joy, and laughter through epic AAA entertainment for more than 30 years, is open to remote work! Our passion for developing award-winning games with diverse genres includes the Crash Bandicoot®, Call of Duty®, Overwatch®, Spyro®, Skylanders®, and Tony Hawk® franchises. We are constantly evolving and support our growing employees to be as innovative as they can be. Toys for Bob’s experienced developers are looking for creative individuals ready to take on exciting and new projects. Join us!
Toys for Bob is wholly owned by Activision.
Your Mission
As a Network Software Engineer, you will help bring our online experience to a higher level. Your responsibilities will include client features, multiplayer systems, online community features, and tools. The Network Engineer will be responsible for improving game network traffic efficiency, instrumenting and analyzing numerous game systems, and building scalable systems to synchronize state between client, server, and backend.
Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:
Work closely with other Engineering and Design teams to design, write, debug, and refine online systems, features, tools, and infrastructure
Author or contribute to technical designs and documentation
Optimize and maintain existing code (C/C++)
Architect and implement high-performance networking code solutions for both client-side and server-side game logic
Instrument, profile, analyze, and optimize network game traffic
Player Profile
3+ years of programming experience with at least 2 years focus on networking and online systems
Shipped 1+ game title(s)
Proficiency in C/C++ and experience with scripting language(s)
Excellent knowledge of algorithms, data structures, performance, and multi-threaded programming techniques
Demonstrated ability to write clean, readable, portable, reliable, and optimized code
Proficiency in client-server networking architecture, network protocols, and peer-to-peer architectures
Detailed knowledge of software design practices including modular architecture, event-driven architecture, software design patterns, and object-oriented design
Ability to quickly understand and work with internal and externally developed code
Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate with other specialists, systems designers, and producers
Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve
Our World
Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), is one of the world's largest and most successful interactive entertainment companies and is at the intersection of media, technology, and entertainment. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty®, World of Warcraft®, Overwatch®, Diablo®, Candy Crush™ and Bubble Witch™. Our combined entertainment network delights hundreds of millions of monthly active users in 196 countries, making us the largest gaming network on the planet!
Our ability to build immersive and innovative worlds is only enhanced by diverse teams working in an inclusive environment. We aspire to have a culture where everyone can thrive in order to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional, and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered!
The video game industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.
Toys for Bob is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

  What we're looking for:
 You are a software engineer that enjoys working with full stack development in all phases of scaled agile development. You have attained a strong understanding of computer science fundamentals through your professional and academic careers. If you 2+ years of object oriented experience, we’d love to speak with you!
 Position Overview:
 This position, which is within the CVAD (Citrix Virtual Apps & Desktop) Cloud Team, will initially focus on the development of Citrix Cloud product line, which will present you with a unique opportunity to expand problem-solving situations that will become an invaluable individual career asset. Our team culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the dynamism and vibrancy of a small startup.
 Role Responsibilities:


 Collaborate with Product Managers, Product Design, and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment
Compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents
Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking while incorporating different end user personas
Implement front-end and back-end business logic for new features (Full Stack development)
Build multithreaded distributed systems using Azure Service Fabric for reliable microservices, and NoSQL databases such as Cosmos
Enhance the CI/CD pipelines, tools and engineering processes used to build, test, deploy, or monitor the product
Participate in all phases in a Scaled Agile Environment: from new feature design/implementation, to production deployment & maintenance
Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards (e.g. code reviews, logging and instrumentation, static/dynamic code analysis, code coverage, unit, integration tests) within the team



 Basic Qualifications:


 Requires practical knowledge of computer science fundamentals (object oriented programming, data structures and algorithms) obtained through advanced education combined with experience
Requires a University Degree or equivalent experience and minimum 2 years of object oriented programming experience; or an advanced degree without experience
Exposure to working with operating systems and computer networking
Experience with one or more scripting languages (e.g., Unix shell, PERL, Java Script, PowerShell).
Understanding the full SDLC
Exposure to working within an Agile environment



  Functional Area:  Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.
 At Citrix, our employees perform extraordinary acts of creativity and service every day. We provide benefits and rewards that meet the diverse needs of our employees by offering competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and equitable rewards opportunities for all employees. In the state of Colorado, the salary for this role generally ranges from $100,560 -$125,700 but may vary depending on your qualifications including job-related education, training, experience, licensure, and certification, that could result at a level outside of this range. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including annual bonus, sales incentives, and/or stock depending on the terms of the applicable plan and role as well as individual performance. Benefits may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Citrix and the country where you work. U.S. based employees are typically offered access to healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, 401(k) plan and company match, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), and education assistance program, among others.
   Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.



JazzHR's software engineering team builds cutting-edge products designed to provide a better hiring experience for both applicants and hiring teams.
 We tackle big technical challenges for systems at scale every day.
 Our team is built on mutual respect and trust. We emphatically embrace a culture of continued learning and growth, and are empowered to innovate, explore, and utilize our expertise to craft the right solutions for our customers.
 Our team values kindness and curiosity, driven by the desire to try, reflect, and adapt.
 We use modern web tooling and frameworks, such as PHP, Symfony, TypeScript, AngularJS, React, Docker, and AWS. While experience with our present tech stack is a plus, we value foundational software engineering experience and a drive to delight our customers over any individual technical skill. This is a fully remote role with the continental United States.
 What you'll do: 

Architect and build robust, performant APIs.
 Build intuitive UI components with modern web technologies.
 Deliver highly maintainable and well-tested code.
 Design scalable and generic data models that will hold up under high demand.

 You'll be a great fit if you have:

 2+ years of experience writing quality, well-tested code
 Great communication skills and a willingness to pair programs, swarm on critical issues and engage with your teammates to solve challenging problems.
 Enthusiasm for the “developer experience” of your colleagues by leveraging automated build tools.

 To learn more about our hiring process check out our overview here.
 About JazzHR:
 JazzHR has raised the bar in the recruiting software industry, with many of our innovations becoming industry-standard. We’re the first company to put powerful, yet easy-to-use recruiting software in the hands of startups, growing companies, and small businesses from all industries. We're proud of our accomplishments - click here to see more!
 About Employ:
 Employ empowers organizations of all sizes to overcome their greatest recruiting and talent acquisition challenges. Offering a combination of purpose-built intelligent software technologies, services, and industry expertise, Employ provides businesses of all sizes with powerful solutions for recruiting a diverse workforce. Through its JazzHR and Jobvite technologies, and NXTThing RPO services, Employ serves more than 12,000 customers across all industries. For more information, visit www.employinc.com.
 JazzHR and Employ are equal opportunity employers. All employment decisions are solely based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race, gender, religion, ethnicity, age or any other status protected by the laws and regulations where we operate.
 
yorFuT6LHr

Donnelley Financial Solutions (DFIN) is a leader in risk and compliance solutions, providing insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights to clients across the globe. We’re here to help you make smarter decisions with insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights at every stage of your business and investment lifecycles. As markets fluctuate, regulations evolve and technology advances, we’re there. And through it all, we deliver confidence with the right solutions in moments that matter.

Summary:
We are looking for technical team members at all levels who want to push themselves to deliver best in market SaaS solutions. We offer a challenging environment where you will have to grow, adapt and use your skills consistently. Our customers rely on us in the moments that matter. Engineering delivers on that promise.

You can read the bullets below. But they almost always look the same, right? Here is the deal – being a senior engineer here at DFIN means helping us deliver SaaS software solutions for our customers that primarily work with the SEC or other global regulating bodies. Our products are in demand because we solve regulatory problems for our customers. As a senior engineer, you’ll contribute to projects end to end, write code that less senior engineers can emulate, understand how we operate our systems and help make sure our technology grows and doesn’t become a big pile of tech debt.

Responsibilities:
Be a key contributor to our development practice: design, full-stack development and testing.
Write concise, clear, well-tested and well-documented code with quality that adheres to industry best practices.
Optimize code for quality, performance, scalability, efficiencies and security; through testing, code scanning, refactoring and monitoring.
Analyze, design and build solutions that solve the problems we have, not the problems that we think we may have one day.
Build software with people. Product managers, other developers, SRE, junior engineers, senior engineers, offshore. Construct software that matters.
Understands that systems are to be operated and monitoring and metrics are important.
Engineer for simplicity, reliability, manageability, scalability, extensibility, reusability and performance.
Makes sure to constantly address technical debt. Shine a light on it, even when it hurts.
Qualifications:
Be committed to your development, the products you work on and the firm.
Expert in user interface development using TypeScript / React JS
At least 1 year of experience developing with React JS or Angular, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and front-end languages.
Experience with user interface design.
Experience developing RESTFul Web Services
Experience in one of the following: Java, .NET, C# or another Object-Oriented language
Strong CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, performance characteristics, test automation)
Optional, Azure, AKS, Docker, Kubernetes
Experience developing secure code meeting security standards and willing to participate in financial systems security practices.
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.

It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfinsolutions.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequests@dfinsolutions.com.

Piper Companies is seeking a REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer for an innovative software organization. The REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer will join a growing team of passionate technical professionals utilizing bleeding-edge tech to build scalable cloud-centric applications. The ideal candidate has a solution-oriented mindset with a passion for building best-in-class applications to solve real-world problems.

 Responsibilities for the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer include:﻿

 Design, develop, test, implement, and maintain enterprise software solutions
 Partner with internal and external stakeholders to develop technically sound software that meets the ongoing and consistently changing needs of the client base
 Provide mentoring and share best practices with other engineers on the team and within the organization
 Work with a variety of tools and languages for full-stack development including such as:
    
 AWS and GWT Cloud Platforms, Node.JS, React, Python, Javascript, Typescript, Dynomo db, MySql


 Requirements for the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer include:

 At least 3 years of end to end application development experience leveraging Javascript, server-side utilizing Node.js 
Experience developing RESTful APIs
 Experience developing modern User Interfaces using frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular, etc. 
Up to date with new and emerging technology with a passion for continuous learning and improvement

 Compensation of the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer includes:

 $105,000 - $140,000 annually
 Full comprehensive employee benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, PTO)


 Keywords: Javascript Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Software Developer, Front End Developer, React, Node, Node.JS, NodeJS, API, serverless, microservices, Containers, AWS, GWT, Google, Javascript, Typescript, CoffeeScript, ExpressJS, Express.JS, MERN, MySql, Dynamo, RESTful Web Application Developer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, UI Engineer, REMOTE, Vue, Express, Typescript, NodeJS, ReactJS, AngularJS, VueJS, Full Stack, Fullstack, Full-Stack



Backend Software Engineer

 About Ursa Space Systems
 Ursa Space Systems is building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global intelligence to organizations around the world. Through our SAR/EO/RF satellite network, and data fusion expertise, Ursa Space detects real-time changes in the physical world to expand transparency. Our subscription and custom services enable you to access satellite imagery and analytic results with no geographic, political or weather-related limitations.

 Job Summary
 Ursa is looking for skilled software engineers to join our growing team! We are building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global economic intelligence to organizations around the world. There is a lot of cross-pollination here at Ursa Space. You will have the opportunity to work with a diverse team of highly-skilled developers, working on a variety of projects. There are no egos here - we are looking for the best ideas and are eager to hear your input!
 This position will report directly to the Platform Team Manager.
 The ideal candidate will bring experience in developing and deploying data-driven web service technologies in support of both internal systems and customer-facing applications.

 Job Responsibilities

 Contribute to an agile development team building service-oriented infrastructure to support production and distribution of Ursa product line
 Take proof-of-concept algorithms and analytic designs and generate robust and efficient software implementations to run within a containerized software platform space
 Design and implement efficient, modular, well-documented and well-tested code
 Support the product development team to implement customer requirements
 Learn new technologies
 Participate in design discussions and code reviews
 Communicate effectively and collaborate frequently with peers
 All other duties as assigned


 Requirements

 B.Sc. or M.S. in Computer Science, Information Science, or other engineering discipline in which software development is a focus.


 Preferred Skills
 You should be familiar with some of these - you are not expected to be an expert in all:

 Linux
 Java microservices
 RESTful services
 NoSQL and/or SQL databases (Mongo, MySQL, Redis, Postgres, Athena)
 Cloud services (AWS, Google Cloud Platform)
 Kubernetes, Docker, at-scale deployments
 Understanding of modeling languages (e.g., Python) in order to translate to production level code


 Bonus Qualifications
 Skills we are looking for but are not required

 GPU Analytics and GPU accelerated database technology
 Apache services (Hadoop, Accumulo, ELK Stack, Athena, etc.)
 Security best practices
 Machine learning techniques
 Prior experience deploying image and signal processing algorithms for various sensing modalities, including SAR, electro-optical imagery, RF, or others
 GIS
 Systems architecture
 Networking/Systems Administration


 Location

 We are headquartered in Ithaca, NY and have a remote workforce in other locations.


 We recommend you include:

 Resume
 Cover letter
 Developer portfolio sample
 Code/git portfolio sample
 Any other personal projects you wish to share


 Benefits and Perks
 Competitive Compensation
 Flexible PTO
 Stock Options
 401(k) Match
 Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
 Life Insurance
 Paid Holidays
 And more…

 One of our company values is to empower diversity, equity, and inclusivity. Ursa Space Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
zHqft7UBwG

Would working with cutting-edge security products excite you?
Do you love collaborating with teams to solve complex challenges?
Join our highly skilled CIAM Engineering team
We are a small team responsible for a world-class, multi-tenant SaaS platform that empowers our customers to protect and manage the identities of their end users. Partnering with other teams we ensure Akamai's systems lead by example and fulfil the security needs of our customer base. Excelling in an ever-changing security landscape, our environment is exciting and fast-paced.
Develop cutting-edge identity management tools
In this role you will be turning requirements and user experience designs into world class scalable software to support terabytes of data driven by authentication and identification of users on websites. You will be collaborating with an overall Product Team on the design, development, documentation, end-to-end testing, and troubleshooting of new and existing CIAM products in an Agile environment.
As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for:
Collaborating with architects and engineering teams to understand their needs and build solutions to address their requirements
Working with the Product Team to assess, define and refine product requirements
Developing and maintaining enterprise SaaS software including RESTful APIs
Creating back-end systems responsible for the storage, transformation and transport of large data sets, including creation of detailed documentation

Do what you love
To be successful in this role you will:
Have relevant experience and a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Management Information Systems, another related field or its equivalent.
Have passion and aptitude to learn new tools and technologies
Demonstrate solid written, verbal and presentation skills and have the ability to collaborate with internal stakeholders
Demonstrate some experience of software development and design using a language of your choice
Be comfortable with software development technologies including Scripting languages such as Python, Golang, Perl, etc.
Be excited to work with cloud-based architectures and distributed databases

Work in a way that works for you
We recognize that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best can vary for each person.
This is a flexible role and may be performed at your home and/or the local Akamai office (in the country advertised). We are happy to discuss working options in this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.
Working with us
At Akamai, were curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.
Working for you
At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life:
Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavours

Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.
About us
Innovating on a global scale, we deliver our customers a fast, smart and secure intelligent edge platform. Working against a backdrop of digital collaboration, our highly skilled teams build progressive solutions that have the scope to transform entertainment, business, and life in ways that we have yet to imagine.
Join us
Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!

Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.

Akamai is committed to complying with COVID-19 requirements in the countries where it operates. For locations or roles subject to vaccination mandates, we require proof of vaccination or an approved exemption, if permitted, as a condition of employment. We will provide additional details regarding our vaccine record submission and exemption request protocols during the hiring and onboarding process.

#LI-Remote
Dynamic’s client is seeking a Backend Software Engineer (Java/C) for a permanent position that’s 100% remote. The candidate will be part of a collaborative, distributed team consisting of Software Engineers and QA Engineers in an Agile environment.
NOTE: Candidates must reside in the U.S. and be authorized to work in the U.S. without visa sponsorship.
Qualifications:
· Around 4+ years of software engineering experience
· Java
· C preferred
· Apache
· MySQL
· RESTful API’s
· AWS
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What is your desired salary?

Work Location: Remote



About Swiftlane
Swiftlane is an early stage, VC funded startup based out of San Francisco. We are a strong team of over 30 members, working on creating a very unique and modern experience for building security. Swiftlane provides the ability to open doors using just face recognition. Swiftlane’s products allow visitors to start two video intercoms from a door, to a person and remotely unlock doors. It’s designed to modernize the access control experience for offices and large apartment buildings. Our founding team built many great experiences at companies like Facebook, Instagram, and Lyft Self driving team.
Job Description | Software Engineer: Backend
Are you interested in working on an early stage startup in San Francisco, with a team of strong talented engineers in a fast paced environment? Every day you would get to make key technical decisions and design and implement complex systems from scratch. Here are some examples of projects you would work on:
What You Would Do

Design, build, and maintain APIs, web socket based applications, services, and systems
 A system developed in Python backend, React, Google Cloud with modern Kubernetes based stack
 Implement APIs and microservices in Python
 Deploying services on Google Cloud
 Work with a strong engineering team
 Learn how to deploy deep learning systems in production
 Implement complex services that involves message queues and large scale data processing
 Design and implement machine learning training systems
 Develop high performance ML inference services and APIs
 Build API integrations with third party APIs
 Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
 Work with engineers across the company to build new features at large-scale
 Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes
 Maintain CI / CD and reliability systems
 Write tensorflow models and help data scientists be productive with training their models
 Setting up infrastructure using Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform and Packer

Required Technical Skills

Strong software engineering experience
 Experience developing cloud based applications in AWS or Google Cloud
 Experience developing in Python
 Knowledge of system design, high quality code and writing well tested code
 Experience in Javascript, Java or Go is a plus.
 Experience using containers and orchestration using Kubernetes is a plus.
 Understanding of cloud and web security is essential to succeed in this role
 Experience building highly scalable systems and ability to design and implement complex system architecture
 Ability to move fast and deliver on your project to completion and iterate
 Expertise writing software in more than one programming language and ability to pick up new languages
 Strong infra experience using AWS or Google cloud
 Ability to write well tested code
 Understanding of github and git based workflow
 Experience in building machine learning / deep learning models or platform is a strong added bonus

Non Technical Skills
High sense of ownership and desire to build an incredible product.
Ability to communicate and articulate effectively in English with team members across the globe. We look for effectiveness around written and verbal communication, and less about how fast you can speak.
It’s important that you take initiative to make things better, constantly improving the code base as well as overall system reliability.
It’s important that you are looking to have a personal impact through your work, inside the company.
Interested and flexibility to work as a remote engineer. Open to working with PST time zone overlap.
Apply
To apply for this position, send an email to contact@swiftlane.com with the link to this job posting and a little information about yourself. We look forward to talking with you!





We are looking for Site Reliability Engineers (software engineers/developers will also be considered) for Permanent, Full Time Employment for our direct client - FULLY REMOTE

Ideal candidate will have a strong software development foundation with 5+ years of experience writing code in Java, Python, Go or other programming language.
Ideal candidate will also have knowledge/experience in Infrastructure, DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering. 
**Coding test implemented into interview process

Technical Competencies: 

MUST HAVE experience in OOP or OOD 
MUST HAVE architecture experience/background
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
Minimum of 4+ years of professional Software Development/Engineering experience
Experience writing code in Java, Go, Shell, Perl, Node.js, Python, or a similar language
Experience with data structures, algorithms, and software design

Compensation:

Employment with a top corporation that offers professional development
$125K-$225K base salary
Quarterly Bonus Structure
$35K-$60K sign on bonus
Full Benefits
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)
Open Paid Time Off Policy

If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please reply with an updated resume for immediate consideration to isabella.c@comcentric.com
 Isabella CdeBaca Recruiter Comcentric Inc. isabella.c@comcentric.com


Basic Qualifications 3+ years of experience with SailPoint, including experience with features, integration,and architecture with the ability to communicate about SailPoint and implementation atboth the functional and technical level 3+ years experience designing, configuring, maintaining and upgrading a highlyavailability SailPoint IdentityIQ (IIQ) solution 2+ years of experience utilizing tools available for onboarding, troubleshooting, andworking with SailPoint Support, including Administrator Console, Advanced Analytics,IdentityIQ Console, or Debug pages 2+ years of experience with coding Identity Management solutions using Java,Beanshell, XML or J2EE Experience working in an Identity Governance Role to facilitate Identity AccessManagement (IAM) practices to include entitlement certifications, Joiner, Mover, leaverworkflows and continuous monitoring Experience working with cloud-based platforms, including AWS and Azure Experience evaluating data quality using IdentityIQ reporting and searchingfunctionality. Experience implementing Lifecycle Manager (LCM) Configuration workflow tasks thatmodel business functions, including Lifecycle Requests, such as Role, Entitlement,Account, or Password, Lifecycle Events, such as Joiner, Mover, or Leaver, and LCMWorkflow Details (Workflows and Sub processes) Public TrustAdditional Qualifications Experience Creating processes for supporting IdentityIQ certification campaigns Experience utilizing advanced authentication Experience integrating ServiceNow activities Bachelor's degree in Information Technology
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Sailpoint: 3 years (Required)
Beanshell, XML or J2EE: 2 years (Required)
AWS or Azure: 1 year (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is currently seeking a Remote Python Software Engineer for an opportunity with a fast-growing organization based on the east coast. The Remote Python Software Engineer will participate in new feature developments and contribute to ongoing projects of the company’s certification work in the public sector.

 Responsibilities of the Remote Python Software Engineer:


 Work on new feature development, contribute towards architecture and design.
 Follow current software development best practices in an agile development environment
 Work with Python technologies in collaboration with other languages


 Qualifications of the Remote Python Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering required (Or applicable work experience).
 US Citizenship due to the company working with government contracts. 
 4-7 years of experience in a software engineer role.
 Experience and extensive familiarity working with Python


 Compensation for the Remote Python Software Engineer:


 Salary Range: $140-170k depending on the role, experience, and level of responsibility.
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K



We are looking for a Python Developer to join our engineering team and help us develop and maintain various software products. Python Developer responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team. Ultimately, you’ll build highly responsive web applications that align with our business needs.
Responsibilities

Write effective, scalable code
Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance
Integrate user-facing elements into applications
Test and debug programs
Improve functionality of existing systems
Implement security and data protection solutions
Assess and prioritize feature requests
Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple priorities
Ability to be motivated, self-directed, results-oriented, and Client-focused

Skills

Work experience as a Python Developer
Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)
Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)
Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)

Qualifications

Good problem-solving skills
Minimum 0-3 years of working experience in relevant field
Motivated, self-directed, results-oriented, and client-focused
Detail oriented and possess a desire for quality
Experience in working on distributed or remote teams
Ability to set priorities, meet deadlines, and work independently
A Bachelor’s degree or Associate’s degree is required
Team spirit

Job Types: Contract, Temporary
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

0-3: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

  What we're looking for:
 You are a passionate front-end developer with 3+ years of experience working with various frameworks and technologies. You are curious about learning new development and thrive in a self-starter environment. You enjoy working in cross-functional teams (front-end, testers, designers, and stakeholders) to build amazing web experiences.

 Position Overview:

 The Web Developer will be a key member of the Citrix IT team supporting Marketing's key technologies and platforms. You will rely on your experience as a client-side developer to create customer-facing personalized experiences both on the web and in Citrix products. Web Developers will work hand-in-hand with internal partners and technologists to understand business problems and develop solutions that support the Citrix story. Your development background includes secure modern client-side web development (CSS, JS, and HTML), including modern frameworks (vuejs preferred) package management and build tools (npm, yarn, etc), testing frameworks (jest, mocha, etc), and automated CI/CD pipelines(Bamboo, Jenkins). You will work across various tools and platforms; each may require you to adapt your development approach and acquire new domain expertise.

 Role Responsibilities:

 Applies experience in the application of software development methodologies to complete assignments to required standards of quality and timeliness, while expanding experience and knowledge in areas of assignments; participates in writing software requirements and design specifications for assigned projects; chips in to project approach, methodology selection, project planning, reviewing the work products of others, and status reporting; plans and conducts tasks to implement design requirements to produce high quality software; works in multiple sub‐disciplines of software and systems engineering (these sub‐disciplines include: requirement development, product design, software estimation, software design, software construction (coding), software test, software performance measurement, software product information creation and software maintenance)
Conducts smaller development projects independently; performs specific portions of broader projects led by supervisor; solicits input and expertise as vital from higher level engineers to carry out assignments correctly
Establishes and maintains detailed and accurate documentation of all work; communicates technical issues within scope of assignments; assists with technical specification documentation and review
Implements, unit tests, debug and integrates code of moderate complexity; writes and conducts tests to verify the functionality, accuracy, and efficiency of developed or enhanced software
Chips in to work practice improvement through participation in post project evaluations, and maintains continuous quality improvement in meeting internal and external customer requirements
Coordinates own development activities on routine work and cooperates with other programmers and scrum team members on technical aspects related to the project
Works with other engineering teams on technical matters and may work with vendors or customers on technical information, handling customer concern issues, or modifications related to projects
Stays ahead of technical trends, develops knowledge and skills and incorporates them within assignments as appropriate; recommends improvements and changes in designs and gives professional appraisal on phases of the design in which the individual is particularly trained or experienced


 Basic Qualifications:

 Requires a University Degree or equivalent experience and 2-3 years of relevant experience.
Requires broad theoretical job knowledge obtained through advanced education.
3-5 years of Development experience.
Strong interpersonal/communication skills
Adaptable/quick learner/coachable
Self-motivated, able to work without a ton of direct supervision


  Functional Area:  Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.
 At Citrix, our employees perform extraordinary acts of creativity and service every day. We provide benefits and rewards that meet the diverse needs of our employees by offering competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and equitable rewards opportunities for all employees. In the state of Colorado, the salary for this role generally ranges from $100,560 -$125,700 but may vary depending on your qualifications including job-related education, training, experience, licensure, and certification, that could result at a level outside of this range. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including annual bonus, sales incentives, and/or stock depending on the terms of the applicable plan and role as well as individual performance. Benefits may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Citrix and the country where you work. U.S. based employees are typically offered access to healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, 401(k) plan and company match, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), and education assistance program, among others.
   Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.


We are looking for a passionate, motivated, and enthusiastic software engineer about implementing modern enterprise IT solutions in the world of application integration.
Datagrate is an IT consulting company with the character of a start-up based in St. Petersburg, Florida. Enthusiasm for implementing customized IT software solutions, passion for new technology, and promoting the digital transformation to our customers is what unites and motivates us.
What you’ll do

Plan and implement complex middleware platforms and solutions for our customers to integrate our customer's enterprise software systems, cloud applications, and apps
Develop scalable software and APIs with tech stacks like Java, Apache Camel/Talend ESB, Elasticsearch, either on-premises, in the cloud, or hybrid
Present technical ideas, high-level concepts, and solutions to internal and external team members
Create integration solutions (Real-time, data, and application integrations) by collaborating with internal and external stakeholders
Work on cloud-native integrations using, AWS, Azure, Kubernetes, etc.
An option to work on our IT SaaS solution jetic.io which is based on Apache Camel.

What we expect

Software Development experience, ideally in Java Enterprise environments
Interest in combining coding with consulting, and ability to suggest new ideas
Professional appearance and good communication skills
Interest in quickly developing skills in modern integration tech stacks
Good understanding of backend system development
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, any technical field, or equivalent practical experience

What we offer

401(k)
Flexible Mon-Fri schedule
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Professional development assistance
Certifications and training in areas like application integration, DevOps, etc
Optionally you can work with us in the office in St. Petersburg, Tampa Bay, Florida.

 Think you are an ideal candidate? Apply Now.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Retirement plan

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Advanced Software Engineer – (Prefer Onsite but this can be Remote for a well- qualified engineer that cannot relocate)
We seek candidates who are passionate about our solution and approach problem solving with a creative mind and a commitment to excellence. If you seek a challenge and want to impact the way the world distributes product from manufacturers to store shelves, we invite you to join our team.
Job Description
Our Software Engineering department is currently in need of a Full stack Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate will assist with the development and enhancements of our in-house structure design and simulation tool. This person will be a thought leader who will work with the leadership team on various company initiatives and works with a global team of engineers. This team has a critical role in making sure that the company can reliably scale its business. This is the perfect opportunity for a successful candidate to join an innovative and energetic team which delivers a high-quality product that has a critical role to play in our customer's supply chain.
Responsibilities: 

Design and develop a web application to simulate an automated warehouse
Work in a dynamic Agile/Scrum based environment
Be a proactive communicator who enjoys working closely with creative and technical peers
Collect and analyze customer functional requirements for creating Functional and Automation test strategies
Play a hands-on role as part of an engineering team that works to design, develop, review and test new functionality
Collaborate with other development teams, project managers and product managers to breakdown requirements, design solutions and execute on new business requirements
Mentor junior engineers in specific technical areas
Contribute to the company's knowledge base by being the forward-thinking data technology expert
Keep up to date with latest technology trends
Be a proactive communicator who enjoys working closely with creative and technical peers
Be knowledgeable about the overall Symbotic solution, including an understanding of all elements involved in development of the solution for customers

Qualifications

Bachelor’s required; Master’s degree preferred in Computer Science or related field
3+ years professional experience developing software applications
Strong experience with Object Oriented design using C++/Java/C#
Experience in web-based UI development using HTML5, JavaScript (react, vue.js, node.js) and SignalR
Experience building event-based microservices
Knowledge and hands-on experience with messaging frameworks
Experience in using databases like SQL Server, Mongo, etc.
Experience with source code version control, unit testing, design, and defect tracking tools
A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills
Should be able to work in a fast-paced environment and support unscheduled events
Strong experience with .NET Core is preferred
Experience with Linux and ansible is preferred
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker is preferred
Experience with RabbitMQ, KAFKA and Redis is preferred
Experience using ELK stack (Elastic, Logstash, and Kibana) is preferred.
A hands-on problem solver with excellent software design and implementation skills
Should be able to work in a fast-paced environment and support unscheduled events
Ability to prioritize multiple simultaneous issues and tasks
Capability to work independently, take initiative with minimal supervision
Excellent verbal and written communication, active listening, and interpersonal skills
Experience working with Agile development methodology

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $125,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Full-stack development: 3 years (Preferred)
OOD: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location


  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The Indexing team works on Etsy’s infrastructure for information retrieval, powering the foundational layers of search for our marketplace. We work closely with product teams and platform site reliability engineers to deliver a robust and scalable search system to serve our 100+ million listings to our buyers.
 The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture that includes the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and keeping up a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraft.com/
 This role is (eventually) located in one of our Brooklyn or San Francisco offices, or remote within the US & Canada. Etsy offers three different work modes to meet the variety of needs and preferences of our team: Flex mode for candidates who are comfortable traveling to an office location at least 4-6 days per month, Remote mode, and Office-based mode. Learn more about our flexible work modes and vaccination policy here.
 About the Role
 You will do well in this role if you:

 Have experience working in information retrieval technologies, ingest pipelines, and indexing/serving layers
 Have experience with candidate set generation and filtering using a variety of techniques for high level ranking
 Interested in building systems on Rust as we iterate on the next generation of our search engines
 Are a strong communicator and enjoy collaboration with members of the team

 For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.



  Qualifications
   About You

 Experience with Information Retrieval technologies like inverted indexes, ANN.
 Experience with distributed systems.
 Experience with Java and/or Rust.
 Interest in developing distributed systems in Java and Rust.
 You have proven engineering and coding skills, data structure knowledge and ability to write high performance production quality code.
 You have experience working with functional programming languages and Scala
 You are a strong collaborator and communicator and you make the engineers around you grow and learn.

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.

Remote ( US )
With our growing customer base and our expansion into new markets and use cases, we have more to build than ever at Affinity as we execute on our vision to put relationship intelligence at every professional's fingertips.

We are looking for enthusiastic candidates with enough critical thinking and outstanding abilities for self-guided learning. As we scale, we're looking for our first Software Engineer in Test who is passionate about quality and automation to join our rapidly growing team within Affinity.

In this role, you will be responsible for building automation test frameworks from scratch, implementing, maintaining automation solutions, monitoring, analyzing, and reporting test automation results. You’ll have the opportunity to own the entire product or an app lifecycle by identifying the right toolset and building cost-effective and seamless integration strategies. The ideal candidate will be highly technical, detail-oriented, creative, motivated and focused on achieving results.

What you’ll be doing:

Design, develop and deliver automated test framework for functional and integration test cases.
Identify areas to build automation strategies and framework.
Create, maintain, and enhance CI/CD pipelines and capabilities.
Collaborate with Developers, Infrastructure/DevOps, Product Owners to ensure the highest quality of the product by implementing automation-focused solutions.
Champion for quality in all aspects of our product.

Qualifications

Required:

5+ years of experience in software test automation, building tools, and test framework development.
You had the opportunity of building test automation frameworks from scratch.
Demonstrated experience with automated API & UI test frameworks.(e.g. Selenium, Cypress etc.).
Good working knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach.
Good understanding of modern best practices for software development like design patterns, code reusability, extensibility, and maintainability.
Strong experience in at least one of the following languages Ruby, Python, JAVA, Groovy, Go Lang, SQL.
Experience working with AWS, Docker, ELK Stack.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent.
Problem-solving coupled with a desire to learn, explore and innovate.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
You’re eager to contribute your ideas and experiences to help Affinity continuously improve as a product and as a company.

Nice to have:

Curious to learn and adapt to a fast-moving environment.
Experience in Zoom native app automation and chrome extensions.

What you'll enjoy at Affinity

We live our values as playmakers who are obsessed with learning, care personally about our colleagues and clients, are radically open-minded, and take pride in everything we do.
We pay your medical, dental, and vision insurance with comprehensive PPO and HMO plans. And provide flexible personal & sick days. We want our team to be happy and healthy :)
We offer a 401k plan to help you plan for retirement.
We provide an annual budget for you to spend on education and offer a comprehensive L&D program – after all, one of our core values is that we’re #obsessedwithlearning!
We support our employee’s overall health and well-being and reimburse monthly for things such as; Transportation, Home Internet, Meals, and Wellness memberships/equipment.
Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is essential.

About Affinity

We are passionate about helping dealmakers in the world’s biggest relationship-driven industries to find, manage, and close the most important deals. Our Relationship Intelligence platform uses the data exhaust of trillions of interactions between Investment Bankers, Venture Capitalists, Consultants, and other strategic dealmakers with their networks to deliver automated relationship insights that drive over 450,000 deals every month. We have raised over $120M and are backed by some of Silicon Valley’s best firms. With over 1700 customers in 70 countries on our platform, a 4.8 Star Glassdoor rating and being ranked in the Inc. 5000 fastest growing companies, we need more great people to help us scale even more.

The more diverse our team is, the more we’ll be able to learn from each other, and the better our company and our product will be. Whatever your gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, veteran status, favorite Spotify playlist, or social, cultural, and economic background, we can’t wait to welcome you to Affinity!
About TalaTala is a global technology company building the world’s most accessible financial services. With more than $350 million raised from visionary investors, we are serving millions of customers around the world who have been overlooked by traditional financial institutions – and our plan is to serve millions more, and have been named by the Fortune Impact 20 list, CNBC’s Disruptor 50, and Forbes’ Fintech 50 list for four years running. We are expanding across product offerings, countries and crypto and are looking for people who have an entrepreneurial spirit and are passionate about the mission.
By creating a unique platform that enables lending and other financial services around the globe, people in emerging markets are able to start and expand small businesses, manage day-to-day needs, and pursue their financial goals with confidence. Currently, more than 6 million people across Kenya, the Philippines, Mexico, and India have used Tala products. Due to our global team, we have a remote-first approach, and also have offices in Santa Monica, CA (HQ); Nairobi, Kenya; Mexico City, Mexico; Manila, the Philippines; and Bangalore, India.
Most Talazens join us because they connect with our mission of enabling financial agency for underbanked people around the world. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Tala, we’d love to hear from you!
The Engineering Manager will lead an Engineering Squad to unlock financial capabilities for Tala’s customers and those globally underrepresented. As an Engineering Manager, you will own a functional or architectural domain within the Accounts Engineering group, where you will lead a cross-functional team and collaborate with several other squads to provide customer value. The ideal candidate will have a track record of promoting a DevOps culture and acceptance test-driven development.This is a technical leadership role within Tala’s technical track. You will report to the Director of Engineering and collaborate cross-functionally with all Tala teams across the globe.

Bring together a full-stack team comprised of Backend, Android, and SDETs to continually deliver on market initiatives with quality
Own initiatives across squads to successfully deliver customer impact
Continually improve the relationship and integration with our third party partners
Contribute to the Engineering roadmap and help set the vision for the group
Mentor and grow Engineers
Partner with the Program Management to continually improve the SDLC and development processes
Partner with Product Management to improve requirements gathering and Engineering’s understanding of what needs to be built
3+ years as an IC Engineer in Java, Scala, PHP, Go, Python
3+ years directly managing software engineer FTEs
Delivered cross-functional products in a timely manner
Worked with stakeholders to deliver on definitions of done
Deep experience building complex, scalable backend systems
Have implemented and are familiar with RESTful API implementation, SOA and microservices
Knowledge of RDBMS and NoSQL databases (including best practices around design and modeling)
Experience using open source technologies
Experience utilizing AWS
Excellent mentoring skills
Ability to partner with non-technical business peers in meetings and working sessions

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $200,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
On call

Supplemental Pay:

Signing bonus

Work Location: Remote


Job Description



This is Ekkiden Ambition and innovation are our driving force. We aim high, act quickly, and acquire the wherewithal that we need to achieve our objectives. Our organisation is shaped by the requirements of both our clients and our teams. Becoming a European benchmark requires hard work, quality and respect. We pave our own path, with international teams committed to sustainable growth. We help clients to innovate and we make sure we question ourselves at all times. At Ekkiden everything is possible. Our managers are trained to bring out the best in every team member. If you are daring, creative, and have great people skills, if you want to live an extraordinary human experience and you don’t want to keep reminding yourself why you get up in the morning, it's time to meet up. 
  Role Within an international environment, we are looking for an experienced backend engineer to help the current team to architect and deliver new projects. The new consultant will be integrated into a multidisciplinary group with backend developers, frontend developers, mobile developers, and systems engineers to deliver projects with cutting-edge technologies. 
   This role is open to candidate working remotely from the GMT/CET time zone. Responsibilities:
  
 Design and implement reliable, high-performance systems to meet customer-facing and internal product needs 
Build and maintain secure cloud infrastructure solutions for high availability and ease-of-use 
Develop RESTful APIs with Django Rest Framework 
Architect new services using the latest technologies 
Designing and implementation of the infrastructure for new projects 
Integration with third-party APIs 
Deploy new services in AWS 
CI/CD design and implementation 
Provide feedback and mentorship to other engineers through code review, working sessions, design reviews, and other means 
What we are looking for :
  
 Master's university degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology 
5+ years of working experience on development and systems administration 
Strong knowledge of at least one backend programming language, preferably Python or Django 
Good knowledge of CI/CD pipelines 
Experience creating Docker images to deploy software 
Extensive experience with at least one major cloud infrastructures provider such as AWS or Linux 
Experience deploying and managing web applications on AWS from the Frontend to the Backend 
Understanding of modern web application technologies like containers, such as Docker or Kubernetes 
AI/ML knowledge is a plus 
DevOps, JIRA and GitHub experience is a plus 
Azure or AWS certifications linked to Infrastructure, Development, or Data management is a plus 
Fluent in English. Spanish is a plus 

We offer : 

Participate in the creation of a European technology and organisational consulting group 
A unique, innovative and dynamic working environment 
A career path tailored to your personality, both in terms of job position and location 
The opportunity to express yourself, assert your opinion and make an impact within our organisation and/or further afield 
You say it, you own it. Once your idea has been given the go-ahead, it is up to you to make it happen 
A demanding and innovative training programme delivered by our greatest experts 
Age is just a number, what really matter are achievements. We have a fast-track promotion system for employees who deliver 
Our working conditions are concentric with our values and ambitions 
Part time remote conditions





Job Detail



     Job Id
    

     JD2310769
     


     Industry
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Total Positions
    

     1
     


     Job Type:
    

     Full Time
     


     Salary:
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Employment Status
    

     Permanent 
    


     Job Location
    

     Remote, India
     


     Education
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Experience
    

     Year
    



X by 2 is a consulting firm specialized in business and technology transformation for healthcare and insurance clients. We enable our clients to achieve their most strategic business goals by aligning people, processes and technology across their enterprise. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact.We're looking for people that have been playing senior software design and software development roles but seek accelerated opportunities to take on more technical leadership roles. The ideal candidate has a passion for technology and the desire to take on new challenges with various technologies.
Summary

Play senior developer roles in designing, developing, testing and rolling out core business applications and data/analytics solutions for insurance and healthcare clients.
Quickly learn to use new tools, technologies and platforms across various technology stacks as needed for the client/project.
Mentor and perform design reviews and code reviews for fellow developers on the team.
Collaborate with fellow Developers, Technical Leads and Architects on architecture, design and development.

Qualifications

Experience designing and developing enterprise class business applications, integration solutions and/or data solutions using technologies such as Java/J2EE, .NET, JavaScript and SQL
Experience guiding and mentoring junior developers
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal communication, written communication and interpersonal communication skills
Willingness to travel on an occasional basis, as local and possibly out-of-state travel is required. Due to COVID, this position is currently remote.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related is preferred.

Our Philosophies

Agile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clients
Learning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworks
Deliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launch
No technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clients
Constant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool belt

Work Environment and Culture

Be surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levels
Collaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptions
Work in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performance
Open environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structures
Everyone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedback

Benefits and Perks

Competitive compensation
Health, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability Insurance Coverage
Voluntary benefit package with Telemedicine, PetCare, Chiropractic, Lab Testing and Alternative Medicine
401K with employer match
HSA with employer match
Annual performance reviews for raises and promotions
Perk Programs: Home Office reimbursement, Professional Self-Development program, Health and Wellness reimbursement, Professional Dress Allowance
Earn points through recognitions, travel and much more, and redeem them for unique experiences
Company sponsored social events for employees and families
Work-Life Balance: PTO based on experience, unlimited sick days, paid holidays

Work Location: Remote
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $113,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Who We Are

Addepar's purpose is to maximize the positive impact of the world's capital. More than 700 of the world's leading financial services firms trust Addepar to unlock the power and possibility of informed, data driven investing and advice. These family offices, wealth managers, banks and institutions use Addepar's purpose-built SaaS platform and associated Marketplace to deliver exceptional value to their clients in a modern, scalable and secure way.

Our clients use Addepar to manage and advise on more than $3.5 trillion in assets, and we've been adding more than $15 billion per week for many consecutive quarters, making us one of the fastest growing companies in fintech. Our board and investors are some of the best in the business: D1 Capital, WestCap, 8VC and Valor Equity Partners have led our last few rounds.

We're now expanding Addepar's business around the globe, with clients in more than 25 countries. We're constantly doubling down on tech- and data-fueled innovation, and our product and platform roadmap is more ambitious today than ever. We place our clients at the center of everything we do, and see a virtually unlimited set of opportunities to expand our client footprint and deepen the value we can unlock by building together.

Addepar is a Forbes Fintech 50 company and an honored member of the CB Insights Fintech 250. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City and Edinburgh, Scotland.
Marketplace and brokerage services provided by Acervus Securities, Inc., an SEC registered broker‑dealer and member FINRA / SIPC.
The Role

Addepar's design system team is a cross-disciplinary squad across engineering, design and product content domains. You'll join Addepar's Software Platform group, and work day-to-day with your squad to build Addepar's in-house design system and ensure its successful adoption.

Addepar's design system is at the heart of our product's growth strategy. Built around pillars of consistency, performance, accessibility, and localization, the Addepar Product Language provides a platform for our product teams as they build new features and iterate on existing codebases.

You'll work on growing the depth and breadth of our UI platform. To succeed in that goal, you will work in build systems, Web Components, design token solutions and designer tooling. To understand the challenges and opportunities ahead you'll need to adapt your skills to new frameworks, tools, and codebases.

What You'll Do
Partner with engineers, designers and product owners daily.
Tackle the challenge of building a global product, and a distributed team.
Implement the common building blocks of Addepar's user experience, and support their adoption across the product engineering organization.
Create interfaces that are accessible, that work for a global user base, which perform well, and which deliver a great user experience.
Advocate for best practices and process improvements.
Who You Are
B.S. in Computer Science or similar technical field of study (or equivalent practical experience.)
A year or more experience as a professional software engineer
Strong and demonstrable knowledge of web fundamentals (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
An eagerness to learn new technologies
A passion for building high-quality, high-polish user experiences
A capacity for self-organization and direction
Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills

Our Values

Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes.
Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value.
Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients' success is our success.
Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry.
Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset.

In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.

To ensure the health and safety of all Addepeeps and our prospective candidates, we have instituted a virtual interview and onboarding experience.

Unfortunately, at this time we cannot accept Colorado applicants.

The Role:
 Do you love Javascript and are looking for a new challenge? You might be perfect for our Javascript specialist role we are currently looking to fill as we grow our team in 2022.
 As you might imagine, we’re looking for help with our front-end client applications built on the Ember.js. If you have experience in modern javascript frameworks such as Vue.js, React, or Angular.js we are interested in speaking with you, so long as you are excited by the idea of working in the framework. We believe the right person can get up to speed with a new technology and contribute in a meaningful way if the passion to do so is there.
 We’re not looking just for a front-end guru. We love design and appreciate code elegance in styling web UIs, but your specialty in Javascript will also be used in our scraper application, written on Node.js. The application is responsible for integrating with our social network partner’s APIs and payload normalization and is the backbone of the Popular Pays ecosystem.
 You will be a go-to resource for input on architecture and implementation for client and server based features scoped for our projects.
 We’re looking for a product owner for our Node.js scraper application who can help us constantly enhance and implement updates. As such, you will also be a stakeholder in our project planning cycles and have the opportunity to lead projects technically if you want that experience.
 Does this kind of work and responsibility excite you?
 About Popular Pays
 Popular Pays is a marketplace that connects brands and creators to produce custom content that works. Our primary product is a tech platform that streamlines the traditional content creation and influencer marketing process. Popular Pays provides marketers with the necessary tools to be successful in today’s modern social marketing landscape.  PopPays is a Y Combinator alum – “the world’s most powerful start-up incubator” according to Fast Company – and our top-notch client list includes brands like Hyatt, Kraft, Coca Cola, Frito Lay, Jim Beam, M&Ms, Amazon, Samsung, Corona, TOMS, and many more.
 Benefits
 We pay competitively across the tech industry (our HQ is in Chicago) based on where we believe you measure up on our engineering ladder regardless of where you choose to call home. We offer many of the perks you’ll find at other tech companies - company-issued computer, monthly office stipend, 401k, maternity & paternity leave, and generous PTO.
 Requirements
 We prefer not to set specific requirements for candidates - We know everyone has different career journeys and that’s something we embrace. If you feel confident that you would fit well into this role, we would like for you to apply!
 High level, that’s the job. We’re sure you have more detailed questions about the role and are excited to answer them during the interview process.
 Engineering Culture
 Here’s a high-level overview of the core values of our engineering team:
 We believe engineering teammates are owners of the Product.
 We believe in being lean, scoping projects, shipping continuously, communicating the good and bad.
 We believe in failure - it makes us stronger.
 We believe in shipping and iteration, not endless deliberation and inaction.
 We believe you thrive in a feedback heavy culture.
 We are opinionated, but open to ideas.
 We believe in writing code that follows existing patterns where applicable and writing code that can be easily understood by the next person that works on it - we favor avoiding complexity over cleverness and over-optimized solutions.
 We believe in asking for forgiveness not for permission - autonomy and self-management are important on our lean team.
 We're an outputs not an hours motivated organization. We expect our teammates to be productive and active contributors to our business.
 Pretty straightforward stuff, but we feel like it’s important to have an identity and practice what we preach.
 Initial Application
 When you apply please be prepared to share the following with us:

 A resume that highlights your skills and experience relative to the role above.
 A CV that tells us:

A little about yourself
 What you bring to Popular Pays
 What you hope to accomplish with your time at Popular Pays
 Something that excites you about Popular Pays
 Something you’ve done recently that you’re proud of (it does not have to be relevant to writing software!)
  


Our goal is to learn as much about you as possible with your resume and CV! We take a holistic approach to hiring - we’re humans first and we believe the ability to create something worth sharing is more than the surface level of being able to write code.
 Thanks for your time and we hope to hear from you!
 About Us:
 Popular Pays is the leading platform for agile advertising. Advertising is in a moment of transition and we’re betting that the way that work gets done in the future is a powerful mix of creativity + technology. We’ve built the modern approach to advertising: a global network of creators, a platform to streamline operations, and an expert service team to guide you along the way. The results are that our customers' creative gets to market faster, makes a bigger impact, and we add flexibility into their operations.
 Job types: Full-time, Part-time
 Work location: This is a remote position

This role can be performed remotely anywhere within the United States and Canada.

FullStory's mission is to help teams create amazing online experiences for their users. We do this by applying deep expertise in distributed systems and computer science to build an ambitiously high-scale, high-value platform, presented in an intuitive manner that customers love.

As a Software Engineer on the FullStory App UI team, you will help build tooling that is simple and scalable so that building the FullStory UI is fluid and intuitive. We take pride in the fact that our work is the foundation of the entire FullStory app. App UI empowers product teams to rapidly craft delightful digital experiences through tools, internal libraries, and documentation.

Day-to-day you'll:
Work in React and Typescript to build and maintain our React Component Library.
Contribute and improve components in our design system.
Empower fellow UI engineers by building tools, components, libraries, and processes that supercharge their work.
Address customer feedback, either through fixes, feature improvements, or helping support craft an answer. Well written communication goes a long way.
Improve our tooling, testing, or other shared infrastructure.
Work to ensure that the product makes sense from every angle.
We're looking for someone who:
Has 2+ years of React and TypeScript experience
Has experience implementing React best practices (e.g., Hooks)
Has experience working with Design System and associated tools (e.g., Storybook)
It would be amazing if:
You have experience building or maintaining a React Component Library or Design System
You have worked in a product-centric engineering role
You are self-motivated and excited to work collaboratively. Code reviews, design reviews, and pairing are the norm.
You have a passion for continuous improvement and learning
#LI-Remote #LI-RM1
About FullStory

Founded in 2014 on the belief that everyone benefits from a more perfect digital experience, FullStory's digital experience intelligence (DXI) platform empowers businesses to continuously improve their customer experience across sites and apps. FullStory is backed by world-class investors and has 500+ employees worldwide with offices in Atlanta and London. We are proud to have been named to Forbes' List of America's Top Startup Employers, Wealthfront's Career Launching Companies List, and LinkedIn's Top US Startups List. We are guided by our values of Empathy, Clarity, Bionics, and Trust, which we embed in our day-to-day work.

How we support you:

FullStorians are committed to building something better—from how we approach our product, to how we care for our customers and each other. Better is only possible when we can bring our full selves to work. Along these lines, we offer:

Autonomy and flexibility. From a remote-first work environment and unlimited paid time off, to an annual company-wide closure – FullStorians can focus on the moments that matter.
Benefits. Take care of the whole you. FullStory offers sponsored benefit packages for US-based FullStorians, and supplemental coverage options for international FullStorians.
Learning opportunities. We provide professional development opportunities through training programs, career coaching sessions, and an annual learning subsidy.
Productivity support. We provide all FullStorians with a monthly productivity stipend and reimburse remote colleagues for their initial home office set up.
Team events. Connect with fellow FullStorians through Employee Resource Group events, Listening & Alignment weeks, and team off-sites.
Paid parental leave. FullStorians have the flexibility to balance the needs of their growing families without the added stress of figuring out work and finances.
Bereavement leave. Every family is different; we leave it to you to define who your family is, and support you when you need it most.
Miscarriage/Pregnancy loss leave. Whether it is for a FullStorian or their partner – take the time you need.

FullStory is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to fostering an increasingly diverse community. We want candidates of all human varieties, backgrounds, and lifestyles. There's no problem that can't be made better by bringing together people with a broader set of perspectives. If our product, values, and community resonate with you, please apply - we'd love to hear from you!

If you may require reasonable accommodations to participate in our job application or interview process, please contact accommodations@fullstory.com. Requests for accommodations will be treated confidentially.


   Superpedestrian is engineering the future of micromobility. The Superpedestrian team is composed of some of the most talented operations specialists, policy managers, designers and engineers, all focused on transforming the future urban mobility. Our scooters, called LINK, were designed to prioritize safety from the inside out, and our Superpedestrian team is dedicated to building meaningful local and city partnerships across the world. Join us!
  


 We are seeking a Software Engineer to join the consumer software team. The ideal candidate has strong skills in backend development, optimizing algorithms and database structures.
  

    There are currently several opportunities open in the software team so we are looking for candidates at different stages of their career. Don’t hesitate to apply if you only meet some of the preferred qualifications, or if you feel you’re overqualified. This is a position where you will have the opportunity to shape your responsibilities based on the skills you bring to the table.
  

 What you'll do:

 Maintain a database-backed API backend
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design and ship new features.
 Contribute across the stack on developing web applications, data layers, and back end services.
 Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability
 Work on improving application performance and bug fixes
 Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency and application performance
 Participate in cross-team peer code reviews
 Participate in Agile Scrum sprint and release planning


 Who you are:

 5+ years of industry experience building scalable backend services
 Experience with Python or other scripting language
 Experience with Django, Rails, Node or similar web framework
 Experience with RESTful web services, JSON
 Working knowledge of database systems such as PostgreSQL, NoSQL (MongoDB)

 Bonus points:

 Experience storing and indexing large scale location data
 Ability to identify technology that will grow our big data processing capabilities
 Experience working with a developer community
 Passion for improving company wide processes leveraging software solutions

 Perks:

 Competitive benefits with company subsidized medical, dental, vision & disability insurance and a 401k plan. Generous time off policy.
 On the job training with a leadership team that is committed to growth and development of all employees.A team of awesome, like-minded, driven people that support each other, and mentors from across the top echelons of industry.
 The chance to have your voice heard and help shape Superpedestrian’s future.
 Equity in a fast growing company.
 A commitment to an actively anti-racist environment.


    Superpedestrian actively encourages applicants of all backgrounds. If you think you meet most of the requirements, but not every single point on the job description, please apply! We’d love to have a chat and see if you'd be a great addition to our team.
  




   Thank you for considering a career at Ensemble Health Partners!
  



     Job Description
   






        Job Competencies
      

 Valuing Differences - Works effectively with individuals of diverse cultures, interpersonal styles, abilities, motivations, or backgrounds; seeks out and uses unique abilities, insights, and ideas. Considers the collective.
 Collaboration - Works cooperatively within teams and partners with others, both internally and externally as needed, to achieve success; focuses on the results of the team, not the achievements of one person. It’s “All for One and One for All”
 Accountability - Accepts personal responsibility and/or consequences of failure and successes, delivering on commitments and refocusing effort when needed. Someone who is willing to step up and own it.
 Time Management - Effectively manages personal time and resources to ensure that work is completed efficiently.
 Developing Trust - Gains others’ confidence by acting with integrity and following through on commitments; treats others and their ideas with respect and supports them in the face of challenges.
 Takes Initiative - Takes prompt action to accomplish goals and achieve results beyond what is required; is proactive and pursues relentlessly.



        Essential Job Functions
      

 Responsibilities include: Design, developing, testing, deploy, monitoring, maintain, and continuously improving software
 Translate product concepts into project commitments that deliver incremental value to our customers frequently and with high quality
 Actively mentor the software engineering team through code reviews, and hands-on design sessions



        #LI-KS1
      

        #LI-Remote
      






    Scheduled Weekly Hours:
   40
  

    Work Shift:
   Days (United States of America)
  

    We’ll also reward your hard work with:
  

 Great health, dental and vision plans
 Prescription drug coverage
 Flexible spending accounts
 Life insurance w/AD&D
 Paid time off
 Tuition reimbursement
 And a lot more



 Ensemble Health Partners provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state and local law. If you require accommodation in the application process, please contact our Human Resources Department at 877-692-7780 or 

Recruitment@ensemblehp.com

. This department will make sure you get connected to a Human Resources representative that can assist you. 




    EEO is the Law
   


    FMLA Rights - English
   



     La FMLA Español
   



ISO: Junior React Developer
The PositionCarousel is building an e-learning platform that provides social-emotional learning (SEL) content via a gamified app and provides tools to engage with students through an advocate dashboard. You can learn more about SEL and its benefits here (https://casel.org/fundamentals-of-sel/what-does-the-research-say/#benefits).
We are seeking an energetic junior developer to help us refine the Carousel product suite. Our products are growing from a single content base to serving content from multiple providers, and we want you to help us make the leap. We hope to provide an excellent spot for you to grow your skills and participate in building a meaningful product with a motivated team.
Key Features- Fully remote – we primarily work asynchronously- Starts at 15/hr per week- Opportunity to renegotiate rate and hours in 3 months- Opportunity for a full-time salaried role
Required Education/Experience- Computer Science degree or college degree with equivalent experience- (non-negotiable) Either 1+ years of experience developing in ReactJS or NodeJS as an employee or contractor or 1+ years contributing to open source projects with other developers.
Required Skills- Strong JS fundamentals- Demonstrable team experience with ReactJS- Strong HTML5/CSS knowledge- Experience with the Context API and/or Redux- A solid understanding of responsive design- Ability to use version control and familiarity with code review- Ability to research and compare approaches and report the results of that research clearly and concisely
Our Tech Stack- ReactJS- Node.js- React Native- AWS & GCP- Strapi
The ProductHere's a video demo (also on our marketing site): https://youtu.be/pttV0uNGiNA.Here's a short deck with a more detailed platform intro: https://docsend.com/view/ckhc5bsuwhm2jpv2.
The CompanyCarousel is an early-stage edtech startup that was incorporated in the fall of 2020 as a public benefit corporation, which means we put impact over profits. Since inception, we’ve generated$50k in pre-sales from a strategic partner, Denver Kids, Inc., and we’ve raised $325k from angel investors.
Carousel embraces diversity and equal opportunity. We aim to build a team that reflects the differences in backgrounds, skills, and perspectives that can help us build better universal SEL tools.
The Team- Joe Ewing (CEO) has co-founded two other businesses, earned an MBA, focused on social impact and "fixing capitalism." Joe guides the company vision and handles the business side, including sales development, marketing, fundraising, investor relations, legal, administrative, and HR.
- Stephen Killingsworth (CTO) is an educational start-up founder, an engineer with over ten years of experience, and a technical product expert. Stephen is the head of engineering, oversees product development, and collaborates with Joe on strategic partnerships.
Cheers,Joe & Stephen - Co-founders at Carousel
Job Types: Part-time, Contract
Pay: $32.00 - $37.00 per hour
Benefits:

Flexible schedule

COVID-19 considerations:All work is 100% remote and we are sensitive to unexpected health-related issues.
Education:

Associate (Required)

Experience:

Software development: 1 year (Required)
React: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Location: Richland, WATitle: * Software Engineer - DevOps*Schedule (FT/PT): FTTravel Required: NoClearance: NoDue to Executive Order 14042, you may be required to provide proof of COVID19 vaccination to qualify for this position.North Wind Solutions is a Government contracting small business with operations at military and civilian installations across the United States. The Richland site project's primary focus is providing mission critical support for the Hanford site in the areas of Cyber Security, IT Infrastructure deployment and management to include network operations, End User Support services, Application Engineering with emphasis on software development and support, Records Management, and Project Management for the execution across the spectrum of provided services.Job DescriptionWe must ensure that we're building secure, reliable, and replicable systems to support Application Development and Infrastructure resources. We require an experienced DevOps Engineer to join our DevSecOps team and help us build out an Application Security and Automation program for on-premise and Azure cloud environments. This person serves as a technical resource who enables developers to secure their applications, builds infrastructure as code to support operations, and works closely with Cyber Security to ensure compliance

Develop and maintain Continuous Integration pipelines that implement standard processes such as unit testing, application security testing, software composition analysis, compliance & controls, and others.
Build Continuous Delivery pipeline processes to standardize application and infrastructure deployments for both Azure cloud and on-premise systems.
Contribute to security planning and implementation within applications and infrastructure.
Document and improve secure software development lifecycle processes and standards.
Deliver training and provide mentoring to software and DSO engineers on security topics.
Design and develop infrastructure as code and configuration management (Configuration as Code) both Cloud and on-premise environments.
Automate redundant tasks and processes related to software engineering, operations, and security
Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required: * Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Cyber Security, or a related technical field, plus a minimum of 4 years of experience in software engineering, or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Education and Experiences:  * Experience with modern application development languages and frameworks.

Experience with DevOps with strong understanding of CI/CD principles.
Team oriented.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.

Desired Qualifications:   Strong understanding of Azure cloud including any relevant certifications such as AZ-104, AZ-204, AZ-400, and/or AZ-500.**

* Experience with automation tooling platforms like Ansible, Terraform, Azure Resource Manager/Bicep.
Existing experience participating in a DevOps or DevSecOps culture and workspace.
Experience managing Azure DevOps instances and a thorough working knowledge of systems features and capabilities.
2 years of experience in Cyber Security or Automation systems.
Hands on experience with Docker/Containers, .Net (latest versions, Core, and Framework), and CFML (ColdFusion Markup Language)

Culture:

You'll be joining a team that's just getting started with DevSecOps (lots of room to grow!)
We strive to make the world a better place.
We empower people to bring the best in them.
We believe in trust, customer success, innovation, giving back, equality for all, wellness, transparency and fun.

U.S. citizen (U.S. born or naturalized).  U.S. citizen (U.S. born or naturalized) who does not hold dual citizenship. You agree to complete a Minimum Background Investigation (MBI) for a Moderate Public Trust position with the U.S. federal government or other clearances as deemed appropriate for the role.

North Wind offers a competitive pay and benefits package to include health, life, and disability insurance benefits, 401(k) with company match, generous paid leave and tuition reimbursement for eligible employees. As a company, we are committed to employee wellness, professional development, and work-life balance. We value safety, reliability, and commitment to our people! For more information about our benefits or hiring philosophy, visit the North Wind Career Opportunities Page.*

*

* Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The nature of those accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact our Helpline +1.208.528.8718 or use the Request for Reasonable Accommodation form to get assistance.
North Wind is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, religion, or other legally protected status. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
Proof of citizenship will be required as a condition of employment.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

10 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

DevOps: 3 years (Required)
software engineering: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Are you passionate about working for a company who's mission is to serve children and those in need? Do you want your life's work to make a difference? Is programming for new AI an interest if so, then this role is for you. We are committed to having a diverse team!
Job Duties:

Collaborate with Product Management to scope and execute on product features while furthering values.
Focus on longevity of the codebase - notice and advocate for patterns that allow code to be flexible, scalable, and approachable to other engineers
Help our team move quickly and learn while maintaining a welcoming and supportive culture
Push our product so it continues to be a beautiful, yet intuitive and accessible interface for users from all walks of life
Build internal tools to help our technical account management team customize for individual child welfare agencies.
Maintain HIPAA compliance for sensitive data that is shared with us

Requirements:

At least 3-5 years of professional software engineering experience
A self-motivated, independent engineer who can own projects from inception to completion
Solid programming foundation in at least one programming language and experience with software development workflows (version control, testing, code review).
End-to-end experience building, shipping, and maintaining products
Growth mindset: excited to level up themselves and bring everyone else along for the ride
Sense of urgency: focus on making incremental progress and unblocking themselves and others.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Java, Python, React, and/or GraphQL experience a plus

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $210,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Python: 2 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
React: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Do these qualities about a job resonate with you?

Having cutting edge embedded system problems to solve
 Be a part of a fast growth, remote first startup from San Francisco
 Operate with high ownership and impact rather than being a headcount
 Work with intelligent and collaborative engineers
 Get stuff done and have freedom to make decisions
 Get recognized and also be paid for the value you are adding
 Work on a fresh codebase, without dealing with tech debt
 Work on impactful things that affect millions of people everyday
 A place that invests in personal growth and learning by literally paying for learning opportunities
 Set of coworkers that can collaborate in a productive manner, towards a unified goal, rather than dealing with politics and personal agendas
 Work at a place where you feel excited coming to work, rather than feel a pit in your stomach thinking about Monday morning
 Develop Machine learning applications and use cases

About us
Swiftlane is reimagining how every door in every building works. So that you can walk up to a door and just use your face to unlock a door. Or use Siri to open a parking garage as you drive up to the building. Website – https://www.swiftlane.com/ 30 second video – https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YRDySqXAZo
Summary of the role
We are developing an ARM based access control system hardware that can modernize access to buildings. It will run face recognition access logic, interface with various access control hardware inside the building, like key card readers, face recognition readers, elevators, fire alarms etc. This system is cloud connected, and will communicate two way with the cloud based backend. It requires real time, fault tolerant messaging as well as data sync with the cloud. It will host high performance offline data cache of the entire system, by leveraging many types of databases. And much more, chat with us to learn more.
Key skills to succeed

Expert at writing multithreaded C++ applications
 expert at writing C firmware
 memory management and writing memory safe code
 interest and ability to write well tested code (we use Google tests)
 Collaborate with other engineers through written and verbal communication
 Writing and interfacing with common low level drivers
 Basic python scripting
 Interest in building reliable, multi process applications

Nice to have skills

ROS
 Yocto build process
 Basic electronics knowledge
 Knowledge of databases for embedded applications
 Knowledge of google cloud or AWS
 Experience with MQTT

About Swiftlane
At Swiftlane, we are reimagining access control to buildings. With Swiftlane, you can open building doors with face recognition, or use your mobile device for access. We are replacing keys with face access and mobile access. We don’t carry paper maps anymore, but we are still carrying keys around. We want to change that.
Swiftlane has raised over $9M from seasoned investors. We are based out of San Francisco, but also have a huge remote-first team distributed globally. We are already present in hundreds of buildings providing cutting-edge face recognition access and other modern security amenities.
How to Apply
To apply for this position, please send an email to contact@swiftlane.com with the link to this job posting, your resume, and an introduction about yourself. We look forward to talking with you!





Nira is looking for Fullstack Tech/Team Leads with specific experience in React/Typescript/GraphQL to join our fast growing, 100% remote team. Ideally these roles are located somewhere in the Americas (GMT-3 through GMT-7) but we'll consider qualified candidates from all locations/timezones.
 As a key member of our engineering team, you’ll lead the development of many high impact initiatives. We’re looking for strong engineers who work well on a small team and are excited about the opportunity to have a direct impact on improving customer experience. As a tech/team lead, you are someone who can see projects through from beginning to end, coach others, and self-manage, requiring good organizational skills and attention to detail. You will be responsible for the overall development and integration of our user interface and API components of our customer-facing applications.
 If you are technically-skilled, creative, and collaborative, then this is the perfect position for you.
 What You’ll Do

 Take a technical leadership role in a squad of 2-5 engineers in scoping, estimating and planning of enhancements to Nira’s customer facing web apps, informed by product management.
 Use your strong frontend and full stack development experience to deliver and drive work on new features/functions and iterating/improving existing features/functions reflecting user feedback and customer priorities.
 Collaborate with engineering and product managers to design and deliver high quality functions and features in the Nira app to match customer requirements and expectations
 Ensure that implemented frontend and full stack functionality meets performance requirements in terms of code quality, standards adherence, user loads (throughput/latency), user productivity, lifecycle sustainability
 Help train and mentor frontend and fullstack developers as they grow in new technical knowledge and experience.

 What We're Looking For

 Bachelors degree or equivalent experience
 You’ve got 3 years of small group leadership and coordination experience in planning and delivery of technical projects
 You’ve got 8 years of full stack hands on engineering experience with: Apollo, GraphQL, NodeJS, MongoDB, Postgres, TypeScript, React
 You have high accountability and ownership of your work.
 You have a bias towards action. You love to move fast, are self motivated, and a life-long learner.
 You care about working on fast-growing products while iterating and sweating the details.
 You’re willing to do whatever it takes, even if this means working outside of your role (occasional out of hours to sync across timezones, frontend help backend, handle customer support, etc).
 You’re able to effectively balance speed/quality/tech debt and make engineering decisions that enable speed and quality results.
 You’re a product thinker who cares about the customer.

 Benefits and Perks

 Work From Anywhere - 100% remote/distributed team
 Flexible Work Schedule
 BYO Kit or Company Allowance
 Competitive Salary
 Unlimited PTO
 Medical and Dental (US only)

 Reference #27nng


Eligible candidates must live in CA, WA, OR, ID, NV, or AZ and salary range will vary based on candidate geographical location. 
As a key member of a sophisticated systems engineering team, your focus will be on how to enable other to use the Infrastructure solutions and applications in support of Umpqua Bank initiatives. We want a forward thinking individual who will push a self-service agenda for infrastructure and cloud related requests. You will be part of a team evaluating, designing, and implementing new technologies, while also looking to make existing technologies more efficient and easier to use by others. Some technologies we use are Azure public cloud, Nutanix HCI, VMWare, Citrix, Windows and Linux servers, Pure storage, monitoring tools, Active Directory and related Microsoft infrastructure. Provide high level customer service to other technology and bank associates. Assist or advise other TAG teams on technical issues. Participate in migration of various solutions from on premises to Azure cloud. Participate in infrastructure automation efforts as we move toward an infrastructure as code approach using orchestration and configuration management tools (examples include Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, SaltStack, etc.).
Functions

Responsible for planning, implementing and maintaining both public cloud and private cloud systems at Umpqua Bank.
This position is responsible for installing/configuring/maintaining systems, servers, client-based solutions, storage and applications within the following technologies:
Azure cloud, Server Operating Systems (Windows Linux), SCCM, Citrix (desktops and applications), storage technologies, backup/data protection technologies, hyper-converged infrastructure, virtualization,
Active Directory components, vulnerability remediation on all infrastructure components and Disaster Recovery planning/participation.
Learn or use Agile principles in an IT Operations environment
Researching, analyzing, recommending, and implementing solutions within their scope and enhancements. Requires the ability to systematically isolate technical issues and provide outstanding technical support to our clients.
Sharing rotation of on-call duties after hours and weekends to respond to emergency outages.
Preparing system solution designs, implementing complex enterprise-class systems and applications, analyzing the performance of infrastructure to assist with capacity planning, and performing system upgrades and monitoring the health of all systems, infrastructure and applications.
May be asked to coach, mentor, or train others and teach coursework as subject matter expert.
Demonstrate compliance with all bank regulations that apply to your position, and keep up to date on regulation changes.
Maintain working knowledge of our policies and procedures regarding the Bank Secrecy Act, Regulation CC, Regulation E, Bank Security and other regulations that apply to your position.

Qualifications

5-10+ years' experience in system or infrastructure engineering in a mid-size company with a proven track record of success.
Certification in one or more of the above-mentioned technologies preferred.
Strong coordination, organization, troubleshooting and communication abilities required.
Proven experience with building and maintaining hybrid cloud systems and infrastructure.
Advanced knowledge of and experience with several core technologies including Azure cloud, Server Operating Systems (Windows Linux), Microsoft Systems Center, Citrix (desktops and applications), Nutanix, VMWare, Active Directory components, Vulnerability remediation and Disaster Recovery planning/participation.
Proven experience with troubleshooting principles, methodologies, and issue resolution techniques.
Excellent verbal and written communications.
Knowledge of trends in technology in multiple areas.
Proven ability to absorb new ideas and concepts quickly.
Experience developing architecture documentation/Roadmaps.

Physical Requirements and Working Conditions
Work involves:

Sitting
Occasional walking
Lifting up to 10 pounds.

No relocation is offered.
This is a remote work opportunity that is available to people who reside in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, California, or Nevada while employed with us.
About Us
We do things a little differently here at Umpqua. Our retail stores serve as community hubs, our associates are given up to 40 hours of volunteer time each year, and we're never satisfied with the status quo. Greatness has no finish line, so we continue every day to keep people at the center of everything we do. We focus on building relationships, understanding our customers' needs and connecting to people in new and innovative ways -- always staying true to our mission of providing personalized banking for all people, whenever and however they prefer to bank.
Umpqua Bank is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. We maintain a drug-free workplace and may perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
#LI-ST1
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $64,450.00 - $154,288.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

software engineer: 6 years (Required)
AzureDevOps: 6 years (Required)
SonarQube: 6 years (Required)
VeraCode: 6 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Senior Software Engineer I – Front-End
 At Curriculum Associates (CA), we believe a diverse team leads to diversity in thinking, making our products better for teachers and students. If you read this job description, feel energized by what you see here, and believe you could bring passion and commitment to the role, but you aren’t sure you meet every qualification, please apply! Above all, we are looking for the right person!
 Take one of the most innovative educational technology brands to the next level by becoming part of our rapidly growing organization. We are seeking a self-driven, passionate, and talented Senior Front-end Software Engineer with focused experience in modern front-end technologies and is passionate about helping make the world a better place. As a Senior Front-end Engineer at Curriculum Associates, you will be part of a high-performing team that is designing and building our instructional lessons.
 The impact you’ll have:

 You will be part of a rapidly growing ed-tech company and will impact classrooms and students with your contributions to i-Ready, our award-winning K-12 educational software service.
 You will design and develop code that delivers rich experiences using Javascript, React, Redux, CSS, Canvas, CreateJS, and other modern JavaScript frameworks.
 You will work collaboratively with your agile development team members, product owners, and others to understand requirements and deliver solutions.
 You will help build new and innovative solutions that solve challenging software issues.

 Who we’re looking for:

 You are a self-driven individual who is eager to grow their knowledge of front-end technologies.
 You are a born problem-solver who can find and implement solutions to complex problems.
 You have experience developing front-end highly engaging software solutions.
 You’ve got strong experience with the ins and outs of JS core capabilities.
 You’ve worked with CI/CD, Node, NPM, and Webpack.
 You’ve worked within the framework of the Agile methodology.
 You are a service-oriented individual who want to understand the customers they are serving and incorporate that into the product they build.
 People who are passionate about creating, owning, and maintaining clear and testable code.
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent experience.
 4+ years hands-on experience in software development
 A good understanding of data structures and algorithms.

 We’d also love to see, though not required:

 Experience with any of the following technologies is an advantage: CreateJS, CSS, WAI-ARIA, React, Redux, and TypeScript
 Previous experience in building responsive web applications or games
 Experience working in the world of open-source projects
 Educational or ed-tech background



Project Manager – (Web Development)
DescriptionUseful Group is looking for a Project Manager to help our development team manage multiple web projects and ongoing tickets.
Reporting to our Web Development Project Manager Team Leader and collaborating with our team of 5 web developers, this role includes project scoping, task assignments, client communications, timeline management, and ensuring project teams have what they need to deliver results. While some repetitive tasks are part of this position, week-to-week tasks will vary based on the needs of the business. The most important responsibility of the Project Manager is ensuring agency projects are completed with a high level of efficiency, timeliness, and effectiveness.
While the ideal candidate lives in Chicagoland, that’s not required as this position will be working with colleagues across time zones. Typical hours for this role are regular business hours, Monday to Friday. On occasion there will be a need to travel or work additional hours on evenings or weekends, but this is an exception to the norm.
Some of Useful Group's clientele are Christian and faith-based ministries, non profits, and publishers. All applicants should be comfortable working with these clients who may or may not share your same beliefs.
Company Overview
Useful Group exists to make great missions more effective. We’re a team of strategists, creatives, and problem solvers serving organizations and individuals committed to making the world a better place. We specialize in strategy, branding, marketing, web development, and creative production. Learn more at UsefulGroup.com -- https://www.usefulgroup.com/.
Responsibilities

Manages and coordinates multiple projects from beginning to end
Develops and maintains project plans, activities, and schedules
Communicates requirements and ongoing progress to ensure work is advancing
Monitors deadlines and provides clear notice if delivery dates are in jeopardy
Looks for roadblocks and friction points, proactively working with leaders and stakeholders to solve issues in advance
Keeps documents and folders organized across multiple projects
Prepares status reports with the metrics needed to determine project health
Coordinates team briefings, internal reviews, and other meetings as needed
Serves as a liaison between company teams
Models company values to enhance strong collaboration across teams

Qualifications
1. Education: A bachelor’s degree or equivalent.2. Work Experience: 3 or more years experience in a web development project manager capacity.3. Agency Knowledge: While experience in every aspect of the job is not required, the person in this role should have an understanding of the inner workings and complexities of the agency environment, as well as a grasp on the capabilities of the departments common to creative and web agencies (content, design, development, marketing). This experience will reduce onboarding time and allow the candidate to quickly integrate intoUseful Group.
4. Quality Communication: The PM must be an excellent communicator, in both written and oral form. This includes being able to take a large amount of information and summarize it quickly both in writing and orally on a regular basis. You must also be able to track communication (and be very responsive) across multiple channels without losing any details. Those channels could include in-person meetings, virtual video calls, Basecamp messages, text messages and/or emails. Basecamp is our primary tool for internal communication and project management.
5. Discretion: Since PMs regularly work with confidential information, discretion and sensitivity regarding business and financial information is essential.
6. Team Player: This person will be working with team members across our organization.They will need to be able to collaborate and communicate well with multiple personalities, maintaining a supportive and positive spirit.
7. Anticipating Needs: The PM will strive to anticipate needs and eliminate friction points whenever possible. This means they know how to stay several steps ahead of their teammates, clearing the path for them to make their greatest contributions.
8. Affinity for Technology: The PM must be comfortable using a Mac computer and not be intimidated by learning new technology. Proficiency in the following tech platforms is ideal: Basecamp, WordPress, Mac OS, Google Suite, Trello (basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JS, PHP would be a bonus but not required).
Skills & Culture
The person in this role must be a collaborative, quick learner with the ability to adapt in an ever-changing landscape. They think proactively to reduce friction for other team members in completing their work. They take initiative to solve problems and work independently with minimal direction. They value feedback and are eager to learn and develop their skills.
Candidates should share Useful Group’s mission and be comfortable working with diverse people regardless of race, political affiliation, gender, sexual orientation, religion, and culture.
At Useful Group, we believe the most fulfilling life is the one most useful to others. Everything we do is useful to someone or something bigger than us. But this also means we care for our colleagues inside the company. We push each other to create the best product possible, but we also remember that time away from work is good and needed—whether that’s a vacation or a short break because it’s been a rough day.
Good work doesn’t have to come at the expense of a good time. We have a lot of fun at Useful Group and we think it helps us do our jobs better. If all this sounds like you, we hope you’ll throw in your application!
Useful Group Offers: 

Competitive salary
Health and dental insurance plans available for you and your family
Flexible work hours
Work from anywhere
The prioritization of healthy work-life balance
Generous, flexible vacation policy
Project timelines that take your capacity and capabilities into account
Work with a wide range of clients in various industries

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $48,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

We are interested in candidates who have project management experience leading web development projects in in a creative marketing and/or web development agency setting. We do not need you to be a web developer, we are interested in project management for web development work. How many years of experience do you have in project management for web development work?
What are your interests, activities, and/or passions outside of work?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Project Management: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Elemind is seeking a full-time mid to senior level firmware engineer to develop next generation wearable neurotechnology. The engineer will lead development of the embedded firmware in Elemind’s products and will be a key contributor in taking the product from prototype to production and beyond. The candidate ideally has experience with C/C++, FreeRTOS, writing drivers, and implementing signal processing algorithms. The candidate must understand the need to move fast but also be rigorous with their work, taking the time to document and annotate to aid future debugging. This is an ideal position for a talented programmer willing to learn quickly and take responsibility for a wide variety of software development challenges. This is a fully remote position with a slight preference for candidates in the NYC, Boston, and LA areas.
Please review the Minimum Qualifications below carefully. We have taken care to truly make it a list of minimum qualifications - if you do not meet any of them, we respectfully request that you not apply for this position.
Responsibilities: 

Contribute to all phases of the software lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design, implementation, test coordination, release, support, and documentation
Analyze technical problems and propose design of comprehensive solutions
Develop/maintain control software in Java
Implement or port existing algorithms from C++ and MATLAB
Develop test routines and scripts
Develop peripheral drivers (i.e. accelerometer, temperature sensor, light sensor, etc)
Debug communication protocols
Choose and integrate a NAND file system
Participate in code reviews with the leadership team
Lead and manage the work of a small team of firmware engineers, external and/or internal

Minimum Qualifications: 

BSEE/BSCE with a minimum of 5 years of related work experience
Experience programming in C and C++ for embedded devices
Experience reading IC data sheets and implementing their binary protocols
Experience programming in Java
Experience in FreeRTOS
Experience with git version control
Familiarity with Bluetooth and BLE embedded communication stacks
Familiarity with battery management and battery charging circuits
Expertise with basic lab equipment (oscilloscopes, power supplies, multimeters, etc)
Experience with test scripts
Knowledge of digital signal processing algorithms like FFTs and Filters and experience implementing algorithms originally developed in MATLAB

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience debugging embedded ARM systems.
Experience debugging electrical circuits by tracing and probing
Experience with Jira
Experience with Kotlin/Swift

ABOUT ELEMIND
Elemind Technologies, Inc. is a disruptive neurotechnology company whose products use bleeding edge and novel neuromodulation techniques and precisely timed brain stimulation to drive brainwaves. We are a small team comprised of world-class neuroscientists, engineers, and multidisciplinary inventors who take pride in solving difficult and complex technological problems. We are well capitalized and backed by top tier VCs and angels. Come join us.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $78,965.00 - $154,509.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

C++: 2 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
FreeRTOS: 1 year (Preferred)
Signal processing: 1 year (Preferred)
MATLAB: 1 year (Preferred)
Bluetooth Low Energy: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Remote Principal Software Engineer for a well-known financial organization in the Raleigh-Durham, NC area. The Principal Software Engineer will be responsible for designing and developing internal tools. The ideal candidate for the Principal Software Engineer role will be knowledgeable about the cloud.

 Responsibilities for the Principal Software Engineer include:

 Gain cloud native development skills from a passionate and experienced leadership team
 Design and build tools for internal development team of REST and GraphQL APIs
 Innovate all aspects of the software development life cycle
 Mentor junior team members 

Requirements for Principal Software Engineer include:

 6+ years of programming experience in Java, Node.js, or Go
 Experience/exposure with AWS/Cloud
 Kubernetes, Terraform, or CloudFormation experience is a plus
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field

 Compensation of the Principal Software Engineer:

 Salary Range: $125,000-$135,000 plus a bonus and comprehensive benefits package




  Description: 
   We are Dynamic Range Labs, a group of creative developers looking for another hardworking and imaginative team member to join our growing team.
 As a part of our team, you’ll support our clients in the electronics industry using modern design practices and emerging technologies. You will get the chance to help shape our company as we expand our core capabilities and services.
 For this role we are seeking someone to join one of our eCommerce focused teams as we build out new features and functionality for our clients.
 Responsibilities

 Maintain reproducibility of infrastructure for multiple environments by provisioning infrastructure using infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform.
 Build and maintain reusable infrastructure modules using Terraform and Terragrunt.
 Enable team to deliver continuously by extending and creating CI/CD pipelines.
 Manage the instrumentation of services to facilitate monitoring and alerting for incident response and capacity planning.
 Maximize availability through proactive monitoring and automated deployment gates that verify an application’s readiness before promoting it to production.
 Troubleshoot performance issues and broken deployments.
 Manage the configuration of all services and environments used by the team.
 Assist the team in architecting scalable and secure solutions.
 Maintain technical documentation for infrastructure.
 Ensure on call team members are adequately supported with runbooks for alerts and scenarios they may encounter.
 Proactively eliminate toilsome tasks through automation.
 Provide insights into system performance and behavior by building dashboards in Kibana and Grafana.

 Benefits

 Medical, dental and vision
 Life Insurance
 LTD
 401K match
 Paid Time Off and paid holidays
 Flexible/hybrid schedule
 EAP
 . Requirements: 
   Required Experience

 3+ years of DevOps experience.
 Professional experience provisioning and maintaining Kubernetes clusters using one of the major cloud provider’s managed Kubernetes platform (Azure AKS, AWS EKS, GKE).
 Professional experience provisioning cloud resources with Terraform.
 Demonstrated ability to write automation scripts.
 Knowledge of networking concepts such as virtual networks, subnets, and DNS.
 Strong Linux system administration skills.

 Desired Experience

 Experience with Terragrunt.
 Experience provisioning Kubernetes resources (deployments, secrets, etc) using the Kubernetes provider for Terraform.
 Experience with database technologies such as ElasticSearch, Redis, and MongoDB.
 Backend development experience with Node.js or Golang.
 Experience with TypeScript.
 Experience with monitoring technologies such as Prometheus, APM, and ElasticSearch.
 Track record of performing successfully in a distributed team environment.
 Professional experience supporting a multi-tenant SaaS platform.


About Ankr

Paving the way to the open internet of the future, Ankr offers node solutions for over 50 different chains and a "1 click" API service for Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, Polygon, Avalanche and more. Our primary mission is to help usher in developers into the web3 ecosystem. To do this, we pioneer new solutions to solve some of the most pressing problems across decentralized systems and the DeFi movement, to lower the entry barrier for everyday people, enterprises, and developers to contribute to blockchain ecosystems.

Check us out: https://www.ankr.com/

Ankr was founded in 2017 in Berkeley, California. The founding team and headquarters are based in San Francisco. Ankr has a distributed team of over 150+ people operating remotely and from offices in San Francisco, Shanghai, Moscow, and Amsterdam.

The next phase of the internet is based on distributed networks which make the new generation of platforms, applications and services more private, secure, reliable and censorship resistant.

By cutting out intermediaries and gatekeepers, builders and users gain back control over their applications and data.

Our mission is to make web3 easy to use for everyone!

Responsibilities
Implement and own marketing pages
Implement and own an interactive signup experience
Collaborate with backend engineers to design and implement reporting dashboard
Requirements
Experience working with modern frontend build systems
Proven track record with a modern frontend framework
Experience bootstrapping projects from the ground up
Experience with the Web3 tech stack

ANKR is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.


   Mediaocean is the mission-critical platform for omnichannel advertising. With more than $200 billion in annualized media spend managed through its software, Mediaocean connects brands, agencies, media, technology, and data. Using AI and machine learning technology to control marketing investments and optimize business outcomes, Mediaocean powers campaigns from planning, buying, ad serving, and creative personalization to analysis, optimization, invoices, and payments. Mediaocean employs 1,500 staff across 30 global offices and supports over 100,000 people using its products.
  

    Mediaocean was recently named 
   #1 ad tech company in AdAge Best Places to Work. Visit 
   www.mediaocean.com to learn more, or check us out on 
   LinkedIn, 
   Glassdoor, 
   Facebook, or 
   Twitter.
  


 What You Will Do:


    As a Software Engineer (Fullstack), you will be responsible for helping craft the future of our service - both on the frontend interfaces and the backend APIs to support it. You will work closely with people across engineering, product, and design to help develop an amazing experience for our agency & brand customers.
  


 We care deeply about our tech stack and tools, focusing on the best technologies to get the job done. We've built a large modern single-page Ember application which we are rapidly moving to React. Performance is incredibly important to us, as we often need to surface extremely large datasets to our users. We are a team that values continuous learning, curiosity, clear communication, deep self-motivation and are committed to building an inclusive environment for everyone.
  


 We are open to hiring candidates in any of our US office locations or 100% remote.
  


 Responsibilities will include:


Build, test and ship new user facing code in modern tools
Partner with other engineers, product managers, designers and leadership to turn our vision into a concrete roadmap every quarter
Create trustworthy user experiences by building products that are simple, easy to understand, performant and reliable
Advise on feasibility and offer creative solutions for interactive UI elements, optimal user experience and efficiency
Turn design concepts into polished, accessible, cross-browser, responsive templates and reusable components
Leverage your experience with a broad range of technology stacks, platforms and workflow tools to do your best work and teach others to do the same
Articulate a long-term vision for maintaining and scaling our systems across the board




 Who You Are:


3+ years of overall software development experience
Proficient in frontend languages and frameworks like JavaScript, React and TypeScript
Has worked with modern backend languages such as Python or Java.
Experience with Restful APIs and/or GraphQL
You've designed, built and shipped modern, component-based user interfaces
You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your users
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or relevant degree



 Why Mediaocean?


100% Remote
Full healthcare benefits (PPO & CDHP medical plans, dental, and vision) & 401k
New parents are offered six weeks paid leave
Open PTO; vacation/sick/religious observances/philanthropy opportunities
Professional development opportunities within our Learning & Development programs
Belong@Mediaocean affinity based groups of colleagues to create community
All of these benefits/perks are effective on the date of hire



 We would hate to miss out on your application because you do not meet every requirement – transferrable skills and education will also be considered, so please do not hesitate to apply!
  



    Mediaocean recognizes our true strength and value shine when all our team members feel there is space in the conversation for their voices, thoughts, ideas, perspectives, and concerns. Mediaocean is committed to being an equal opportunity employer, and we consider all applicants regardless of their age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religion, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
  


 If you're an existing Mediaocean employee and would like to submit a referral, click here.
  


Title: Jr and Mid-Level Java Developer Location: Anywhere in the US Duration: Fulltime (career upskilling + placement)
Quick Introduction, I am Abhishek, working as a recruiter with GenSpark a division of Pyramid Consulting Inc. A leading IT staffing organization. I came across your profile and feel that your skills and professional experience would be a good fit for a position with one of our premier technology consulting clients. The client is looking for people who can support them in their technology transformation journey on Cloud, Digital, Security, etc.,
Pyramid / GenSpark will provide six weeks of paid training on Java Full Stack, and once the training is completed successfully, you will be placed as a consultant at the client site (some clients offer remote opportunities until Covid reduces). Please review the job description below. If you are interested in this position, please forward your updated resume for immediate consideration and preferred time to discuss this opportunity further.
Junior-Level Java Developer
Qualifications to join GenSpark:

Strong skills in communication, motivation, and self-discipline
Willing to commit to a role for a minimum of 1 year
1-4 year of working experience in developing business applications using OOPS concepts (without this experience, you may be considered for more junior training with GenSpark)
Willingness to relocate within the US (we will assist with relocation costs)

What we offer:

Rapid career growth, with focused and intensive training,
Paid training for 4-8 weeks
Compensation in line with industry forms
Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits
Relocation assistance, if required for client assignment
Mentorship and support throughout the program
Networking opportunities within your industry with peers and industry leaders

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Java: 2 years (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +1 (404) 991-3712



Black Knight is the premier provider of integrated technology, services, data and analytics that lenders and servicers look to first to help successfully manage the entire loan life cycle. Our deep understanding of regulatory and compliance issues complements the knowledge, technology and solutions we offer to help our clients achieve their business goals. Black Knight offers leading software systems; data and analytics offerings; and information solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage life cycle. 

JOB FAMILY DESCRIPTION 
Works closely with customers, business analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. These solutions must be aligned with business and IT strategies and comply with the organization’s architectural standards. Involved in the full systems life cycle, design, coding, testing, implementation, maintenance and support of applications software that is delivered on time and within budget. Responsibilities may also include participation in component and data architecture design, performance monitoring and product evaluation. Has a solid understanding of systems analysis, design, development, and quality assurance and integration methodologies. 

GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES 

Provides design development of projects involving application development, migrations, and additions to existing applications. 
Participates in project meetings with other technical staff, business owners and subject matter experts. 
Assesses and develops design requirements for project and communicates in writing or in meetings with development team while assessing detailed specifications against design requirements. 
Reviews application in progress of development to ensure compliance with overall design parameters and corporate development standards. 
Develops and/or reviews development of test protocols for testing application before user acceptance. 
Reviews test results and directs further development. 
May provide, or guide provision of technical support to applications currently in production. 
May mentor or guide work of less experienced programming and development staff. 
Performs other related duties as assigned. 


EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINES 
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience. 

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES 

Familiar with development technologies such as C#.NET, Java, SQL Server, TFS, Visual Studio, and JavaScript. 
Understanding of Object Oriented Programming (OOP) and application development principles. 
Knowledge building and supporting applications. 
Excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills. 
Ability to develop partnership-oriented relationships with business executives and functional leaders, especially as it relates to operations and technology. 
Must be able to multitask in a fast-paced environment with focus on timeliness, documentation, and communications with peers and business users alike. 
Experience with project management. 
Ability to communicate well both verbally and in writing to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels within Black Knight or outside the organization (executives, regulators, clients, etc.) 
Results oriented, business focused, and successful at interfacing across multiple organizational units 
Knowledge of the Financial Services, Mortgage or Fintech Industry a plus. 


Applications Programmer I 
Entry-level role into the job family. Works under general direction on small to moderate development projects as a team member. Develops solutions requiring analysis and research under the general direction of more senior application development analysts, supervisors or managers. Generally works on one project at a time as a project team member. Typically requires up to three (3) years of programming/systems analysis experience. 
Although target pay range may vary by work location, a representative pay range is $65,000 to $70,000. Eligible to participate in medical, dental and vision insurance, life insurance and disability insurance, 401(k) plan and employee stock purchase plan. Eligible to participate in the discretionary annual performance bonus. 

Black Knight is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, and protected veteran or military family status. Our employees’ diversity is our strength, and when we embrace our differences, it makes us better and brighter. Black Knight’s commitment to inclusion is at the core of who we are, and motivates us in how we do business each and every day. 

Location: Remote 
  
Time Type: Full time
 



4+ years of professional software development experience
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one software programming language
 2+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
 2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 4+ years of professional software development experience
 BS or MS Degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience in mission critical services, in depth understanding of operational excellence.
 Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services


 Job summary Are you ready to make a BIG difference? Join the AWS Managed Services (AMS)! Our vision is to increase enterprise adoption of AWS by providing an AWS infrastructure operations management service. AMS provides automated outcomes for critical infrastructure operations across provisioning, monitoring, auto remediation, patch, backup, compliance, security and recovery. You will be at the forefront of cloud technologies with interactions across the full breadth of AWS services. You will build intelligent software that automates infrastructure operations and provides recommendations to AWS users who are hungry for deep insights into cost optimization, performance, security, and fault tolerance. You will become an AWS expert who works with a variety of teams to understand how all the AWS services come together. You will be surrounded by people that are smart and passionate about cloud computing and solving customer problems. We are looking for someone interested in working with a team solving hard challenges for enterprise customers, and making all of AWS better in the process. We have opportunities for cross team initiatives, and cross org initiatives. The ideal candidate will be located in the Pacific Time Zone. 
 


Familiarity with AWS services is a plus
 Familiarity with Linux development environment
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to probe requirements, articulate software product features, and estimate execution timelines
 Can deal well with ambiguous, undefined problems; ability to think abstractly and turn abstractions into results

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

Instrument is a digital product and brand experience agency of more than 400 talented people on a dozen different teams, each focused on particular clients and dedicated to producing best-in-class work. Our shift to a remote-first model has only strengthened and diversified our company culture, and we’re committed to career advancement, personal support, and a healthy work/life balance for everyone we hire.
You’re an experienced backend developer who can architect and execute on medium to large scale applications, manage and execute deployments in an efficient, organized and timely way and always with security and efficiency in mind. You know the systems and languages well enough to tackle any size problem with the appropriate solution, and can articulate the process in understandable terms to the rest of your team. You're fluent in multiple languages and are able to articulate solutions to a wide audiene.
Job Type: Full-time


  Description: 
   Abacus Solutions Group:
 We're built on our shared core values! We are difference-makers, passionate about serving, we work hard with integrity and do the right thing. Difference makers means that we look at every opportunity as a chance to make a difference. Passionate about serving means that we are always looking for ways to serve our customers and coworkers. Working hard and doing the right thing with integrity means that for every decision we first ask, “Is the decision consistent with our moral and ethical principles”. We hire, review, reward and recognize our teammates based on these characteristics, so it is important that you share these values to be part of the team.
 Overview:
 We’re hiring a DevOps Engineer to work on a contract project within Microsoft. This position is projected to begin as soon as a qualified candidate is identified.
 The DevOps Engineers support the build, test, and release processes for internally built software and system tools and systems. The candidate will work offsite and meet with team leadership weekly, monthly, and as needed.
 Long Term Project
 Responsibilities:

 Work on design, development, automation, and maintenance of product and release
 Documenting software for source code management, software compilation, and or artifacts content distribution
 Ensures efficient planning, installation/configuration, maintenance, and operations of hardware and software to build, validate, and release software products
 Ensures timely software releases and implementations from development to deployment
 Performs/administers builds, packaging, analysis, and version build/release
 Requires deep knowledge of software configuration management
 Debug nodes
 . Requirements: 
  
Advanced Linux Administration
 Kubernetes
 Docker engine experience (check, start, stop, debug docker engine failure)
 Docker containers (create image and manage)
 NFS experience (add, manage, etc.)
 Ansible
 SSH (configure, public/private, etc.)
 Static IP, DHCP, DNS – administration and debugging
 PXE (administration, workflow, debugging)
 Physical Hardware Management
 Familiarity with how servers function (deploy, boot, operate, etc.)
 NVIDIA Server (NVIDIA GPUs including PeerDirect, Frameworks, etc.)
 System Event Log management
 iLo, iDRAC, BMC, Redfish
 InfiniBand

 Education:

 Bachelor’s Degree in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) preferred
 3+ years of experience OR Master’s Degree in computer science STEM Degree
 1+ years of software development experience preferred

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.



At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. 

Job Description 
This position will be responsible for the analysis, design, testing, development and maintenance of best in class software experiences. The candidate is a self-motivated individual who can collaborate with a team and across the organization. The candidate takes responsibility of the software artifacts produced adhering to U.S. Bank standards in order to ensure minimal impact to the customer experience. The candidate will be adept with the agile software development lifecycle and DevOps principles. 

#LI-REMOTE 


Essential Responsibilities: 


Responsible for designing, developing, testing, operating and maintaining products. 
Takes full stack ownership by consistently writing production-ready and testable code. 
Consistently creates optimal design adhering to architectural best practices; considers scalability, reliability and performance of systems/contexts affected when defining technical designs. 
Makes sound design/coding decisions keeping customer experience in the forefront. 
Takes feedback from code review and apply changes to meet standards. Conducts code reviews to provide guidance on engineering best practices and compliance with development procedures. 
Accountable for ensuring all aspects of product development follow compliance and security best practices. 
Exhibits relentless focus in software reliability engineering standards embedded into development standards. 
Embraces emerging technology opportunities and contributes to the best practices in support of the bank's technology transformation. 
Contributes to a culture of innovation, collaboration and continuous improvement. 
Reviews tasks critically and ensures they are appropriately prioritized and sized for incremental delivery. Anticipates and communicates blockers and delays before they require escalation. 



Basic Qualifications 

Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience 
Three to five years of relevant experience 


Preferred Skills/Experience 

Must have 3 years of experience in . Net . 
Basic experience with the public cloud preferably Azure 
Ability to develop in Java Script/ REACT and also experienced with C# development. 
Knowledge in using automation using scripting tools/languages 
Use of DevOps tooling ( Jenkins, source control, etc) 
Implementation of monitoring and logging tools ( App Dynamics, Splunk ) 
Experience operating applications with zero downtime and 100% availability 
Understands and models agile behaviors and concepts 
Experience with many of the following areas: 
Adept with agile software development lifecycle and DevOps principles 
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 


If there’s anything we can do to accommodate a disability during any portion of the application or hiring process, please refer to our disability accommodations for applicants . 

Benefits:  Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family. 

Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting careers.usbank.com . 

EEO is the Law  Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster. 

E-Verify 
U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program . 
Due to legal requirements, U.S. Bank requires that the successful candidate hired for some positions be fully-vaccinated for COVID-19, absent being granted an accommodation due to a medical condition, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious belief or other legally required exemption. For these positions, as part of the conditional offer of employment, the successful candidate will be asked to provide proof of vaccination or approval for an accommodation or exemption upon hire.
 

About Protocol Labs

Protocol Labs drives breakthroughs in computing to push humanity forward. Protocol Labs is a product-development lab, but behind the protocols and tools we build, behind the research and implementations, are passionate people, teammates, and community members. Most teams in the Protocol Labs Network are fully distributed and work remotely around the world. Engineers, researchers, and operators work in the open to improve the internet — humanity's most important technology — as we explore new advances at the intersection of many exciting fields (crypto, networks, distributed systems) and cultures (startups, research, open-source, distributed work).
Stewards IPLD sets direction/standards for projects, protocols, and architecture. Cultivate a vibrant contributing community around IPLD

As Engineering Manager at Protocol Labs, you will...

Magnify the impact of multiple teams of software engineers and open source contributors in their implementation of complex, distributed systems and protocols.
Grow engineers’ skills, experience and confidence through regular 1:1s, coaching, actionable feedback, work and peer alignment, and career advocacy.
Lead, improve, and document processes for technical prioritization, planning, design, implementation and releases in harmony with and expanding open source community participation.
Communicate regularly with stakeholders and adjacent teams to build a shared understanding and accommodation of competing priorities.
Empower engineers to solve problems, fostering a balance of velocity and rigor through scalable, asynchronous decision-making practices.
Maintain and strengthen a team and community culture of growth, openness, trust, rigor, humility, mutual support, and psychological safety.
Advocate for and enhance PL’s asynchronous, autonomous, and distributed working culture.
Lead the process of recruiting great engineers for your project, in collaboration with PL’s recruiting team.
Support and guide other people-managers at Protocol Labs as a member of PL’s young engineering management discipline.
You may be a fit for this role if you have...
Demonstrable success as an engineering lead/manager fostering highly-functional, healthy, inclusive and collaborative teams.
Technical credibility through lengthy software engineering experience with back-end and distributed systems and infrastructure.
A strong desire for and history of contributions to open source projects and communities.
Experience working with and/or managing geographically distributed teams.
Actively coached, mentored and grown team members in their careers.
Ability to thrive with a high level of self-direction, autonomy and responsibility.
A track record of recruiting and retaining great people to your teams.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
An excitement for collaborating with people across Protocol Labs towards our shared mission.
Bonus Points
You have experience with or deep knowledge of cryptography, globally distributed systems, blockchain or other related domains.
Demonstrable open source community curation and leadership experience.

#LI-MT1
What’s it like to work at Protocol Labs?

Protocol Labs' mission is to improve humanity’s most important technology, the Internet. We build protocols, systems, and tools to improve how it works. Today, we are focused on how we store, locate, and move information. Our projects include IPFS, Filecoin, libp2p, and more.

As a distributed team, we hire anywhere in the world, and at various levels of experience (entry, senior, staff). We look for people with unique perspectives and diverse backgrounds.

We have a great benefits package, including parental leave, contributions to your retirement, competitive pay, and unlimited time off. For U.S.-based employees, we also provide platinum-level health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family.

If you’re passionate about the future of computing and a more democratized internet, we want to talk to you.


GDPR for Job Applicants and Candidates

When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Protocol Labs, Inc. (“Protocol Labs”), which is located at 427 N Tatnall St #51207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 and can be contacted by emailing legalrequests[at]protocol.ai. Protocol Labs’ data protection team can be contacted via legalrequests[at]protocol.ai. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Protocol Labs’ recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Protocol Labs, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.

Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Protocol Labs to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Protocol Labs’ behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards.

Your personal data will be retained by Protocol Labs as long as Protocol Labs determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment or to assist in the hiring process. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have the right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority.

Piper Enterprise Solutions is searching for a Software Quality Assurance Engineer for a pharmaceutical services company. This is a 100% Remote position working EST hours.

 Responsibilities for QA Engineer: 

 Work on validation projects with strict FDA regulations and guidelines
 Manual testing of systems and applications, with some automation scripting


 Qualifications for QA Engineer: 

 2-3 years of manual QA testing (in a healthcare/pharma environment preferred)
 Experience in various testing: integration, regression, end to end, user acceptance, etc.
 Basic SQL experience, and ability to query data
 Java coding experience for test execution 
 Hands-on experience with Postman and Selenium (or similar tool)
 Strong written and verbal communication skills
 Bachelor’s degree in a related science field


 Compensation/Benefits for QA Engineer:

 100% Remote
 $40-$50/hr, W2 Contract (contract-to-hire potential)
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k


 Keywords: qa manual, qa tester, clinical, API, validation, qa validation, selenium, qa testing, sql, sql query, regression, manual qa, smoke, stress, test, testing, specialty, cfr, 21 cfr part 11, regulated, integration, end to end testing, functional testing, user acceptance testing, gamp, gmp, biotech, manufacturing, apigee, boomi, mysql, data warehousing, data analytics, etl, medical, api testing, Postman, cucumber, cross browser, acceptance, quality standards, data analyzation, beta, exploratory, negative testing, usability, defects, qa methodology, requirement gathering, test scenarios, defect reporting, defect retesting, closure, feedback, recommendations, update testing, benefits, 401k



Provide IT operations support, maintenance, and updates for NAL applications and web/application services.
Support the change request process (minor enhancements and defects) for applications, systems, and web/application services.
Work collaboratively with software engineers to deploy and operate our systems.
Help automate and streamline our operations and processes.
Troubleshoot and resolve issues with applications in NAL’s development, staging/testing, and production environments.
Maintain and enhance activities including analysis, design, programming, and documentation
Create and perform unit tests and assist in user testing

Required Skills: 

Working knowledge of git and Version Control Systems (VCS).
Knowledge of unit testing and when to use them.
Understanding of Agile software development.
Understanding of secure software development and maintenance.
Development on Enterprise Linux.
Support of Commercial-Off-The-Shelf Software (COT) including cloud-based service platforms.
Experience with Python, MySQL/MariaDB, Apache SOLR, Rest APIs.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

RETHINK MANUFACTURING
The only way to ignite change is to build the best team. At Bright Machines®, we’re innovators and experts in our craft who have joined together to create a new category of manufacturing that will help transform the industry. We believe software and data are the answer, thoughtfully applied to solve our customers’ unique challenges. Through intelligent automation, we give factories newfound flexibility, scalability, and resilience. We deliver products to meet the demands of today while building a platform to take advantage of what comes next.
Working with us means you’ll have the opportunity to make lasting, impactful changes for our company and our customers. If you’re ready to apply your exceptional skills to create the factory of the future, we’d love to speak with you.
*ABOUT THE ROLE*
Software Engineers at Bright Machines are responsible for defining and implementing the systemsthat make Software Defined Manufacturing possible. Our robots and software will be deployed in avariety of factory conditions and help support the manufacturing operations for some of the biggestnames in the industry.
As a Backend Engineer, you will play an influential part in the development and deployment ofsoftware components that help realize Bright Machines vision of Software Defined Manufacturing.You will create scalable software systems that drive our cloud-based analytics, data pipeline, andmachine learning systems, performance monitoring, dashboarding, and command/control systemson the factory floor, as well as on-robot operations. You will work on a team with other SoftwareEngineers in the Bright Machines Seattle office to define and implement our software stack – fromrobot to cloud.
This is a unique opportunity to be part of a greenfield development effort that will change the waycompanies build and produce products. If you’re ready to apply exceptional engineering practicesand build the software that will define the next generation in manufacturing, this is your opportunityWHAT YOU WILL BE DOING

Develop and deploy software components that help realize Bright Machines vision of Software Defined Manufacturing
Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop reliable and scalable micro-services
Write clean, maintainable code, and perform peer code-reviews
Create unit, integration, and end-to-end tests to ensure we are continually shipping code to production
Work with other team members to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology and evaluate technical feasibility
Work in an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules
Help define and implement standards and promote best practices for distributed software systems
Analyze and optimize applications to maximize speed and scale

WHAT WE WANT TO SEE

2+ years of experience (Software Engineer or equivalent) designing and implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) services
Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field
Proficiency in a variety of modern programming languages (Java, Go, Python, C#/C++) and OSS (Linux)
Solid understanding and application of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Understanding of scaling and operational concerns for large software systems
Ability to work in a variety of compute environments (Windows, Linux, AWS)

IT WOULD BE GREAT IF YOU HAD

Experience with manufacturing engineering systems (PLC, real-time systems)
Demonstrated ability to ship code to customers
Experience communicating with users, technical leaders and management to collect requirements, describe system designs, and set product strategy
Knowledge and demonstrated application of software engineering best practices relating to the SDLC including coding standards, code reviews, SCM, CI/CD, testing, and operations

WHO YOU ARE

You are customer obsessed
You believe in the power of a team, diversity of thought, and unity of action
You always act with integrity, keep your commitments, and practice transparency
You think boldly, lead with courage, and demand the highest standards
You drive for results, and act like an owner

Hiring Requirement: Reference Checks
*BE EMPOWERED TO CHANGE AN INDUSTRY*
We’re looking for people who believe they can personally help modernize a global industry and want to work alongside passionate teammates who share their vision. As a global company working toward a common goal, we have a highly collaborative and inclusive approach to work, striking a balance between celebrating team success and focusing on individual growth.
We exist to transform the way things are made. Join us on the journey.
Bright Machines was named a “Technology Pioneer” by the World Economic Forum, one of “America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies” by Forbes, and an Inc. “Best in Business” winner.
Job Type: Full-time


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

 What we're looking for:
 Citrix Mission
 At Citrix, our Mission is to deliver an intelligent digital Citrix Workspace Experience that Empowers all Employees with Unified, Secure, and Reliable Access to all the Work Resources and Applications needed to be Productive and Do their Best Work – Anytime. Anywhere. Citrix provides Work Solutions for any Workspace Platforms and Seamless Integration Across all Apps. Citrix provides products and IT (Information Technology) solutions to collaborate work management, provides modern and consistent User experience across all devices and through application integration, workflow automation and our cloud-based technology and zero trust security, enabling our Clients and End Users with the best Enterprise Performance, Modernization, and Security!

 The World of Work is Constantly Changing and Evolving. At Citrix, we continued to Revolutionize and Build the Digital Workspace Technology that helps People and Organizations adapt to whatever comes next. Every day you'll have new opportunities to Grow and Innovate in ways that will make Work Better for Millions of People around the World. Citrix has been Ranked #11 on The Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology in 2021. Thousands of Organizations around the World Trust Citrix to keep their apps available, their data safe, and their people productive—wherever and whenever work happens.

 More than 400,000 Companies around the World, including 98 Percent of the Fortune 500, rely on Citrix Digital Workspace Solutions to provide secure, reliable access to the applications and information their employees need to engage and be productive, with over 100 Million Users Worldwide.

 What we are looking for

 You are Software Engineer that is well rounded in the practice of driving innovation and managing the entire software development application life cycle. You enrich teams with their ability to work on the current need: front-end development, back-end development, and anything in between. You are a self-driven, proactive, enthusiastic Software Engineer with a passion for technology and have a can-do attitude. You are a team player with strong written and verbal communication skills You're passionate about implementing functionality in incremental slices of value for the purpose of delighting the client’s and customers/end-users. Innovation, creativity, and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. Finally, you thrive in a collaborative environment and understand the power of a team over the individual. If this sounds like you, we would love to talk to you!

 Position Overview

 We are looking for a Software Engineer with a minumum of 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming Languages: C# Net and Java. Experienced in developing Backend-Services; Micro-Services, Rest API OR Web API. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a talented team of Software Professionals to create innovative cloud solutions. Responsibilities range from conceptualizing ideas, targeted research with rapid prototyping to determine feasibility, risk evaluation and then create well-thought-out software designs and implementation. You will work with the latest Virtualization and Cloud Platform/ Infrastructure, advancing towards the Citrix Vision of Consumer Driven access to Applications, Desktops and Cloud Computing.

 A passion for solving problems, can work in a collaborative and dynamic work environment to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest technologies. This Software Engineering Team Culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the innovation, dynamism, and vibrancy of a startup. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a very talented team of software professionals to create innovative cloud solutions.

 Role Responsibilities

 Collaborate with Product Managers, Product Design, DevOps, and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment.
 Full stack development; implement front-end and back-end business logic for new features.
 This role will be heavily leaning Back-end technologies, with about 80% work done with Backend Development.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your EndUsers.
 Help to design, build and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise performance, modernization, and security.
 Working as a part of an Agile software development teams.
 Compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents.
 Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking while incorporating different end user personas.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your End-Users.
 Help to design, build, and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise Cloud performance, modernization, and security.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards.


 Basic Qualifications

 Bachelors or Master’s degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred degree in Computer Science.
 Minimum 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming language with C# and Net Technologies.
 Demonstrated work experience developing Backend-Services; Micro-services or Cloud Services or Rest API and Web API.
 Fundamental understanding with Cloud Computing platforms; Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS. .
 Demonstrated experience in writing clean code in large codebases.
 Strong fundamental understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals; Algorithms, Data Structures.
 Embrace and implement Agile Development Framework and Methodologies.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with Frontend Technologies; JavaScript, Angular or React is good to have.
 Performance-drive, multi-tenant application development is good to have.
 Experience working in a development environment that uses CI/CD is good to have.
 Experience with databases preferably SQL or NoSQL.


 Candidates should preferably be

 Willing to work on diverse products and projects, each requiring different technologies, methodologies and approaches.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing. You will also receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures.
 Familiar with cloud computing technologies such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS.


 Personal Qualities we look for

 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Self-motivated individuals, with a strong desire to learn and develop.
 Can handle ambiguity well, has a growth mindset and is a team player with a passion for technology.
 A can-do positive, pro-active attitude.


 Why Work for Citrix

 Come and work with one of the most Innovative and Forward-Thinking Technology Companies on Planet Earth! You will get to work alongside some of the Brightest, Most Talented, and Passionate People in the World. As a member of team, you'll be uniquely and strategically positioned to work on cool and exciting projects that will have a direct impact for our Customers in numerous Industries, well into the Future!

 At Citrix, we want to help set you up for a successful career with us. We support Ideation, Experimentation, Innovation and Collaboration to Build Innovative IT Products and Solutions. We’re obsessed about making our Customers and End Users Happy. We are an Innovative Engine for our Colleagues, Communities, Customers and End-Users in the Digital Marketplace!

 Citrix's Pillars of Core Values are Integrity, Respect, Curiosity, Courage and Unity. The Work at Citrix is exhilarating, and that’s what makes it a whole lot of fun!
 Apply Today!

 Functional Area:

 Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.

 Citrix Systems, Inc. is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, marital status, protected veteran status and other protected classifications.

 Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.


Position Level : This is an Entry Level & Should have Pharma industry experience and familiar with clinical trials.
Position: Python/R coding Developer
Location: Remote Work (Candidate Can work from Anywhere in USA)
Duration: 6 Months 
· Strong statistics background, proficient in python/R coding.
· Familiar with different statistical modeling and tests.
· Experienced in working with complex data structure.
· Ideally with experience of simulation-based methods comparison.
· Experienced in AWS cloud computing environment.
· Comfortable working in a Linux environment.
· Pharma industry experience and familiar with clinical trials.
Education MS in Biostatistics, Statistics or related field
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $52.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Python: 4 years (Required)
R Programing: 2 years (Required)
Have you been worked for any pharmaceutical industry: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote



Who is Recruiting from Scratch:
 Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more. If you are a fit, the team will reach out to you about this role or any others that may be a fit for our clients. 





     About Our Client
    



      Our client is the first sleep fitness company. They design products at the forefront of sleep innovation. Our client's mission is to make people’s sleep count for more, using innovative technology, detailed design, and proven science and data to personalize and improve each night for everybody—changing the way people sleep forever and for the better. 
    


     Our client wants to fuel human potential through optimal sleep. In 2019, they launched our temperature-regulated smart bed, The Pod. They currently power the sleep of over 60,000 people every night. They have partnered with Barry’s as their Official Sleep Fitness Partner. Our client actively collaborates with Justin Medeiros, 2021 Crossfit Champion and Red Gerard, U.S. Snowboarding Olympic Gold-Medalist. GQ awarded our client the Fitness Reward in 2021, along with receiving the Men’s Health Sleep Award that same year. Our client is backed by leading Silicon Valley investors and recognized as one of the Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies In Consumer Electronics. 
    



About the Role: 
Our client is looking for an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to join their engineering team. The ideal candidate has practical experience with modern ML frameworks, is able to rapidly prototype ideas from the latest research, and has an extensive track record of shipping cutting-edge and impactful ML products. 


How you'll contribute: 

Design and implement machine learning based algorithms that determine a wide variety of biometrics (e.g. sleep stages, HRV), detect medical conditions, and programmatically optimize our users’ sleep. 
Collaborate with Product Managers and Data Scientists to identify opportunities to impact customers, and plan ML strategy. 
Orchestrate large scale machine learning data pipelines (experience with Prefect, Airlflow, Luigi, or similar framework will be helpful). 
Create batch jobs (SQL, pandas / Dask, Spark) that process large scale datasets-E.g. featurization, statistical analyses, extracting insights, etc. 
Create production services that serve ML predictions. 



What you'll need to succeed: 

5+ years of software engineering experience 
High standards for code quality-i.e. you apply principles of clean code and prioritize testing. 
4+ of experience working in Python 
Strong experience with Pytorch (or an equivalent deep learning framework), and a general ML toolkit: e.g. numpy, pandas, sklearn, xgboost, H20, etc. 
Experience creating low latency production ML systems. 
Masters Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or 4+ years functioning as a machine learning engineer. 


Nice to haves: 

Experience building casual models. 
Experience conducting A/B tests / randomized trials. 




      Why you’ll love our client
      


They are a tight-knit, passionate team that’s working to improve people’s lives by improving the way they sleep 



Leadership is committed to employees’ wellness and career development 



You’ll get a better night sleep every night 



Flexible, generous PTO 



100% employer contribution for medical/dental/vision insurance 








Base Salary Range: 180K-250K
   




Rochester, NY 
Category: Tech
Type: Full-time
Min. Experience: Some Experience
Salary: $82,000 - $90,000





Location: Full Time - Rochester, NY/Remote


    Measures for Justice is a non-partisan, fast-paced, entrepreneurial non-profit on a mission to make good criminal justice data available and actionable to spur reform. Since 2011, we have pioneered a methodology to compare how different justice systems perform on the county level and led the charge to improve county-level criminal justice data. While we do not advocate for any specific reforms, we do work to make change possible by increasing system transparency, accessibility, and accountability. We’ve got world-class criminal justice data and technology chops. And a culture that demands excellence, rigor and people who like to make good ideas come to life. 
   Our Premise


    Local communities and the institutions that serve them are in the best position to reshape how their criminal justice system works. 
   What Problem Is MFJ Trying to Solve?


    The data communities need to make informed decisions about system performance and change are in short supply. The same goes for accountability and transparency. As a result, communities and the institutions that serve them are not equipped to work together on lasting change.
  


 How Does MFJ Aim To Solve This Problem?


    We’ve developed a new model for the community and the prosecutor/police/courts to work together to create a space for making criminal justice data transparent and shared goals public via a public dashboard called Commons.
  

 The Job


    As a Web Developer, reporting to the Director of Product Engineering, you will work on an agile team of talented developers to create data-centric, web based products that help bring transparency to the criminal justice system and reflect MFJ’s social impact mission.
  

 What You Will Do


    You will be working in a full Javascript stack leveraging React, D3, Next.js, Node, Typescript and GraphQL and will be developing and supporting both public facing products as well as internally facing data processing tools. Our overall tech stack includes HTML5/CSS, React, Node, Next.js, D3, Kotlin, Java, Postgres, Docker, AWS services (including S3 and DynamoDB), Redis, GraphQL, Kubernetes.
  

 About You




      You are continually improving your craft and are eager to work with the latest technologies.
    


      You have strong design and critical thinking skills, with knowledge of web development best practices.
    


      You are creative with an intuitive sense of design. You have a mastery of HTML5/CSS and can develop a UI without a framework, but have also worked with frameworks such as SASS, Tailwind, Bootstrap, or Foundation.
    


      Your programming skills are way above average, you’re admired by your peers and have had a continuous string of successful projects.
    


      You are familiar with accessibility best-practices. You write semantic HTML that can be navigated with just a keyboard, and you know when to use (and not use) ARIA attributes.
    


      You have worked with JavaScript libraries/environments such as React, Node, Next.js, D3,UI component libraries.
    


      You have prior professional experience working for a criminal justice agency (preferred).
    


      1+ years professional web development experience (Co-ops and Internships apply).
    


      BS or MS in Computer Science or related discipline or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
    


 Next Steps


    To apply, please visit our website - https://www.measuresforjustice.org/about/jobs
  


 Review of applications will begin 
   immediately
 and will continue until the position is filled.
  

 Measures for Justice (MFJ) is committed to fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion in our workplace. We are committed to eradicating barriers to access and opportunity and strive to create a welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds. We know that only by bringing together our diverse perspectives can we begin to understand and innovatively tackle the complex issues we engage with. We acknowledge there is a lot of work to be done to ensure we are embodying these principles in our workplace and our work, and we are deeply committed to this ongoing practice. Our work is the data; our heart is the people. We encourage applicants from all backgrounds and experiences to apply. We offer competitive salaries, comprehensive benefits, and a casual work environment. Our office is wheelchair accessible.
  


 It is the policy of Measures for Justice to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Measures for Justice will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
If you require an accommodation during the hiring process, please contact Jill Wesley at 
jill.wesley@measuresforjustice.org





  Job Description
   We’re looking for a Staff Software Engineer to join Procore’s Cloud Systems Engineering department. In this role, you’ll enable Procore application developers to ensure their infrastructure is healthy by providing automated testing solutions and best practices.

 As a Staff Software Engineer, you’ll partner with Software Developers, System Reliability Engineers, Infrastructure Engineers, and other teams across the department to lead the design and development of the tools and systems used to validate the services and infrastructure resources that make up the Procore Platform. Use your experience as a designer and builder of internal tools, your knowledge of modern CI/CD pipelines combined with your passion for cloud infrastructure testing to ensure that our environments are functional and configured properly. Cloud Systems Engineering is evolving at Procore and we’re looking for passionate system thinkers to help shape this transformation.

 This position reports to the Manager of our Cloud Systems Validation team and can work remotely from any U.S location or our Carpinteria, CA, or Austin, TX offices. We’re looking for someone to join us immediately.

 What you’ll do:

 Work cross-functionally to create the tools and resources needed to achieve extraordinary results that render a significant impact on developer productivity and experience
 Design and build internal tools which validate that our pre-production and production environments actually work
 Ensure successful adoption of the tools you build by engaging with internal customers and establishing measurements of success
 Help Procore's developers improve the quality and scale of their software by leveraging internal or third-party test frameworks and tools
 Mentor software engineers on the team by providing technical guidance and leadership

 What we’re looking for:

 Computer Science degree or comparable understanding of CS fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, databases (operating principles, schema design, and SQL), networking, and security
 8+ years experience in Object Oriented Programming fundamentals, Test Driven Development and Design principles (Java, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, C#, Shell scripting)
 5+ years building internal tools and test frameworks, integrating them into the CI pipeline, and successfully adopted by development teams
 Experience using Terraform to manage cloud infrastructure (or equivalent Infrastructure as Code)
 Working knowledge of Kubernetes (K8S) and AWS or other public cloud providers
 Automation experience in a distributed/service-oriented architecture environment
 Passionate about cloud infrastructure testing




  Additional Information
   If you'd like to stay in touch and be the first to hear about new roles at Procore, join our Talent Community.

 About Us
 Procore Technologies is building the software that builds the world. We provide cloud-based construction management software that helps clients more efficiently build skyscrapers, hospitals, retail centers, airports, housing complexes, and more. At Procore, we have worked hard to create and maintain a culture where you can own your work and are encouraged and given resources to try new ideas. Check us out on Glassdoor to see what others are saying about working at Procore.
 We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome builders of all backgrounds. We thrive in a diverse, dynamic, and inclusive environment. We do not tolerate discrimination against employees on the basis of age, color, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other classification protected by law.
 Perks & Benefits
 You are a person with dreams, goals, and ambitions—both personally and professionally. That's why we believe in providing benefits that not only match our Procore values (Openness, Optimism, and Ownership) but enhance the lives of our team members. Here are just a few of our benefit offerings: generous paid vacation, employee stock purchase plan, enrichment and development programs, and friends and family events.



Reports To: DevOps Manager

 Summary of Position:
 VisitPay, an R1 company, is searching for an experienced mid to senior level software engineer to be a member of the DevOps Team to help advance our automated CI\CD processes and cloud-based infrastructure in Microsoft Azure.

 This team is responsible for the design, implementation, and monitoring of automated deployment tools, processes, and cloud architecture that meet stringent requirements in the areas of performance, scalability, security, quality and reliability. We work in concert with application developers, quality assurance, IT, and client implementation teams in a fast-paced environment where you will be consistently challenged. Previous DevOps experience is not required but would be welcome, provided you have prior experience working as a software developer or engineer. The ideal candidate must be able to demonstrate his or her coding abilities.

 Key Activities:

Help design, build, and deploy a reliable, secure, and scalable infrastructure in your capacity as a software developer
Perform complex automation/administration tasks related to CI\CD operations
Incrementally improve highly-automated build and deployment pipelines
Collaborate with multiple teams when necessary to work through dependencies and requirements
Solve complex problems in high-pressure situations
Mentor junior team members in software development best practices
Thrive in a fast-paced start-up culture that expects great things every day



 Competencies for success:

Adaptability to changing priorities, deadlines, and requirements
Communicate clearly to team members and project stakeholders
Keep up with latest DevOps trends, technologies, and strategies
Understands the software development life cycle
Values continuous and incremental improvement
Works effectively with remote team members



 Qualifications:

Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in C.S., software engineering, or related field
3+ years previous experience as a software developer or engineer 
2+ years previous experience working in a DevOps role writing code to automatically provision environments and deploy applications 
Demonstrated knowledge of web technologies 
Experience with multiple programming languages 
Experienced working hands-on with SQL databases 
Comfortable with both Windows and Linux 
Knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes, or similar technologies 
Previously worked within Agile frameworks such as Scrum or Kanban 
Prefer knowledge in the handling and security of sensitive data



 Location:

This position can be in our Boise ID office or the candidate can be remote.



 Why VisitPay?
 VisitPay is an R1 company that works closely with some of the nation’s largest and most well-respected health systems to provide innovative and compelling SaaS-based products. We are poised to capture significant share in the massive and growing self-pay market. Our solutions help healthcare systems optimize their revenue while providing patients with a much improved and friendly billing experience. With R1, VisitPay offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits package, inclusive culture and commitment to a work-life balance with a team that strives to deliver outstanding results.

 Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
 R1 RCM Inc. (“the Company”) is dedicated to the fundamentals of equal employment opportunity. The Company’s employment practices , including those regarding recruitment, hiring, assignment, promotion, compensation, benefits, training, discipline, and termination shall not be based on any person’s age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the Company is dedicated to providing a workplace free from harassment based on any of the foregoing protected categories.

 If you have a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at 312-496-7709 for assistance.
 To learn more, visit: R1RCM.com


Verys is part of West Monroe, a technology consulting firm that specializes in custom software solutions and the design, build, and implementation of all products digital.
What does this mean?
“We build software ground up from idea to implementation”
“We build leading custom software solutions for some of the best companies in the world”
“We design, build, and implement software products to be proud of”
If you are excited by solving complex challenges and growing your career within an organization that values quality, craftsmanship, client focus, and collaboration, we’d love to hear from you!
Skills and Requirements

You’re smart, versatile, and passionate about delivering the highest caliber of code.
You communicate and problem-solve effectively with teammates and clients, and your experience backs that up.
You bring a deep understanding of NFTs, Ethereum, and blockchain technology
You have professional experience developing on a major blockchain such as Solana or Ethereum
You are experienced with Web3 and Etherium toolsets such as Metamask, Truffle, and Hardhat
You are experienced with Solidity and smart contract development and deployment
Rust or Polkadot experience is nice to have

We Offer

Competitive, merit-based compensation
A rich remote-first culture where employees can connect with 200+ like-minded technologists through technology-specific channels, book clubs, study groups, special interest groups, and more
Philanthropic events to get involved in the community, including tech mentorship to budding professionals and in-person volunteer opportunities
Professional development resources such as Verys-sponsored certifications, learning courses, and internal career counseling
Competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage and 401k matching
Flexible hours and uncapped paid time off

Important notes: 

This is a fully remote position. Employees who prefer in-person work have the option to utilize our Southern California HQ Office.
Verys, a West Monroe Company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.
We are not working with third parties at this time; any resumes from vendors will result in removal from our vendor list.
We are unable to provide visa sponsorship at this time.

We are excited to review your application!
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location
Locations: US Remote, United States of America
Software Engineer, Full Stack
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Full Stack Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.
What You’ll Do:
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Utilize programming languages like Java, Apache Kafka, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Python, Scala, and Container Orchestration services including Docker and Kubernetes, and a variety of AWS tools and services
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 2 years of experience in software engineering (Internship experience does not apply)
Preferred Qualifications:
3+ years of experience in at least one of the following: JavaScript, Java, TypeScript, SQL, Python, or Go
1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another cloud service
2+ years of experience in open source frameworks
2+ years of experience in Agile practices
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).Title: Full-Stack Software Engineer
About You: You are experienced in providing technical leadership to solve business problems. You have 5-8 years of product development and delivery, with expertise in application programming, big data, threat intelligence data a plus.
Technical Qualifications & Experience: Java, JavaScript a requirement Experience supporting and operationalizing large distributed systems with big data Cloud, Email and Web security experience a huge plus Experience with Agile/Scrum/Kanban development
Come join Cisco’s Talos Research & Intelligence organization focusing on software development and architecture as we create and innovate critical software pieces of our security backend systems by the best and brightest engineers.
Role & Responsibilities: You have strong communication skills to proactively represent the team in meetings, write architectural reference documents, detailed functional and cross-functional requirements, conduct technical discussions with backend team leads, and members, present a high-level product plan to executives, and report project status to managers. You are passionate to provide technical leadership to make everyone around you better. You are passionate about winning over the bad guys. You look at the big-picture and are able to turn ideas into demos, demos into shippable products, and data into efficacy. You are comfortable with early- and late-phase software development, from concept to execution and performance optimization You take hands-on ownership of the backend products from top to bottom: architecture, design, development, documentation, test, deployment, and operations. You have the discernment to know when you need a rocket ship and when you need a bicycle, and the organizational skills to plan and deliver either one. You are team oriented and will enthusiastically unite diverse teams across the globe to tackle complex problems effectively. You can provide mentorship, motivation, and vision to senior engineers.
Who We Are:
Talos Backend Software DevOps organization plays a pivotal role in providing critical security intelligence, data, and tools to both the research teams and Cisco security email, web, enterprise networking, and firewall products to protect our enterprise customers from cyberattacks.
What You’ll Do:
You will support and create software applications in the security backend to both innovate and maintain these mission-critical systems from a technical perspective. Project delivery requires adherence to effective delivery processes, specifically Cisco Agile. You are required to collaborate with a wide-range of cross-functional teams, both within and outside the organization to cover program management, architecture, infrastructure, deployment, and support during all phases of the software application life cycle.
Why Cisco?
At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.
We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.
We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.
We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco
Cisco requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated or have an approved religious or medical accommodation. Candidates accepting an offer must provide proof of vaccination status on their first day. If someone anticipates requesting an accommodation for this requirement, they must receive approval before the start date. Candidates receiving an offer will receive additional information about the accommodation process at the time of the offer. All offers of employment are contingent upon complying with Cisco’s vaccination policy.
#LI- Remote

  Description:
  
 Time Investment Company is an indirect consumer finance company operating in all US states. We focus on financing the sale of water treatment, home improvement, and other products through an independent network of dealers. Approved dealers use our loan platform applications to submit consumer application for credit, receive approval on those applications, and complete the loan process.
 Full-Stack Software Developer is a key internal resource, responsible for the development and maintenance of custom software and integrations between home-grown applications, external Software As A Service- (SaaS) based platforms, and our business departments’ workflow and processes. The goal is to create and sustain efficient and automated systems that align with the company’s growth strategy.
 Full Time position.
 Salary range: $75-$85k
 Check us out for more info at www.timeinvestment.com . Requirements:
  
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Must be able to problem solve and communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing
Must possess and demonstrate the company culture, values, and behaviors
Collaborating with development team, other departments, and customers to identify and document end-user requirements and specifications
Designing algorithms and flowcharts to create new software and systems
Testing and deploying software and systems
Troubleshooting, debugging, maintaining, and improving existing software
Compiling and assessing user feedback to improve software performance
Adherence to the standardized development methodologies, Agile, DevOps, Waterfall, etc.
Ability to learn quickly and work independently or as part of a team.

 Requirements and Qualifications

Minimum of bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field required OR 2 years of experience in software development
Experience with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Knowledge or experience with .NET environment using C#, SQL, and .NET Core
Knowledge of Object-Relational Mapping frameworks
Experience with building APIs and services using REST
Experience with relational database management systems including querying, structuring, and maintenance including SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.
Experience developing unit tests and performance testing
Full-stack development involving front end user interface, backend services, as well as integrations and database transactions.

 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



About Us:
 Radiant Digital delivers technology consulting and business solutions for commercial and government clients.
 Our flexible delivery model allows us to provide end-to-end solution delivery, single project execution, and, or strategic resources.
 CMMI Maturity Level III and ISO 9001 – 2015 certified
 Position: Python/Java Developer
 Location: Remote
 Duration: Long Term
 Description:
 At least 5 -8 years pf Development experience.
 3- 5 years Proficient programming skills in Python and Java is very important.
 Familiar with CI/CD (Jenkins) is big plus.
 Any Knowledge of AI/ML models, frameworks(Tensorflow, keras, pytorch, etc.) is big plus.
 BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Math, related technical field or equivalent practical experience

 This is a remote position.
 

Looking for a SRE (Site Reliability Engineer) consultant with several years of experience helping clients grow the maturity of Site Reliability. They are looking for someone who can come in and help define their SRE strategy and mentor their new SRE and development teams. This SRE Consultant should be experienced with Python.  However, any type of scripting language is acceptable. Their performance tools used today are Dynatrace and Splunk - candidates need to be an expert using at least one.
Required Skills: 

Must have strong experience as a Site Reliability Engineer
Experience building out SRE teams and strategies
Strong scripting language experience (ideally Python)
Experience working with Dynatrace and/or Splunk
Experience working with configuration management tools (Gitlab)
Professional software development experience in building scalable applications.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of working in AWS environments & services
Familiarity with networking, security, and cloud engineering concepts
Experience supporting infrastructure for large multi-services applications.
Experience with Performance tools
Working knowledge of databases
Ability to develop and maintain environment documentation and support procedures
Knowledge of technology project and secure coding standards
SRE experience on the on-premise and cloud technologies
Experience with Terraform
Collaborate with partners to define and execute SRE vision.
Designed effective monitoring solutions to help identify and escalate systemic issues.
Experience with REST API's and webservice solutions is a distinct advantage.

Desired Skills: 

Any experience working as a Team Lead would be highly desired

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Site Reliability Engineer: 6 years (Preferred)
Python: 10 years (Preferred)
Dynatrace and/or Splunk: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +17322424642

Team Coaches is looking for a Full Stack Founding Developer to join our revolutionary company.
We are looking for a qualified Full Stack developer to join our company. You will be responsible for building new features and maintaining of our web applications. You should be able to translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications. If you’re interested in creating a user-friendly environment by writing code and moving forward in your career, then this job is for you. We expect you to be a tech-savvy professional, who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design. Ultimately, you should be able to create a functional and attractive digital environment for our company, ensuring great user experience.
Responsibilities

Use markup languages like HTML to create user-friendly web pages
Maintain and improve webapp
Optimize applications for maximum speed
Collaborate with other developers and web designers to improve usability
Get feedback from, and build solutions for, users and customers
Write functional requirement documents and guides
Create architecture diagram of the software
Help and supervise other developers with coding and troubleshooting
Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency
Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies

Skills

Proven work experience as a Front-end and back-end developer
Experience with TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS and React
Experience with back-end technologies NodeJS, ExpressJS
Experience with Databases - Redis, PostgreSQL
Experience with DevOps - Docker and other technologies
Experience with Automation Testing tools (Jest, Cypress, RTL)
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging
In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment)
Understanding of layout aesthetic
Proficiency with Git
Appreciation for clean and well documented code
Being able to communicate properly in English.
An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment
Excellent analytical and multitasking skills

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Pay: $500.00 - $1,000.00 per month
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Paid time off
Professional development assistance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

TypeScript: 2 years (Required)
JavaScript: 4 years (Required)
React: 3 years (Required)
Node.js: 3 years (Required)
Express.js: 3 years (Required)
Redis: 2 years (Required)
Relational databases: 2 years (Required)
Docker: 2 years (Preferred)
DevOps: 2 years (Preferred)
Software testing: 2 years (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Description:
  
 Time Investment Company is an indirect consumer finance company operating in all US states. We focus on financing the sale of water treatment, home improvement, and other products through an independent network of dealers. Approved dealers use our loan platform applications to submit consumer application for credit, receive approval on those applications, and complete the loan process.
 Full-Stack Software Developer is a key internal resource, responsible for the development and maintenance of custom software and integrations between home-grown applications, external Software As A Service- (SaaS) based platforms, and our business departments’ workflow and processes. The goal is to create and sustain efficient and automated systems that align with the company’s growth strategy.
 Full Time position.
 Salary range: $75-$85k
 Check us out for more info at www.timeinvestment.com . Requirements:
  
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Must be able to problem solve and communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing
Must possess and demonstrate the company culture, values, and behaviors
Collaborating with development team, other departments, and customers to identify and document end-user requirements and specifications
Designing algorithms and flowcharts to create new software and systems
Testing and deploying software and systems
Troubleshooting, debugging, maintaining, and improving existing software
Compiling and assessing user feedback to improve software performance
Adherence to the standardized development methodologies, Agile, DevOps, Waterfall, etc.
Ability to learn quickly and work independently or as part of a team.

 Requirements and Qualifications

Minimum of bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field required OR 2 years of experience in software development
Experience with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Knowledge or experience with .NET environment using C#, SQL, and .NET Core
Knowledge of Object-Relational Mapping frameworks
Experience with building APIs and services using REST
Experience with relational database management systems including querying, structuring, and maintenance including SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.
Experience developing unit tests and performance testing
Full-stack development involving front end user interface, backend services, as well as integrations and database transactions.

 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

JOB TITLE: Junior Developer
DEPARTMENT: S&S Operations
REPORTS TO: Director of Development
JOB LOCATION: Shreveport, LA or remote
TRAVEL: 5% - 10%

SUMMARY OF POSITION:
The Junior Developer will handle basic issues and provide general support on our proprietary software applications. The Junior Developer will work on a development team with senior developers and will report to the Director of Development.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:
Provides general support on software applications
Handles basic issues and refers more complex issues to higher-level staff
Conducts requirement analysis, documents, and technical specifications
Writes, reviews, and debugs code
Recommends product revisions or enhancements based on user feedback
Develops and maintains documentation or user documentation
Performs software conversions


MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS (EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE):
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent experience
Technical expertise
Debugging skills
Problem-solving skills
Detail oriented
Ability to work as part of a team
High school diploma or equivalent


PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS (EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE):
Experience with .NET and C#
Have a direct impact: 
As an automation engineer, you will utilize your Python expertise to foster collaboration between our Test Engineering and Site Reliability teams. You will be an integral part of two exceptional teams, helping test and deliver scalable enterprise eLearning solutions. You are highly collaborative, relentless in the pursuit of the truth, and diligent about delivering rock solid products to production. You understand that the weight of a successful product launch is carried on the shoulders of successful Test Engineering and Site Reliability teams.
A Day in the Life…

You use your python experience to implement automated test cases and framework enhancements
You use your python experience to help build and maintain a state of the art Federated Kubernetes environment
You help define processes and best practices to establish mature Site Reliability and Test Engineering programs at Carrus.
You are direct and transparent, earn trust, and value accountability
You listen to requirements and forge solutions
You lead by example from the front, sharing your experience and knowledge of software methodologies and best practices
You embrace modern architectures, actively model failure and build operationally sound solutions
You help bear the culture of technical and operational excellence and insist on the highest standards for our Learner
You build, troubleshoot and maintain automation systems to augment and scale our product testing coverage and improve development and deployment velocity
You mentor and develop team members
You are part of a casual culture and flexible schedule.
You value the solid processes we have in place that keep the work moving efficiently without burning anyone out.
You enjoy challenging and rewarding work, with the capacity to train and learn new skills.
You appreciate the value of what we are working on. We build educational software for the medical industry, and there is nothing quite like knowing you are helping change lives.

What you bring to the table: Passion about Learners success: You play an important role in delivering high quality, enterprise-grade, scalable solutions powering the customer experience of our products. You embrace your mission to deliver quality products for our learners.
Lead with Confidence: You aren’t afraid to risk your best ideas and trust your instincts.
Drive Measurable Results: You deliver intentional products that meet requirements in a predictable, maintainable, secure, and extensible way.
Team Player: You drive a collaborative environment, communicating and executing responsibly, while creatively working with Software Development, Site Reliability and Test Engineering.
Ownership: You know how to craft the empowering technologies to deliver an exceptional customer experience; you take pride in delivering results. You know what it takes to deliver a quality product and take pride in your craft and the results you deliver.What you will need

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.
5+ years of experience building Python automation for enterprise software products.
Solid understanding of modern development practices
Experience working and interacting with cloud provider architecture (AWS/Azure/GCP)
Experience with Docker and/or Kubernetes

- Nice to have:

Knowledge of testing frameworks, automation strategies, balanced testing methodologies
Working knowledge of databases, query languages, web hosting, networking
eLearning and related technology product experience

Benefits

Insurance: Vision, Medical, Dental
401(k) plan with company match
Company paid life insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Self-managed PTO
100% Remote Position

About Carrus
We help people improve their lives and advance their careers through exceptional, online healthcare learning. Our training and continuing education solutions are designed to meet the distinct needs of future and current healthcare workers.
Haven't heard of us yet? Check us out at Carruslearn.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Python Automation: 5 years (Required)
Docker or Kubernetes: 1 year (Required)
Cloud architecture: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Genesys Cloud CX (Genesys Cloud/PureCloud) Engineer
Client provides infrastructure and call center technology services and solutions to clients throughout Wisconsin and the Midwest.Through our partnership and certifications with leading technology providers including Citrix, Cisco, Genesys, IBM and Microsoft, our customers receive the highest quality of product and service the industry has to offer.The Cloud Engineer will serve as an engineer on Client’s Customer Care Professional Services team providing both implementation and post implementation support.This role will closely interact with both Field & Support Engineering aligning strategic objectives to provide “world class services” while maintaining the highest level of quality.Apply technical experience in associated technology field to resolve complex problems.Incorporate advanced technical practices into processes, procedures and tools associated with service delivery.Assist in determining solutions to complex problems and be recognized as having expertise in a technical area.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible for design, configuration, implementation, and support of IVR/ACD scripts for Genesys CloudSolutions
Responsible for administration and support of Genesys Cloud solutions
Coordinate and write technical papers, articles, standard operating procedures and best practices
Perform in-depth analysis combining complex technical and business issues, sometimes involving fast-paced, business-critical, high profile problem solving.
Ability to balance both support and project work when applicable; able to meet support/project milestones
Collaborates with Technical Account Managers, Project Managers & Sales where applicable.
Support testing effort

PRIMARY/ESSENTIAL SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

2+ years experience in Genesys Cloud CX (Purecloud) technology
Genesys Cloud CX certification is a plus
Knowledge of Media / Voice gateway knowledge is a plus
Knowledge of SIP Protocol implementation and support Preferred
Excellent client service attitude and team focus
Understand best practices for a service organization
Development Skills/certifications as a plus are:

o Java/Java Scripto HTMLo Rest WEB Serviceso Genesys Cloud CX API’so Microsoft SQL Servero Web-services, 3rdparty API’s
SECONDARY/OPTIONAL SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

1+ years experience in network administration and support is a Plus
.NET development or C# Experience is a Plus

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


Candidates must be based in the United States in order to be considered for this role.

 Who we are
 We are a trusted, institutional crypto asset technology team that delivers leading data and software products to address the most complex data challenges. We build SaaS and DaaS solutions to convert crypto asset data into auditable information to support portfolio management, sub-ledger, risk, analytical and other financial reporting. Our products automate and optimize crypto asset data management for all businesses, including but not limited to funds, fund administrators, OTC and proprietary trading desks, exchanges, miners, protocols and accounting firms - and we are proud to call some of the largest crypto businesses and financial institutions our customers.

 Who we need

2+ years of experience building, scaling and maintaining production services, and understanding of how to compose a microservice or serverless architecture in either Java or Kotlin
Knowledge of REST services, gRPC
Understanding of OOP. Professional work experience with Functional Programming would be a plus 
Knowledge of with RDBMS (i.e. Postgres), various types of noSQL storage solutions
Experience in AWS infrastructure, Kubernetes, Kafka, JVM performance tuning would be a nice advantage



 What you’ll do

Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders from Product, Customer Success, and Engineering in order to deliver and enhance new and existing features of our flagship product Lukka Software Suite. 
Work with senior team members to contribute planning, coding, testing and releasing your work
Achieve on-time delivery without compromising quality
Hit the ground running and be a full-fledged contributor to the corresponding project/team within 6 months



 Why Join Lukka?

 Are you looking for a challenge? Lukka solves the most complex data and technology challenges for an industry that is at the forefront of innovation.

 At Lukka, we strive to anticipate and respond to the needs of this new and ever-changing ecosystem of digital assets. That was true in 2014, while everyone was focused on trading & buying this new asset class, we were thinking about the tax implications of crypto. That innovative foresight continues today as we evolve and iterate on our product suite to address the regulations and educate our customers.
 We are looking for passionate, collaborative, and strategic individuals who want to help shape the future of, well, everything – starting with making crypto more accountable. We invest in our teammates, promote from within & are responsible to each other by fostering an inclusive space for curious minds to thrive and innovate.

 What’s life @ Lukka like?

 We move fast and continue to be ahead of the curve. You could be part of a growing company bridging the gap between business and blockchain.
 Here’s some insight into why our team members have joined:

Ability to own the projects they work on
Less red-tape to take ideas from inception to delivery
Being at the forefront of an industry
Small team, big dreams



 Of course, let’s discuss some perks:




 Health and Dental insurance covered at 100% for employees and 70% for dependents 


Flexible PTO - burnout is a real thing, we encourage all employees to get out and recharge


Generous Parental Leave - Your growing family is important to you and thus important to us 


We work in a rapidly growing industry and we need to also constantly grow. We can’t stay ahead of the curve if we aren’t learning. Every employee is given an annual learning allowance and encouraged to use it


We want you for the long haul. We’re a team on a mission and we want you to grow your career with us. Promoting from within is not just something we say, but something we do


Hard work is rewarded at Lukka. Our recognition programs are designed with you in mind – we provide free crypto to all new employees for learning purposes


Team events - recent nights have included kickboxing, game night, and happy hour!


In-office Fitness Studio - whether you want to lift, meditate or pedal it out on our Peloton; you’ve got the ability to do so




 So you’ve scrolled, your interest is piqued and hopefully read all of the important things...now what?

 This is an exciting time to join a team that’s at the forefront of this rapidly growing industry. We are looking for people who constantly push themselves to think differently, are ready to face new challenges and chart exciting new paths. If this excites you, apply now!


Required Skills: 

CI/CD automation
Git
GitHub

Preferred Skills: 

Kubernetes
AWS – Amazon Web Services
GCP – Google Cloud Services Platform
Azure – Microsoft Cloud Services

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Azure: 5 years (Preferred)
AWS: 5 years (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 5 years (Preferred)
CI/CD: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.


About First Advantage 
First Advantage (FA) is the world's largest provider of mission-critical background screening solutions to some of the most recognized Fortune 100 and Global 500 brands in the world. First Advantage delivers innovative solutions and insights that help our clients manage risk and hire the best talent. FA offers pre-and-post-onboarding products and solutions, such as criminal background checks, drug/health screening, identity checks and biometric fraud mitigation tools, education/work history verification, driver records and compliance, and other critical screening products. We differentiate in the market by helping companies – Hire Smarter. Onboard Faster™
 Leveraging an advanced global technology platform, First Advantage builds fully scalable, configurable screening programs that meet the unique needs of over 30,000 clients across the world. Headquartered in Atlanta, GA and with an internationally distributed workforce spanning 26 locations with 5000+ employees, First Advantage performs over 70 million screens in over 200 countries and territories annually.
 In June 2021, First Advantage completed an initial public offering and is now a publicly listed company (NASDAQ: FA). Private equity firm Silver Lake Partners has a majority stake in the company. More information can be found at fadv.com.
 If you are inspired by collaborating within a skilled team, and want to make an impact on the world’s top organizations, keep reading and apply - we want to hear from you!
 Why First Advantage is Your Next Big Career Move 
First Advantage is going through a technology transformation! We are looking for experts who are excited to work with advanced technologies and provide best-in-class user experiences, drive the development and deployment of scalable solutions, and smoothly guide our agile teams and clients through meaningful changes as we continue to expand our impact. 
Aside from getting to thought partner and innovate with enthusiastic, passionate leaders and team members, additional benefits offered to our eligible people include: 

Ability to work remotely with occasional business travel 
Medical, Vision, Dental, and supplementary benefit plans
 401k with an employer match, and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) 
Competitive and flexible Paid Time Off (PTO) and 8 paid company holidays 
Access to new tech and growth opportunities, and leaders who want to see you succeed!

 What You'll Do 
The Backend Lead is a hands-on role with exclusive responsibility for owning module/service level design to delivery to First Advantage's key products. The role also involves in working with the product owner and architect to ensure compliance and overall security and quality standards of the company. Mentoring is also a key part of this role. Working on this high-volume, security intensive application, the Backend Lead develops quality code at all levels of the stack and uses automation frameworks for testing and deployment. This individual will use their strong communication skills to work cross-functionally with teams in Atlanta and other locations, and has the ability to actively and effectively understand and develop empathy for the needs of hiring managers and candidates.
 What You May Need to be Successful
 Note: To support core hours among a global team, priority will be given to candidates who are working in the Central and Eastern Time Zones.
 Education: 

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience

 Experience: 

7 to 9 years of development experience in a high volume, SAAS platforms
 Minimum 3-5 years working in an Agile development environment (Scrum or Kanban preferred) as a technical lead or manager
 Strong in the server and databases layers.

 Other Knowledge, Skills, Abilities or Certifications: 

Agile software development methodology
 Unit Testing methods and techniques
 Test-driven Development (TDD)
 Core Java 8+, Oracle/PostgreSQL Database, Jenkins, Git, 
Required knowledge of Microservices architecture
 Expertise in design patterns and common architectures
 Experience with cloud based application development and microservices architectures

 Preferred knowledge of:

 Typescript/Javascript, Angular 7+, C#, PHP, MySQL, PostgreSQL
 Behavior-driven Development (BDD)

 Skills (all required):

 Effectively meet deadlines and troubleshoot issues while handling multiple priorities 
Able to hands on develop while leading a team to handle complex technical issues while ensuring timely solutions
 Self-motivated with a high degree of initiative
 Strong problem solving and analytical skills
 Outstanding attention to detail and strong writing/documentation skills
 Ability to mentor and grow technical talent

 What’s Next 
You’ve learned a little about us today – if you think this position and our company are a fit for your areas of interest and expertise, tell us about your professional background by applying now! 
United States Equal Opportunity Employment:
 First Advantage is proud to be a global leader in removing barriers and supporting our community members to ensure the changing demographics of the workforce are reflected in our hiring and employment practices. We value all of our candidates, employees, and clients, and place great emphasis on hiring and supporting qualified individuals in each role. We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, genetic information, or any other area protected by applicable law.
 
jTCk4C1owd


Job Title: PHP Programmer
Location: Remote
Duration: Multi Year
Requirements:
Programming Languages:
PHP
Object-Oriented Programming
Frameworks like Symfony
PHP 7+ preferred
JavaScript / jQuery
Ajax requests to utilize PHP
HTML5 / CSS
Bootstrap for responsive, mobile-friendly design
Database Experience:
MySQL
MSSQL
Creating database architecture which utilizes relationship design
Server Management
Linux / RHEL
Manage file permissions
Install packages
Apache
Versioning Control:
GIT
Cross browser compatibility testing
Required Education: Bachelors of/in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, or equivalent work experience. Preferred Experience: Relevant experience (2-5 years) within a healthcare environment
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $45.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Front-end development: 1 year (Preferred)
CSS: 1 year (Preferred)
Angular: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Title: Jr and Mid-Level Java Developer Location: Anywhere in the US Duration: Fulltime (career upskilling + placement)
Quick Introduction, I am Abhishek, working as a recruiter with GenSpark a division of Pyramid Consulting Inc. A leading IT staffing organization. I came across your profile and feel that your skills and professional experience would be a good fit for a position with one of our premier technology consulting clients. The client is looking for people who can support them in their technology transformation journey on Cloud, Digital, Security, etc.,
Pyramid / GenSpark will provide six weeks of paid training on Java Full Stack, and once the training is completed successfully, you will be placed as a consultant at the client site (some clients offer remote opportunities until Covid reduces). Please review the job description below. If you are interested in this position, please forward your updated resume for immediate consideration and preferred time to discuss this opportunity further.
Junior-Level Java Developer
Qualifications to join GenSpark:

Strong skills in communication, motivation, and self-discipline
Willing to commit to a role for a minimum of 1 year
1-4 year of working experience in developing business applications using OOPS concepts (without this experience, you may be considered for more junior training with GenSpark)
Willingness to relocate within the US (we will assist with relocation costs)

What we offer:

Rapid career growth, with focused and intensive training,
Paid training for 4-8 weeks
Compensation in line with industry forms
Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits
Relocation assistance, if required for client assignment
Mentorship and support throughout the program
Networking opportunities within your industry with peers and industry leaders

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Java: 2 years (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +1 (404) 991-3712

About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated Senior Software Engineer (Front-end) to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics for a fully remote work setup. You'll be working closely with our product and design teams to support new and ongoing front-end development of our web-based applications, contribute technical expertise in our product decisions, and deliver successful implementation of product ideas using best front-end development practices for our Core Platform as well as other products.We are seeking a candidate with a passion for developing efficient, user-friendly and intuitive solutions to UI/UX design problems by staying up to date with best practices and emerging trends.This is a remote position.The Responsibilities

Design, develop and build Platform products and features using AngularJS with complete and seamless integration to the backend technologies and services
Partner closely with UI/UX designers and Product Managers to shape requirements, translate complex workflows into well-rounded features and delightful user experiences
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs prior to development
Optimize existing features for user experience and improved efficiency
Write clean, well-tested, reusable and quality code, adhering to best practices (and contribute towards continuous improvement of those practices)
Architect and develop efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems that drive complex web applications
Learn and contribute to new and existing technologies that make up our stack
Participate in code reviews and provide technical guidance and mentorship to other team members

The Requirements

6+ years programming experience
3+ years writing single-page apps using a modern Javascript framework like React, Vue or Angular (AngularJS preferred)
Experience interacting with RESTful HTTP APIs
Solid understanding and experience with UI layouts, CSS/SASS, and libraries such as Bootstrap
Significant experience of debugging using browser-based tools like Chrome Developer Console
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

vQF0aQlJvu
Job Type: Full-time


  Job Description:
  

 Our teams are responsible for bringing together power & cooling infrastructure within the data center into a cloud-based monitoring and management solution. This position is for a back-end developer working as part of a full stack feature team to build out features on top of an EcoStruxure IT Expert.
  


 What will you do? 


Design and develop new features and improvements to our platform and product
 Maintain and improve existing features over time
 Build reusable code and libraries that others can leverage
 Collaborate with other team members on larger efforts and cross-cutting technical concerns
 Ensure the technical feasibility of designs made my teammates, either in design or code reviews
 Optimize code for speed and scale
 Write and extend unit tests
 Solving customer problems that address real pain points is the focus of what we do within engineering



 What qualifications will make you successful? 


Having 5 to 10 years Java development experience
 Experience with enterprise back-end libraries and frameworks (Spring, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, REST) 
Experience working with software development best practices including Agile, CI/CD, and Lean.


    If you enjoy working on small teams to help achieve larger goals to help our customers, then please consider this role.
  

 (External) English Qualifications:
  
 What's in it for me? 

401(k) $1 per $1 company match, up to 6% 
Retirement advice services, regardless of your life stage 
Worldwide Employee Share Ownership Program gives you discount on each share you buy, plus a Company match 
Company provided basic life and AD&D coverage 
Spouse and/or Child Life insurance 
Short- and long-term disability insurance
 PTO
 Responsible for bringing together power & cooling infrastructure within the data center into a cloud-based monitoring and management solution. 
Get to work as an EcoStruxure IT Expert.


 Who will you report to?


 Senior Software Engineering Manager



 Let us learn about you! Apply today.


 (External) English Company Boiler Plate: 
  
 Why us?


    Schneider Electric is leading the digital transformation of energy management and automation. Our technologies enable the world to use energy in a safe, efficient and sustainable manner. We strive to promote a global economy that is both ecologically viable and highly productive.
  


 €25.7bn global revenue
  

    137 000+ employees in 100+ countries
  

    45% of revenue from IoT
  

    5% of revenue devoted for R&D
  


 You must submit an online application to be considered for any position with us. This position will be posted until filled
  


 It is the policy of Schneider Electric to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities in the areas of recruiting, hiring, training, transferring, and promoting all qualified individuals regardless of race, religion, color, gender, disability, national origin, ancestry, age, military status, sexual orientation, marital status, or any other legally protected characteristic or conduct. Concerning agencies: Schneider Electric does not accept unsolicited resumes and will not be responsible for fees related to such.
  




Job Description


Remote: Position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. The employee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.
  
 The Software Defined Vehicle (SDV) team supports the definition, design, and development of continuously improving mobility services. SDV is a new vehicle intelligence platform that will underpin all our future innovations across a wide range of technological advancements, including EVs and expanded automated driving. This means that you can potentially put a fingerprint on the vehicles that drive down the road! This space is ripe with technical leadership opportunities for advanced technology development, as well as the ability to provide mentorship for new employees. You can flex your teamwork muscles as you will be tasked with working with several other areas of engineering, IT, and the business.
  
 This 
  SDV Software Modeling Engineer position involves hands on modeling work in either RSMT or Vector DaVinci (AUTOSAR). You will serve as the primary interface with the users, architects, and integration teams to perform root cause analysis as applicable. This requires cross-functional coordination with team members and in some cases, Vector to resolve issues. In the software space, you'll experience an agile, fast-paced work environment, surrounded by great mentors and teams.
  
 This is a great role for someone that thrives in a challenging environment and is looking for a position with both leadership and technical responsibilities!
  
 Responsibilities Include:
  

 Work cross functionally to implement model changes in either RSMT or Vector DaVinci per software cadence on time and with quality 
 Work with software architects, system architects, software engineers, and other embedded system engineers to define sprint goals 
 Understand modeling and software build tools (RSMT, MDK, Git Ecosystem, Gerrit, Jenkins Pipeline) 
 Model and document software interfaces in a modeling and document toolchain 
 Manage change requests in the system and with the architecture community to implement your changes into actions 
 Understand the mapping of signals to software interfaces 
 Lead code reviews with the best software talent in the industry 
 Communicate information to and from internal and external customer organizations


 Additional Job Description


Required Qualifications: 


Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related technical degree 
 Minimum of 2 years of embedded software engineering experience 
 High level of analytical ability where problems are unusual and difficult 
 Strong interpersonal skills to work independently and optimally with others 
 Good business sense and a desire to understand customer needs 
 A track record of "getting things done" by managing and leading multiple projects and assignments with a high level of autonomy and accountability for results 
 Strong oral and written communication skills  
Lead multiple priorities while maintaining a commitment to the tasks at hand 
 Able to identify problems, analyze varying courses of action to determine, recommend and negotiate optimal solutions and execute contingency plans 
 Ability to work in a disciplined software development environment


 Preferred Qualifications: 


Master's degree in a related field 
 5 years of experience in a software-related area and/or software development 
 Knowledge of Adaptive AUTOSAR and QNX 
 Knowledge in Vector DaVinci 
 Design/Development of Safety Critical Systems/Components 
 Experience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Software as a Service (SaaS), Microservices, etc. 
 Knowledge in Git Ecosystem (GES), Rational Team Concert (RTC), and RSMT (Interface management)

 FOR GM INTERNAL CANDIDATES: This role is posted at both the 7th and 6th level. The determination by HR and the Hiring Manager as to whether an offer will be lateral or promotional will be based on a candidate's relevant experience and whether the role will amount to a significant increase in level of responsibility.
  
 Compensation: This position may be filled with a mid-level ($91,332) OR a Sr. level candidate ($126,756).
  
 Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.
  
 Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more.
  
 #LI-Remote
  

About GM

 Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.
  

Why Join Us

 We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.
  

Benefits Overview

 The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
  

Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values; 
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


 Diversity Information

 General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
  
 We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
  

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

 The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 



Company Description: 

Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specialises in the delivery of unique, personalised customer experiences across platforms and devices. We call it ‘people-based’ marketing, and with over 25 years’ experience, we are proud to be recognised as a Global leader.
 Merkle’s heritage in data, technology and analytics is the foundation for our understanding of consumer insights that drives our people-based marketing strategies. With our expertise, we can offer our clients content-driven, contextual and compelling customer journeys and experiences that drive business growth.
 With our Head Office in Columbia, Maryland and offices US wide, we continue to grow at a rapid rate across Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network, one of the world’s biggest Global media companies.
 Diversity is embedded in who we are and all that we do: our mindset, our solutions, and in our teams to empower an inclusive, equitable environment. We put our people at the center, creating space for growth, understanding and learning so they can thrive. Our differences make us richer and enable stronger relationships with each other and foster greater impact for our clients. We engage with our communities to drive positive social impact by fostering equity and working to create a digital society that works for all.



Job Description: 

Due to growth of our client base we have an exciting new opportunity for an individual with a keen interest in HTML to join us as a Junior Email Developer. We are a Digital Marketing agency; in this role, you will learn and become responsible for execution of our clients’ email marketing campaigns using a variety of leading industry tools, in particular IBM Silverpop.
 The Digital team are big advocates of animated gifs and will help ensure that you are taught how to create these using Adobe Photoshop as well as creating online surveys and landing pages.
 The role will give you the opportunity to work across a range of large client accounts and campaign types. The suitable candidate will either have recently completed a relevant degree with experience using HTML, or have some base level work experience using HTML looking for a next move.

 You will be trained by email experts and will learn to create mobile optimized emails from scratch so digital will be your passion!
 There will be regular time for innovation – the team share concepts and ideas and put them to practice to ensure they are the fore front of email innovation
 Conferences such as the Litmus Conference are attended by members of the team
 External and internal training will be offered in the area’s you wish to develop




Qualifications: 


Working knowledge of HTML either through a recent degree or work experience; this is a junior/trainee role in the team so we seek a basic knowledge and keen interest in developing HTML skills
 Proven ability to learn new skills quickly
 Ability to demonstrate drive, proactivity and reliability
 Strong attention to detail: ensuring work is produced to the highest standard and error free




Additional Information: 

For individuals assigned to and/or hired in Colorado, the anticipated salary range for this position is $50,000 - $60,000, which is based on a wide range of factors that include relevant experience, knowledge, skills and other job-related qualifications. Pay ranges in locations other than Colorado may differ based on labor market wage rates in those locations. A range of medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, paid time off, and/or other benefits also are available. For more information regarding dentsu benefits, please visit https://dentsubenefitsplus.com/
 Employees from diverse or underrepresented backgrounds encouraged to apply. Dentsu (the "Company") is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruiting@dentsuaegis.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company to which you are applying.






More Information:
Our Culture: Merkle’s energy and personality lives through everything we say and do. Learn all about what defines our people and our vibe.
Students & Recent Graduates: Start your career at Merkle and get on the path to success.
Experienced Hires: Leverage your expertise, challenge the status quo and grow your career at Merkle.


We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to produce and implement functional software solutions. You will work with upper management to define software requirements and take the lead on operational and technical projects. In this role, you should be able to work independently with little supervision. You should have excellent organization and problem-solving skills. If you have hands-on experience in software development and agile methodologies, we’d like to meet you. Your goal will be to develop high-quality software that is aligned with user needs and business goals.
Responsibilities

Develop high-quality software design and architecture
Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development life cycle
Develop tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code
Automate tasks through appropriate tools and scripting
Review and debug code
Perform validation and verification testing
Collaborate with internal teams and vendors to fix and improve products
Document development phases and monitor systems
Ensure software is up-to-date with latest technologies

Skills

5+ years experience as a Senior Software Engineer
Extensive experience in software development, scripting and project management
Experience using system monitoring tools (e.g. New Relic) and automated testing frameworks
Knowledge of selected programming languages (e.g. Python, C++) and the Java/J2EE platform and Ruby (Required)
In-depth knowledge of relational databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) and NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB)
Familiarity with various operating systems (Linux, Mac OS, Windows)
Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude
Ability to work independently
Excellent organizational and leadership skills
BSc/BA in Computer Science or a related degree

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $96,953.00 - $171,654.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:All employees must have or be willing to receive the vaccine prior to the first day of employment.
Application Question(s):

Please cite your work eligibility status as either United States citizen, GC, or H1B visa holder.

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Software Engineer: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   Job Description:
  


    FactSet’s product suite of smart analytics and unique data empower the world’s leading financial service professionals to make more informed decisions every day. At our heart is an inclusive community unified by the spirit of going above and beyond. Our philosophy is to embrace diversity, and that our best ideas can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time. We continuously look ahead to advance the future and technology of our industry, by rolling up our sleeves to solve tough problems together, and by learning from our successes, as well as our failures.
  


    To be a software engineer at FactSet is to shape the future of investments technology. We’re looking for hard-working and outside-the-box thinkers to bring new perspective and fresh ideas to our Universal Screening team. The Universal Screening product is the key driver of many research and analytics workflows, and as such, is highly valued by our clients.
  

    The Screening team is a group of high-performing members representing different functional roles with all the necessary skills to create an enterprise solution. Our engineers find the right balance between FactSet's flexible environment where everyone can contribute individually, yet at the same time cultivate a community where they can depend on each other for help, learning, and development. We are looking for a motivated and talented Software Engineer to join us as we build this product suite. This collaborative position involves infrastructure design, significant code development, code review and development documentation.
  


    Minimum Requirements:
  

 1-5+ years of software development experience



    Critical Skills:
  

 Experience programming with C++ or another OOP language (Java, C#, etc.)
 Desire to both design and implement reliable and maintainable software



    Additional / Preferred Skills:
  

 Programming experience in C++, Go, and/or JavaScript
 Experience with Linux and Windows programming environments
 Experience working with and managing a large code base
 Experience in iterative and incremental software development frameworks such as Agile or Scrum



    Education:
  

 BS or MS degree in Computer Science (or equivalent)



 Why Life is Better as a FactSetter:


 Secure your future with our discounted employee stock purchase program and 401K matching
 Flexible, hybrid, and remote work arrangements available
 4 weeks paid time off your first year of employment
 No or low-cost medical, dental and vision care
 In-office lunch stipend Monday-Friday, plus a variety of snack and beverages in the office daily
 Wellness programs including gym discounts and more
 16 weeks paid parental leave for the primary caregiver (4 weeks for secondary)
 Employee referral bonuses
 And more!



    FactSet is an Equal Opportunity Employer – M/F/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
  


Amdocs has unlimited time off!! We are not sponsoring at this time, no C2C.Who are we?
If you’re a smartphone user then you are part of an ever more connected and digital world. At Amdocs, we are leading the digital revolution into the future. From virtualized telecommunications networks, Big Data and Internet of Things to mobile financial services, billing and operational support systems, we are continually evolving our business to help you become more connected. We make sure that when you watch a video on YouTube, message friends on Snapchat or send your images on Instagram, you get great service anytime, anywhere, and on any device. We are at the heart of the telecommunications industry working with giants such as AT&T, Vodafone, Telstra and Telefonica, helping them create an amazing new world for you where technology is being used in amazing new ways every single day.In one sentenceResponsible for the design, development, modification, debugging and/or maintenance of software systems. Works on specific modules, applications or technologies, and deals with sophisticated assignments during the software development process. Must have Full stack cloud, Java, and Microservices experience!
What will your job look like?

Be accountable for and own specific modules within an application and provide technical support and guidance during solution design for new requirements, problem resolution for critical / complex issues while ensuring code is maintainable, scalable and supportable.
Present demos of the software products to partners and internal/external customers, using technical knowledge to influence the direction and evolution of the product/solution.
Investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code and providing fixes (analyzes and fixes bugs) and workarounds, will review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions, will highlight risks and will help mitigate risks from technical aspects.
Bring continuous improvements/efficiencies to the software or business processes by utilizing software engineering tools and various innovative techniques, and reusing existing solutions. By means of automation, reduces design complexity, reduces time to response, and simplifies the client/end-user experience.
Represent/lead discussions related to product/application/modules/team (for example, leads technical design reviews). Establishes relationships with internal customers/partners

All you need is...

Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computing or equivalent and 7-8 years' experience as a software engineer or a software support engineer.
Awareness of programming concepts and ability to write software code in at least one programming language.

Why you will love this job: 

The chance to serve as a specialist in software and technology.
You will take an active role in technical mentoring within the team.
We provide stellar benefits from health to dental to paid time off and parental leave!

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $127,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require Amdocs to sponsor you?
What are your salary expectations for a new opportunity?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Full stack Cloud: 3 years (Preferred)
Java: 3 years (Preferred)
Microservices: 3 years (Preferred)
Software Engineer: 7 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Avaya Cloud Engineer

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent related experience in the field of telecommunications
At least 3 years supporting cloud based telephony solutions
Passionate about telecommunications and the new era of cloud-based telephony
Know the ins and outs of IP protocols (TCP, UDP, TLS, etc.)
Knowledge/experience debugging technical issues (PSTN, SIP, etc.), and love to dive into solutions by "sitting down and figuring it out".
Skilled at partnering with both technical and non-technical customers to explain, implement, or troubleshoot product-related items
Experience supporting remote end-users
Ability to track work within an online ticketing system
Experience supporting Avaya OneCloud applications
Ability to work remotely and be part of an engineering team
Self starter with great time management
Experience with deploying and installation of Avaya OneCloud solutions
Ability to work various hours depending on project needs
Rotating on call schedule

Remote position
80 to 100K bases on experience
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

C++ Developer
Remote
12 months
Required Experience:
Strong implementation experience with C++ codeExperience in handling native code from Managed code and Vice versaGood experience in SQLX++ will be added advantageGood communication skills
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


SnapEDA (YC S15) is looking for a Software Manager to join our growing team as we pursue our mission to help engineers design electronics faster.

 A bit about who we are

 SnapEDA is a search engine used by over 1 million professional engineers to design electronics faster. These engineers are creating everything from medical devices to space technologies. We’re a team of 30 who pride ourselves on our passion, resourcefulness and curiosity. We have a bias towards action and making an impact, both individually, and as a team.   
What you'll be working on

 You’ll join our software team as the Software Team Lead and reporting to the CEO. We’re looking for someone who is passionate about delivering great products to our users. Most of our code is Python/Django/HTML/CSS and is running on Heroku, but we also have apps in other codebases like React and many APIs and external integrations. We have a lightweight process: 1-week sprints, weekly planning and standups. We use Slack, Trello, and Zoom to communicate and plan our work.

 At least 4 years experience in a Software Development environment
 Thrives in a fast-paced environment
 Strong software development and troubleshooting skills 
Proven ability to make good technical decisions (architecture, algorithms, etc.)
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with exceptional responsiveness
 Can bring clarity to ambiguous technical problems 
Sense of urgency
 Understands the tradeoffs between short-term and long-term code implementations and when to use both approaches
 Thinks like a user
 Nice-to-have: Experience or desire to work with a remote, distributed team

 Benefits

 Opportunity to work on a hugely impactful product used by 1MM+ users with a great mission of spurring innovation
 Lots of opportunities for upward movement.
 Leadership development programs, lunch & learns, technical workshops, and more
 Health and Dental Insurance
 Vacation
 Hybrid team with remote and in-person opportunities





   We are looking for a Software Engineering Consultant to join our team! This position offers remote flexibility to work from anywhere in the US.
  


 What will this person do?



 Managing projects from start to finish and ensure successful implementation within agreed cost, schedule and quality targets.
 Write and maintain front-end and/or backend code using APIs as well as intensive testing
 Communicate with other developers to integrate module and packages into enterprise solutions
 Analyzing and defining business processes to develop innovative and customer specific solutions - based on standard platforms.
 Ability to coordinate complex problems involving various audiences. Positively interact with all internal customers.
 Creation of professional and technical documents during the requirements phase is also part of your main tasks.
 Maintain existing projects: add features and fix bugs as they arise




 What qualifications does this position require?



 2+ years industry experience in information technology, software development and data management.
 Basic to intermediate knowledge of AWS, especially Dynamo, RDS, Lambda, IAM and Cloud Formation.
 Experience in Source-Code-Management tools such as Bitbucket or (preferably) AWS CodeCommit.
 Enhanced Development skills in web-based technologies like HTML, CSS and JavaScript
 Knowledge of containers (not required, but a huge plus)
 Advanced Experience in JavaScript Frameworks like Angular 6.0+
 Development of backend code in C# .Net Core / NodeJS
 Experience with Source-Code-Management Systems such as Git
 Experience using SQL (MSSQL, MySQL or MemSQL preferred)




 Why you’ll love working at Siemens! 




Competitive compensation
 Medical, dental, prescription and vision coverage, first day of employment
 Matching 401(k) (immediate employer match)
 Competitive vacation plan, paid holidays, and floating holidays
 Career development opportunities
 Education and tuition reimbursement programs available
 Paid parental leave


 #LI-DM4
  


 Organization: Global Business Services
 Company: Siemens Corporation
 Experience Level: Experienced Professional
 Job Type: Full-time
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.  EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.  Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.  California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.



About Us
 Proton.ai is revolutionizing wholesale distribution. Distributors sell nearly every physical good you come across. Key to the economy, they make up over 28% of GDP. But there's a problem. Selling as a distributor is complicated. They carry hundreds of thousands of complicated products, making it impossible for sales teams to know what their customers need. Proton cuts through this complexity with machine learning. We provide a solution that modernizes distributors' sales efforts. And in doing so, we help distributors better serve their customers and grow.
 Our company is in hyper-growth mode. We've had significant year-over-year revenue growth, and we just raised a $20M Series A backed by Felicis Ventures (investors in Twitch, Shopify, Opendoor, and many others) and Battery Ventures. Needless to say, it's an exciting time to join the Proton.ai team.
 The Role
 At Proton, we're bringing cutting-edge machine learning to B2B distribution. By predicting what customers will buy, we're improving sales and efficiency, and driving growth. Of course, we have to do this in a smart, scalable way, and take steps not to overload the user with data. Our goal is to make things easier for our users to be effective with minimal effort on their part, not to create a new Excel.
 As a Backend Engineer, you'll work with our Python and Go code to improve the workflows of distribution sales reps. You'll have access to our growing backend group across the company, working across our different products. You'll also have access to actual users to workshop your features, too.
 We're looking for someone high-potential we can build, nurture, and support in their career, and take along for an exciting startup adventure.
 This is a full-time, fully-remote position, with occasional paid travel to in-person meetups. It includes a salary of $110,000 to $155,000 (US, depending on level). For this hire, we are looking for someone located in the Americas who is willing to commit to working permanently on a US timezone.
 What you'll do:

Work with UX designers, product managers, and frontend engineers to help devise, design, build, and revise new features. 
You'll achieve this through collaborating with your team to deliver a seamless, performant experience across the web and mobile device 
Collaborate with data scientists to deliver thoughtful features powered by cutting-edge machine learning models. 

Experience that may be helpful:

Our backend code is written in Python and Go, deployed using a microservice architecture 
You will need some familiarity with big data and deploying scalable and tested code, but specific knowledge of Python or Go is not required 

Benefits

Competitive Salaries + Company Stock Options - we want to pay you well (and equitably!) and make you feel like an owner.
Flexible Schedule - we think high levels of autonomy, responsibility and working asynchronously foster an amazing workplace.
Unlimited PTO + 10 Company Paid Holidays - we even have tools implemented to detect burnout to make sure folks recharge regularly.
401k with Employer Contribution (US only, for now!) - we know work isn't forever, so we contribute up to 3% of your salary to help you prepare whether you directly contribute or not.
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance - we cover one medical plan 100% in the USA and cover a premium plan 100% for international employees (for US- this includes a HSA!) and cover 50% for dependents on all our medical plan options.
$450 Quarterly Remote Working Stipend - to iterate and upgrade your WFH setup, cover cell phone/internet bills or even to go towards Coworking space!
12 Weeks Fully Paid Parental Leave - that goes for primary and secondary caregivers; even if you're adopting or fostering!
Biannual Company Paid off-sites - time for us to be together, brainstorm, and make magic happen.

Our Hiring Process
 As you may have noticed, our hiring process is a little different. At Proton.ai, we assess candidates using an unbiased and thoughtful process. We ask questions directly related to the work you will be doing. Resumes are optional. They are not the focus of our selection process.
 You can read more about that — and learn more about our engineering organization more generally — on our engineering blog.



  Company Description
   Improving healthcare through innovative technology is at the core of Intelerad’s work. Our scalable medical imaging platform connects clinicians to a powerful imaging ecosystem that is fast, smart, and tapped into the data they need, no matter their location. We’re focused on delivering a best-in-class medical image management solution that improves provider efficiency, decreases the cost of healthcare, and improves the overall health of populations.
 Headquartered in Raleigh, NC and Montreal, Intelerad has nearly 800 employees located in offices across six countries. The company empowers nearly 2,000 healthcare organizations around the world with the speed, scalability, and simplicity needed to increase business performance while, most importantly, improving patient outcomes. Intelerad’s modern enterprise solutions have been acknowledged by a Best in KLAS recognition, ranking #1 for PACS Asia/Oceania in the 2021 Best in KLAS: Global Software (Non-US) report.



  Job Description
   The Application Security Engineer (Software) is responsible for providing technical and operational expertise in information security systems, principles and practices to ensure the protection of patient health information managed by Intelerad’s software products.
 The Application Security Engineer is also responsible for the evolution of the security architecture and solutions in support of current and new products in both cloud-based and on-premises solutions.
 You will work with developers to find the vulnerabilities and produce code to secure our software. You know how to find issues within software and assess the software security issues. You are experienced with vulnerability management and threat modeling/risk assessments.

 Participates in product security architecture planning for both on-premises and cloud-based solutions
 Provides expert advice to development teams and acts as an Information Security subject matter expert on product development matters
 Conducts product security threat and risk assessments for all software products on a regular basis
 Interprets risk assessment results for applicability to IMS source code and deployed solutions
 Works with product &amp; development managers for the assessment and prioritization of security related tasks in the development backlog
 Participates in the Security response team as needed related to code-level software vulnerabilities
 Improves the adoption of security best practices in testing, automation and continuous integration pipelines
 Broadens developer awareness of secure software development best practices




  Qualifications
  

 Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent
 5+ years of pertinent experience in software development
 2+ years of experience with a focus on Information Security
 Strong knowledge of techniques, standards and state-of-the-art capabilities for authentication and authorization, applied cryptography, security vulnerabilities and remediation
 Strong knowledge of information security from a strategic and tactical point of view
 Experience developing software in Java, C#, C++, C, Python or Go
 Excellent understanding of software applications, network architectures and protocols, operating systems, and core infrastructure security concepts and concerns

 Additional Information
   All applicants meeting minimum qualifications will be required to complete a 30 minute online assessment as part of your application.
 Intelerad and Ambra Health Combine to Form the Global Industry Leader in Cloud PACS and Enterprise Imaging
 Intelerad Partners with Strategic Radiology to Bring Innovative Medical Image Management Solutions to More than 1,300 Radiologists Across the US
 Meet Intelerad’s Leadership Team: https://www.intelerad.com/en/about/leadership-team/
 #LI-remote



Mac Deployment Engineer - Wilmington, DE (Remote)

 Have you mastered something in your life, either professionally or personally?
 Are you willing to take risks, own mistakes when they occur, and grow from your experiences?
 Do you wish to better yourself and the people around you through retrospection, discussion, and action?

 Summary
 We believe the Mac platform should enable unlimited creativity, productivity and customer delight. Our Mac Engineering team delivers the Mac platform as a secure, stable, and user friendly tool for development, design and business functions for our clients. The Macintosh Deployment Engineer supports the stand-up of Mac as a Service, aiming to reach feature parity with the Windows endpoint environment. This position plays a key role in providing support for VMware Workspace One, Munki management, Mac Imaging, and Mac Endpoint/Desktop Security including packaging, deployment scripting & testing, shell scripting, and tier 3 technical issue resolutions.

 As with all positions at Tamman, individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
 Responsibilities

 Lead as the primary customer support organization POC for technical and service escalations
 Ensure security within an enterprise environment through implementation of and adherence to best practices for Mac client and infrastructure security
 Provide expert level Tier 3 technical infrastructure support services for issues elevated from other support and technical service organizations
 Plan and implement new technologies and major releases for the Mac environment including but not limited to: VMware Workspace One Infrastructure, Munki, macOS, and other enterprise Mac applications.
 Provide capacity management and forecasting for the infrastructure, and Lifecycle road mapping for all relevant technologies and products.
 Use ITIL best practices for Incident and Problem management and resolution.
 Develop deployment plans, documentation and training materials
 Conduct thorough and timely reporting of progress, statuses, and issues

 Requirements
 Must Have:

 3-5 or more years’ experience diagnosing and solving problems in a Mac environment
 Understanding of software deployment processes (leveraging VMware Workspace One and/or Puppet, Munki, and Chef)
 Expert using the command line interface (CLI)
 Expert knowledge of the macOS.

 Intermediate knowledge of:

 VMware Workspace One
 Bash scripting or other programming
 Languages used for automation such as SWIFT, RUBY and PYTHON
 Experience developing and/or supporting Mac build processes

 Familiarity with:

 Modern Software packaging including autopkg
 Ticketing systems, resolving and closing user submitted tickets
 Security best practices for hardening macOS


 Soft Skills:

 Ability to work under pressure and handle multiple problems simultaneously
 Remain flexible and adaptable in the face of change and/or organizational growth
 Communicate clearly, both verbally and written
 Create exceptional customer experiences through team collaboration, problem-solving skills, decision-making abilities, and a detail-oriented work ethic
 Desire to work as part of a close knit team


 Ready to Apply?
 Ready to Apply? Please apply through this job board or you can send a cover letter and resume to hr@tammaninc.com. Please answer the questions at the top of this document in your cover letter. We look forward to hearing from you!

 Tamman Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.

 Tamman Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.
 
GvKHv77uQM


REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:Knowledge of Agile concepts and techniquesSolid working knowledge of LINUX platformsNetwork Protocols: HTTP/S, SFTP (SSH), TCP/IP, UDP/IPSQLGeneral development concepts (reusability, code efficiency)Working in virtualized environmentsWorking with network teams to provide firewall and load-balancing directionCommand line proficiency in Linux and WindowsInstallation and System Configuration:Business ProcessCode ListsAdapter ConfigurationsSystem MaintenanceRouting Channel TemplatesRouting ChannelsPartner ConfigurationsPartner CommunitiesAPICloud and containerization technologies a plusICC:Installation and System ConfigurationCreate alerts, reports, and custom dashboards
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $41.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

HTTP/S, SFTP (SSH), TCP/IP, UDP/IP SQL: 8 years (Preferred)
Adapter Configurations: 5 years (Preferred)
Routing Channel Templates: 8 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Software Architect for a world leading technology organization. The Software Architect will be responsible for the overall architecture of a go to market software and cloud based solution. An ideal candidate for the Software Architect will have earlier career experience as a software developer working into a software architecture role.

 Responsibilities for the Software Architect include: 

 Provide overall technical leadership and architectural guidance to multiple Agile teams
 Design and implement scalable architectural software and cloud based solutions 
 Write and provide clear documentation of the architecture 
 Research new technologies and make technology decisions

 
Requirements for the Software Architect include: 

 Proven software architecture experience architecting cloud native enterprise scalable solutions
 Previous professional java development experience and understanding of OO best practices
 Strong understanding of microservices architecture and data security best practices
 Experience with Azure or AWS 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering preferred or relevant work experience

 
Compensation of the Software Architect: $170,000 - $225,000 plus a comprehensive benefits package

 
 

 No relocation assistance, sponsorship, or C2C arrangements available

 
Keywords: Software Architect, Sr. Software Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Java Developer, Sr. Java Engineer, Sr. Full Stack Developer, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REACT, Angular, REST, Microservices, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Arlington, Virginia, Washington DC



An innovative elections software company is currently looking for 2 remote Full Stack Developers who have extensive experience working with Oracle Database backend development as well as Oracle APEX development. We are also looking for someone who has managed the development process; leading teams, driving production.
Full Stack Developer Requirements: 
· Degree in computer science.
· Strong organizational skills.
· Proficiency with fundamental front-end languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
· Proficiency with Oracle SQL and PL/SQL.
· Proficiency with Oracle 11-21 database technology.
· Good problem-solving skills.
· Attention to detail.
· Not afraid to find enhancement opportunities in the product and create proof of concept to demonstrate to the development committee.
The salary offer will be at the high range if you have additional working experience in any of the following: 
· Developing front end website architecture.
· Designing user interactions on web pages.
· Developing back-end website applications.
· Creating servers and databases for functionality.
· Ensuring cross-platform optimization for mobile phones.
· Ensuring responsiveness of applications.
· Working alongside graphic designers for web design features.
· Designing and developing APIs
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $125,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Holidays
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Oracle Backend Database development: 7 years (Required)
Oracle APEX development: 7 years (Required)
Leading a development team: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are looking for a skilled software engineer who, along with our excellent software development team, will be responsible for working on product that is currently being developed on by our company. A bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or another related field is required. You will also need at least 3-9 years of software engineering or software development experience, preferably in a related field to be successful in this role.
Responsibilities: 

Developing and directing software system validation and testing methods.
Directing our software programming initiatives
Overseeing the development of documentation.
Working closely with clients and cross-functional departments to communicate project statuses and proposals.
Analyzing data to effectively coordinate the installation of new systems or the modification of existing systems.
Managing the software development lifecycle.
Monitoring system performance.
Communicating key project data to team members and building cohesion among teams.
Developing and executing project plans.
Applying mathematics and statistics to problem-solving initiatives.
Applying best practices and standard operating procedures.
Creating innovative solutions to meet our company’s technical needs.
Testing new software and fixing bugs.
Shaping the future of our systems.

Requirements: 

A bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or another related field.
3 to 9 years of software engineering or software development experience, preferably in a related field.
Hands-on programming experience using relevant languages.
Experience using relevant tool suites.
Strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Creative problem-solving skills.
Experience managing the software development lifecycle.
The ability to prioritize activities and deliver projects on time and within budget.
Experience working with clients and business partners.
A comprehensive understanding of computer science concepts.
Excellent coding skills.
Extensive knowledge of agile methodologies.
Strong team-building skills.
The ability to travel as necessary.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

Job Title: - Jr.Python Developer
Location: - (Hybrid)
Position: - W2 Employment ( Should work on our W2 )
Eligible Visa status: - OPT, Day1 CPT, H1B, H1B T, H4 EAD
(Authorized to work anywhere in the USA and for only those who are staying in the USA)
Long term contract
Responsibilities: 

Write effective, scalable code
Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance
Integrate user-facing elements into applications
Test and debug programs
Improve functionality of existing systems
Implement security and data protection solutions
Assess and prioritize feature requests
Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions

Requirements: 

Work experience as a Python Developer
Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)
Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)
Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)
Team spirit
Good problem-solving skills
BSc in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field

Benefits: -

Competitive salary
Flexible work schedule & part-time off
E-verified
H1B and GC filling
On job technical support
Skill Enhancement
Guesthouse facilities are also available
Opportunity to work with Fortune 500 Companies.

Thanks, Regards
Sunil Kumar
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $30.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


Job Description


Remote: Position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. The employee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.
  
 The Software Defined Vehicle (SDV) team supports the definition, design, and development of continuously improving mobility services. SDV is a new vehicle intelligence platform that will underpin all our future innovations across a wide range of technological advancements, including EVs and expanded automated driving. This means that you can potentially put a fingerprint on the vehicles that drive down the road! This space is ripe with technical leadership opportunities for advanced technology development, as well as the ability to provide mentorship for new employees. You can flex your teamwork muscles as you will be tasked with working with several other areas of engineering, IT, and the business.
  
 This 
  SDV Software Modeling Engineer position involves hands on modeling work in either RSMT or Vector DaVinci (AUTOSAR). You will serve as the primary interface with the users, architects, and integration teams to perform root cause analysis as applicable. This requires cross-functional coordination with team members and in some cases, Vector to resolve issues. In the software space, you'll experience an agile, fast-paced work environment, surrounded by great mentors and teams.
  
 This is a great role for someone that thrives in a challenging environment and is looking for a position with both leadership and technical responsibilities!
  
 Responsibilities Include:
  

 Work cross functionally to implement model changes in either RSMT or Vector DaVinci per software cadence on time and with quality 
 Work with software architects, system architects, software engineers, and other embedded system engineers to define sprint goals 
 Understand modeling and software build tools (RSMT, MDK, Git Ecosystem, Gerrit, Jenkins Pipeline) 
 Model and document software interfaces in a modeling and document toolchain 
 Manage change requests in the system and with the architecture community to implement your changes into actions 
 Understand the mapping of signals to software interfaces 
 Lead code reviews with the best software talent in the industry 
 Communicate information to and from internal and external customer organizations


 Additional Job Description


Required Qualifications: 


Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related technical degree 
 Minimum of 2 years of embedded software engineering experience 
 High level of analytical ability where problems are unusual and difficult 
 Strong interpersonal skills to work independently and optimally with others 
 Good business sense and a desire to understand customer needs 
 A track record of "getting things done" by managing and leading multiple projects and assignments with a high level of autonomy and accountability for results 
 Strong oral and written communication skills  
Lead multiple priorities while maintaining a commitment to the tasks at hand 
 Able to identify problems, analyze varying courses of action to determine, recommend and negotiate optimal solutions and execute contingency plans 
 Ability to work in a disciplined software development environment


 Preferred Qualifications: 


Master's degree in a related field 
 5 years of experience in a software-related area and/or software development 
 Knowledge of Adaptive AUTOSAR and QNX 
 Knowledge in Vector DaVinci 
 Design/Development of Safety Critical Systems/Components 
 Experience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Software as a Service (SaaS), Microservices, etc. 
 Knowledge in Git Ecosystem (GES), Rational Team Concert (RTC), and RSMT (Interface management)

 FOR GM INTERNAL CANDIDATES: This role is posted at both the 7th and 6th level. The determination by HR and the Hiring Manager as to whether an offer will be lateral or promotional will be based on a candidate's relevant experience and whether the role will amount to a significant increase in level of responsibility.
  
 Compensation: This position may be filled with a mid-level ($91,332) OR a Sr. level candidate ($126,756).
  
 Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.
  
 Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more.
  
 #LI-Remote
  

About GM

 Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.
  

Why Join Us

 We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.
  

Benefits Overview

 The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
  

Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values; 
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


 Diversity Information

 General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
  
 We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
  

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

 The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 

C++ Developer
Remote
12 months
Rate: $40 - $45/hr on W2
Client: Sonata Software / Microsoft
Required Experience:
Strong implementation experience with C++ codeExperience in handling native code from Managed code and Vice versaGood experience in SQLX++ will be added advantageGood communication skills
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Software Developer with Github Experience
InfoMagnus is an Information Technology software consulting firm located in beautiful Huntington Beach California.
We are seeking a software engineer who is experienced in using Github
This is a remote role, must reside in US and work west coast hours
Requirements: 
Qualifications

5+ years of solid experience in Software Development
In-depth knowledge of the Git version control system
Expert level of Github APIs
Github Advanced Security
Github Enterprise
Familiarity with the GitHub platform and associated workflows
Proficient in 2 or more common automation languages (Python, Bash, Ruby,
JavaScript, Typescript)
Experience using Iaas tools such as Chef, Puppet or Cloud Formation
Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for enhancements and new products.
Ability to maintain and troubleshoot existing software solutions and their connections
Great problem-solving skills around technical, product, and business questions
Familiarity with legacy version control systems, such as SVN, CVS, ClearCase, AccuRev, preferred
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience in a customer facing role preferred
Experience with Dev Ops preferred

What's In It for You

A competitive compensation salary
Our benefits plan (Medical, Dental, Vision) are 100% paid by Infomagnus

Now accepting applications
Equal Opportunity Employer
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year


We are seeking SDET’s for a Full Time, 100% remote position. **Candidates must reside in the U.S. and be a U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder.**
 Responsibilities:

Design and develop wide-reaching frameworks and design patterns to enable high velocity code delivery
Write code that automatically verifies the quality of the product and build out testing apis/services/tools that enable others to do so as well. 
Drive the strategy for testability of the product with understanding of customer usage models in real-world environments
Debug code, automate repetitive tasks, and implement/improve tools and frameworks needed to streamline our testing process.

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree with 5 + years of experience as Developer or SDET.
Strong ability to write effective code (Java, Spring, Web Services, HTML, JSP, Java Script, Servlets, Web Services, XML, AJAX, Microservices, SOA, REST, JSON.)
Strong experience with Agile development incorporating Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery, utilizing technologies such as GIT, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Datadog
Strong experience in building development and monitoring tools as an essential part of production system 
Mentoring with detailed source code reviews along with technical guidance to overall architecture and design

Preferred Qualifications:

Docker and/or Kubernetes experience 
Strong understanding of computer science fundamentals, algorithm design and data structures
Experience in Object Oriented Analysis, Design (OOAD) and development of software using UML Methodology, good knowledge of J2EE design patterns and Core Java design patterns

If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please send an updated resume for immediate consideration to bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com
 Bonnie Kutin Recruiter Comcentric Inc. bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com (805) 208-2137 direct

Software Engineer - Remote

About Us:

Our mission at Thriveworks is to help people live happier, healthier, more successful lives—or, in other words, thrive! We believe that everyone can benefit from working with a skilled therapist, counselor, or life coach, and strive to ensure that people all across the country have that very opportunity.

About the Team:

We build simple, wonderful technical solutions so that our therapists and clinicians can better serve our clients who are looking for help. We are not a technology company, and don't believe that technology should replace human-to-human therapy, but instead, enable it!

About You:

Highly effective, positive and empathic teammate
8+ years of software development experience (non-professional OK)
Strong written communication and documentation skills
Strong leadership and ownership mentality. Ability to work independently
Thoughtful, kind, and supportive human

What You'll Do:

You will work with engineers, designers and product managers to design, review, and build well-crafted products and features
Build great applications with Next.js, Nest.js, React, Typescript, Mocha, Jest, Node, Postgres, and more
Understand the 'why?' of what we're building and help drive the team towards simple, effective solutions from POC to production
Build bullet-proof solutions, systems and future state technical requirements
Develop, design, and implement application architectures and code that is both scalable, optimal and performant
Mentor junior team members

Benefits:

A casual, progressive, and diverse organization
Brand pride and passion, you are truly helping people
Remote forever
A 401k program with an employer match
Healthcare, Dental, Vision, and life insurance benefits - additional coverage options available such as Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Group Accident Insurance
Professional development & advancement opportunities

Thriveworks is a growing company that provides a challenging and rewarding work environment as well as a culture that promotes open communication and teamwork. Successful employment candidates are expected to embody our Core Values. If you are looking for an exciting and rewarding employment opportunity, apply to Thriveworks today!

Learn more about Thriveworks' mission and core values at Our Mission and Vision - Counseling, Therapy, Happy Successful Lives (thriveworks.com)


We are looking for experienced Dynamics 365 Business Central / Dynamics NAV (Navision) Senior Software Developers. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available. Work Remotely or out of one of our east coast offices.
 Candidates should have extensive experience with implementation and customer support of Accounting, Distribution and Manufacturing software at U.S. based companies. They must be resourceful, knowledgeable, dedicated, energetic and professional. They should be able to deliver outstanding results, exceed expectations, meet deadlines, and ensure that our customers are extremely satisfied.
 We are a leading provider of turn-key business management software solutions and related services (www.abcsi.com). With very experienced, knowledgeable, dedicated, and professional consultants and software developers, and with a proven implementation methodology, we help our customers to increase productivity, efficiency, market share, customer satisfaction, sales, and profits.
 Details about our offerings can be found here: https://conta.cc/3j6bv8n. With offices in New York, New Jersey, and Florida, we provide implementation and customer support services to small and midsize companies in the United States. As a Microsoft Authorized Business Partner we implement state-of-the-art business software, and are committed to Quality, Service and Customer Satisfaction.
 Key Responsibilities

Participate in ERP Software implementation projects for new and current customers.
You will be in charge of customizing the software as per each customer’s requirements. Responsibilities include writing specifications, programming, testing, consulting, analysis, data conversion, processing upgrades and providing customer support.
Analyze and document business requirements, and conduct fit gap analysis studies.
Work in a dynamic, challenging, and fast paced environment.
Work well as part of the implementation team dedicated to delivering quality results on time and within budget, and exceed customers’ expectations.

Requirements

Strong presentation, communication, administration, and interpersonal skills.
Minimum of three years of Microsoft Dynamics Software Development Experience.
Strong understanding of ERP software and related terminology, functionality, best practices, processes, and business rules. Including areas such as Inventory & Warehouse Management, Costing, Financials, Manufacturing, Service, Purchasing, Sales, CRM, and Fixed Assets.
Must be dedicated, ethical, organized, professional, and a true team player.
Applicants must possess a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree.
Must be a United States citizen or permanent resident (green card holder).
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
Experience with SSRS, SQL Server, Office 365, SharePoint, EDI, Azure, and Power BI is a big plus.
Accounting background with a solid grasp of general accounting principles is required.
Candidate needs to be a self-starter and should be able to work independently for the majority of their tasks with little help/guidance from their manager.
Occasional travel may be required.




Very Competitive Salary and Bonuses. Health & Dental Insurance. 401K with Company Contributions. Pleasant and Professional Work Environment. Outstanding Growth Opportunities. Competitive Hourly Rates for Subcontractors. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. No Recruiters Please.
 All resumes must be in PDF format.



I am currently seeking a ServiceNow Engineer. This role requires close partnership and collaboration with other Business Stakeholders and Subject Matter Experts.
*Fully Remote*
Responsibilities

Troubleshoot major incidents, facilitate blameless post-mortems and ensure non-recurrence of incidents through action-oriented problem resolution of ServiceNow platform and application issues.
Design, code, test, and deliver software to automate manual operational tasks, ultimately to improve availability and stability of ServiceNow services.
Work with ServiceNow Technical Consultants/Developers to explain the requirements and ensure development is according to specified functional requirements (Functional Lifecycle Testing) .
Find root cause of non-performant services, create and maintain monitoring and alerting systems for all ServiceNow Services.

Qualifications

5+ years of software engineering experience, with a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
Excellent debugging and trouble shooting skills of ServiceNow services or other highly-complex systems or applications
Experience supporting ServiceNow Platform or other enterprise products and services for internal or external clients.
Experience with agile development, test automation, workflow automation, and Monitoring dashboard design which can be applied to the ServiceNow platform.
ServiceNow Certification; CSA or higher is desired

Job Type: Contract
Salary: From $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote
WHAT IS BOX?
Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.

By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 98,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud.

WHY BOX NEEDS YOU

Box is growing fast. Real fast. Every business in the world is looking to modernize the way they work. As the leader in cloud content management, Box helps enterprises transform how people work together. We have the power to help our customers upload faster, be more creative, and get work done more efficiently. Every code iteration makes an impact, and together we will change the world.

In order to transform the way people and organizations work, we need to rapidly bring to market new products and features. Box is a lot more than just file storage, syncing, and sharing. Our product offers many features to companies that enable them to trust Box with their most sensitive content and make them productive within and outside their organization. In turn, Box Engineering needs to rapidly build critical business delivering applications that can power those products and features at scale.

Our Fullstack Engineering organization is made up of many different teams that you can join. Whether you enjoy working on building new tools and APIs to help users get their work done faster, or have a passion for building out enterprise products and features that are able to handle complex use-cases in a robust and easy-to-use way, we'll help find the right team for you and what you're interested in doing. As a whole, we have big ambitions and truly value impact, as well as tackling huge problems - if this excites you, then come join us!

We're looking for engineers who are passionate about owning and driving projects end-to-end, collaborating with stakeholders across the business, and delivering a delightful experience to our customers.
OUR APPS FOUNDATION TEAM
Our Apps Foundation Team is responsible for implementing features and architectural improvements that enable other teams to build web and mobile apps efficiently.
The goal of this team is to make feature development faster and easier across teams.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Work across organizational and team boundaries in order to drive decisions that align with our future architecture, product, and business goals.
Work on significant technology initiatives from inception to successful deployment, across multiple layers of architecture.
Build platforms and services that enable our application developers to focus on building awesome products and do their best work.
Write detailed technical documentation that can convey architectural and product details in a way that can be consumed by the various application teams that use them.
Make architectural improvements as well as maintain existing functionality in the legacy codebases.
WHO YOU ARE
Passionate about solving hard problems using data-driven solutions
You like to be an owner and strive to do work you're proud of, both technically and in your team interactions
Inspire other people to work with you, and enjoy mentoring, coaching, and learning from other engineers
Understand the importance of balancing security, performance, and usability
Passionate about building delightful customer-facing experiences.
Excitement toward web architectures, spanning front-end and back-end layers
Experience decomposing monolithic applications into service oriented architectures
Deep understanding of algorithms, data structures and software design
Knowledge of any modern object-oriented or functional programming language, such as: Java, Scala, PHP, JavaScript, React Node.js, etc
2-3+ years of experience, with a Bachelors Degree (in CS) or equivalent
Remote friendly

WANT TO LEARN MORE?
Immerse yourself in the Box Platform: Create a developer account at developer.box.com
Box Engineers share on opensource.box.com
Get under the hood, comment on your favorite architecture deep-dive at tech.blog.box.com
Grab a free account and make your content more valuable: Hit us up at box.com
And check out some of the work our specific teams have done:
"Security: Access Controls and Visibility" and "Security: Governance and Compliance"
More info on Governance
For information about Box Tasks and Automations, check out the announcement and demo from BoxWorks 2018
And read more on streamlining collaborative work with Box Tasks and Automations
BENEFITS
Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting healthcare benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box
For all other benefits, please check out: Box Benefits + Perks
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, and any other protected ground of discrimination under applicable human rights legislation. Box strives to respect the dignity and ‎‎independence of people with disabilities and is committed to giving them the same ‎‎opportunity to succeed as all other employees. Accommodations are available ‎throughout ‎the application process and an employee's employment at Box.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
To promote the health and safety of all Boxers and our communities, in order to "Go to Work" at Box in the U.S., you must be Fully Vaccinated or have an approved accommodation. "Go(ing) to Work" at Box is defined as visiting a Box office, facility, or co-working site, visiting or meeting in person with fellow Boxers, Box clients and/or customers, vendors, or partners, engaging in business travel, and or participating in any Box-sponsored and/or related activity where others are present. If you are fully remote and do not "Go to Work," the vaccination requirement is not applicable. "Fully Vaccinated" means that an individual is at least two weeks past their final dose of an authorized COVID-19 vaccine regimen. If you are unable to get a vaccine due to a medical condition, a sincerely-held religious belief or another legally recognized reason, Box will consider requests for an accommodation.
For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.
Notice to applicants in San Francisco: Box, Inc and its related branches will consider for employment, qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chair Ordinance. The Fair Chance Ordinance is provided here.
We are a Series D company that creates software solutions that combine lean principles, predictive and prescriptive analytics, and machine learning to transform hospital and infusion center operations. More than 125 health systems and ~500 hospitals across 42 states rely on our award-winning products to increase patient access, decrease wait times, and reduce healthcare delivery costs. We have raised more than $250 million from top-tier investors such as Insight Partners and Goldman Sachs. We have been named among the top 100 AI companies in the world.
*_Please note that while this role is listed as available for remote, we are currently employing in the following states: AK, AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, IL, IN, MA, MD, MI, MO, NH, NC, OH, PA, SC, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI. If your state is not listed, we may not be able to proceed with your application. We have offices in Santa Clara, CA and Charlotte, NC for employees who prefer to work regularly or occasionally from an office._*
Our Quality & Release Engineers are part of small, cross-functional product module teams and work very closely with PM and Dev to ensure quality for their modules with automation and manual testing. Given that we’re an enterprise B2B products company, both manual testing and automation testing are essential.
WHAT YOU’LL DO

Understand the product module you’re assigned to and influence its roadmap from a QA standpoint. You’ll play a key role in ensuring high quality features.
Develop and enhance our core automation frameworks - Functionality, Performance, and Data Quality. We use Protractor/Jasmine for front-end automation and Python for backend/data QA automation.
Work with PM and Dev to plan and release sprints; and develop and execute QA plans and test cases for features, enhancements, and bug fixes. Catch bugs before users do.
Analyze bugs, develop root cause analysis, and help engineers understand the problem.
Work with DevOps to integrate QA frameworks into the Jenkins build pipelines and ensure that all QA automation runs smoothly.

WHAT YOU’LL BRING

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent work experience.
2+ years of professional experience working on production web applications as a QA or software engineer. Formal QA experience is a nice to have, but not a must have. Engineers who want to spend a few years in QA and transition to Dev are welcome (and common to this role).
A broad understanding of database driven web services and applications and visualizing how web applications work. Given a feature, the ability to imagine all the happy paths and unhappy paths and find good bugs.
A robust coding experience with either Javascript or Python or both.
A restlessness for automation.
Familiarity with bug tracking systems; JIRA preferred.
Appreciation for documentation and project management.

WHAT YOU’LL GET

Intellectual and emotional satisfaction of solving tough operational problems in healthcare while improving patient access and saving lives!
Competitive compensation package that includes base salary, annual bonus, and RSUs
401(k) Match
Comprehensive healthcare benefits
Generous Paid Time Off and Parental Leave
Monthly reimbursement for Skill Building
Monthly reimbursement for Wellness, Transportation, and/or Home Office
Education Reimbursement for select courses/programs

#LI-Remote
LeanTaaS is an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting an inclusive work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value diversity, inclusion, and aim to provide a sense of belonging for everyone. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you require assistance during the application process, please reach out to accommodations@leantaas.com. LeanTaaS will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law.
Please note: LeanTaaS is not accepting agency resumes at this time, and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.
Job Type: Full-time

About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Senior Software Engineer - Backend to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics, headquartered in Los Angeles. You will be working with a multi-faceted and vibrant Backend Infrastructure Engineering team in developing and improving core infrastructure components and services that power our robust and scalable SaaS platform.The Responsibilities

Lead the design, architecture and development of scalable and highly available systems and services.
Solve complex infrastructure related problems with code, developing and providing post-release support for scalable services and tools that are used by various Engineering teams.
Drive product architecture design and articulate architecture solution options to the product owners and architecture leadership.
Conduct post-mortems to analyze and prevent repeat failures.
Drive and own improvements in end-to-end infrastructure and systems.
Evaluate and recommend tools, technologies and processes that solve concrete business problems.
Handle seamless upgrades of infrastructure and services through automation.
Be a domain expert who follows industry trends and applies best practices and contributes towards continuous improvement of those practices.

The Requirements

BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
5+ years of programming experience
1+ years experience with PHP (Strongly preferred)
2+ years experience with MySQL or similar technology
Strong understanding of database schema design, caching and scalability
Strong understanding of various communication protocols (TCP, RPC, etc)
Strong understanding of Distributed Systems
Experience with Full-stack observability tools like New Relic is strongly preferred
Good understanding of Linux operating system and experience administering Linux systems in a production environment is preferred
Experience with modern CI/CD and containerization tools like Docker is a plus
Experience in Caching technologies is a plus (e.g. Redis or memcached)
Ability to perform time and memory complexity analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

waEohkrk3Z
Job Type: Full-time

104,000-156kW2
Must have 2+ years of Kubernetes (must be an expert)Must have 5+ years of AWSMust have 2+ years of reading and writing pythonMust have 2+ years cloud formation experience
Must have experience with Service Mesh or IstioMust have experience with AWS accounts and deployments
If you meet these qualifications please apply and we will send a full job description and set up a call to get to know you better.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $104,000.00 - $165,600.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you a us citizen or green card holder?
how much experience do you have with Service Mesh or Istio?
how much experience do you have with Jira/Confluence?
Can you read and write Python?

Experience:

Kubernetes: 2 years (Required)
AWS: 5 years (Required)
cloud formation: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Are you passionate about working for a company who's mission is to serve children and those in need? Do you want your life's work to make a difference? Is programming for new AI an interest if so, then this role is for you. We are committed to having a diverse team!
Job Duties:

Collaborate with Product Management to scope and execute on product features while furthering values.
Focus on longevity of the codebase - notice and advocate for patterns that allow code to be flexible, scalable, and approachable to other engineers
Help our team move quickly and learn while maintaining a welcoming and supportive culture
Push our product so it continues to be a beautiful, yet intuitive and accessible interface for users from all walks of life
Build internal tools to help our technical account management team customize for individual child welfare agencies.
Maintain HIPAA compliance for sensitive data that is shared with us

Requirements:

At least 3-5 years of professional software engineering experience
A self-motivated, independent engineer who can own projects from inception to completion
Solid programming foundation in at least one programming language and experience with software development workflows (version control, testing, code review).
End-to-end experience building, shipping, and maintaining products
Growth mindset: excited to level up themselves and bring everyone else along for the ride
Sense of urgency: focus on making incremental progress and unblocking themselves and others.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Java, Python, React, and/or GraphQL experience a plus

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $210,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Python: 2 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
React: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
At FANUC America Corporation we are passionate about our customers, our employees, and the work we perform. We maintain a workplace where individuals can be proud of, where talents are embraced, and results are encouraged and supported.

We are looking for talented people who value integrity, informed decision-making and collaboration. If you believe you are one of those talented people, and are interested in being considered for a career at FANUC America, we invite you to apply today!

FANUC America Corporation is the world leader in robotics, CNC systems and factory automation and has been voted by our employees as a Top Workplace, year after year. Our innovative technologies and proven expertise help manufacturers in the Americas to be more efficient, reliable and profitable.

FANUC America Corporation is currently searching for an Engineer – Software & Controls in the Grand Rapids, MI region and provide engineering support services including, but not limited to, robot programming, FANUC advanced options, FANUC iRVISION, simulation, and cell automation consulting/support to external customers and system integrators. This position will work remotely and focus on supporting customers and integrators who are located in the general Grand Rapids area. Primary responsibilities will include:

Provide customer-purchased engineering services such as setting up vision or other options.
Provide ROBOGUIDE simulations.
Conduct cell throughput cycle time analysis.
Support field installation, startup, and debug of systems.
Review and support validation of concepts provided by customers and integrators.
Support sales and quoting efforts as required.
Perform intricate repairs on mechanical and electrical hardware.
Hold customer training sessions as needed.

Ideal candidate will have the following experience/skills and education:

Bachelor s degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, or related engineering field, or equivalent relevant experience.
Minimum five years of relevant experience in systems engineering, design, assembly, and/or material handling; preferably related to robotic automation systems.
Wiring and/or troubleshooting experience.
FANUC Robot and FANUC robot programming experience.
Experience with FANUC iRVISION and/or 3D Vision.
Ability to present comprehensive technical evaluations and recommendations to customers and peers.
Customer-focused with strong communication and problem-solving skills, including the ability to understand customer issues and respond accordingly.

We offer market competitive pay and benefits programs, as well as opportunities for advancement, knowledge and skill development, and recognition of individual achievements. In addition, we offer the following benefits to our employees:

Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance
401(k) Retirement Program
Life Insurance
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Plans
Tuition Reimbursement
Wellness Program
Flexible Spending Accounts
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Benefit Dollars
Generous Holiday & Vacation Program
Job Title: :IT Software Engineer 3 OR C# .Net Full Stack Developer
Contract: 18 months
Location: Newport News, VA
End Client: Federal
Visa: Only US Citizen can apply ( locals are welcome)
Remote work is an option in lieu of being onsite: Yes 
Description/Comment: Position Summary / Responsibilities
Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs IT applications software and systems. Collaborates with IT systems designers and/or engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes IT system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures IT software standards are met.
KnowledgeComplete understanding and wide application of technical principle, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines.
Problem SolvingProvide technical solutions to a wide range of complex difficult problems. Solutions are imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent with organization objectives.
Discretion / LatitudeWorks under only general direction. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives.
ImpactContributes to the completion of specific programs and projects. Failure to obtain results or erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in serious program delays and considerable expenditure of resources.
LiaisonFrequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts. Represents the organization in providing solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects.
Minimum QualificationsBachelor of Science DegreeMinimum Years of Experience Other5 yearsMaster's degree and 3 years of relevant experience. PhD and 0 years of experience.Hours: Location: 1 Newport News VA 23607 United StatesEducation:Additional Job Details:Organization Distribution:Owning Organization: Manufacturing & Industrial Technologies, Inc (HII) Organization Distribution:Customer Defined Fields:Security ClearanceSpecial RequirementsWhat are the top 3 items the Hiring Manager is looking for? C# .Net Full Stack Developer with experience in JavaScript UI frameworks (Angular, React, ect) connected to .Net based APIs.
Preferred experience with:Visual Studio 2022.Net 6Angular 13gRPCIBM Mainframe development with Cobol and Fortran (optional)Why is this position open / needed? These positions are needed to support the mainframe retirement project.Clearance Level Not ApplicableWill this position require travel? NoYardwide Access NoRequired PPEIs there an elevator in the main work site building? Yes
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $54.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

C#: 5 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Preferred)
UI frameworks: 5 years (Preferred)
Visual Studio 2022: 1 year (Preferred)
.NET: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

GovFirst is currently seeking a permanent hire, experienced Front-End/UI Software Engineer for a premier financial technology solutions provider to design and build web applications by producing front-end code to create an optimal user interface with a focus on usability and simplicity of design.Our client offers incredible career opportunities and benefits (please see the benefits section below)
This position is 100% remote. (Preferred location will be Central/East Coast Time Zone)
What you will be doing: 

Enhancing and maintaining a modern JavaScript-based application
Developing, enhancing, and maintaining front-end software code to make available and display pre-processed data
Developing and maintaining test cases for the front-end applications

Requirements: 

5+ years of proven experience developing front-end user interfaces
5+ years of experience with JavaScript and related ecosystem tools (e.g., bootstrap, jQuery, etc.)
4+ years of experience with UI development using Angular
Expertise in XML (XBRL preferred, but not required)
Heavy front-end experience in JavaScript / Angular
Experience with Node.js and JSON
Strong understanding of web application software development lifecycle including version control, debugging tools, and testing tools
Passion for working on complex software solutions having major impact on the client we serve
Strong verbal and written communication skills is a must
Ability to learn new technologies quickly
Ability to effectively and efficiently multi-task, prioritize, and carry out projects through to completion with minimal supervision
Ability to maintain a high level of accuracy and attention to detail
All employees must be fully vaccinated for COVID-19

Education Required: 

Bachelor's Degree

Clearance Required: 

None - but must be clearable to a Public Trust Clearance

Work Authorization Required: 

U.S. Citizen

Benefits: 

Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Health Savings Account
Company Funded Basic Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance
Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Insurance
401(k) Profit-Sharing Plan
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Employee Assistance Program
Commuter Benefits
Educational Assistance
Paid Time Off
Federal Holidays
Bonus Incentive Program (BIP)
Employee Referral Program

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $156,036.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you a U.S. Citizen?
What are your salary expectations?
Are able to obtain a Public Trust Clearance?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
Angular: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Minimum Qualifications: 

Five years of experience working with CSS
One year experience in Power BI reporting
Three years of experience using the Tridion web development platform

Desired Skills: 

Experience directly interacting with Project Sponsors, Stakeholders, Subject Matter Experts and Development Team Members
A solid understanding of how people go through a change and the change process
2 years of web design skills
Experience and knowledge of change management principles, methodologies, and tools
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal
3 years web/mobile testing skills, including writing test plans and test cases
2 years of accessibility testing assessment, remediation, and updates
Excellent active listening skills
Ability to clearly articulate messages to a variety of audiences
Problem solving and root cause identification skills
Able to work effectively at all levels in an organization
Must be a team player and able to work collaboratively with and through others
Familiarity with project management approaches, tools, and phases of the project lifecycle
Experience with large-scale organizational change efforts
Change management certification or designation desired

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $16.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

CSS: 5 years (Preferred)
SDL: 3 years (Preferred)
Tridion Web Development: 3 years (Preferred)
Power BI: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

BetterCloud is the market leader for SaaS Operations, enabling IT professionals to transform their employee experience, maximize operational efficiency, and centralize data protection. With no-code automation enabling zero touch workflows, thousands of forward-thinking organizations like Walmart, Oscar Health and Square now rely on BetterCloud to automate processes and policies across their cloud application portfolio.With 10+ years experience pioneering the SaaS Operations movement, BetterCloud now serves the world's largest community of SaaSOps experts. As host of Altitude, the industry's leading SaaSOps event and publisher of The State of SaaSOps Report, the category's definitive market research, BetterCloud is recognized by customers (G2) and leading analyst firms (Gartner and Forrester) as the market leader in SaaS Operations Management.Headquartered in New York City, with a product and engineering office in Atlanta, GA, as well as innovation hubs & remote talent across the U.S., BetterCloud has raised $187 million to date.Have you spent time working with scalable environments or figuring out how to get overloaded systems to scale? Do you care deeply about the quality and precision of the products you deliver to your customers? Do you geek out at parties about API design? Is mentoring the next generation of amazing talented engineers your jam? If that's you, we'd like to talk to you about BetterCloud and the journey we're on to see if we should journey together.As a member of the Automations Squad at BetterCloud, you will have the unique opportunity to be a part of building the next evolution of automation that will transform how our application meets the high performance and scalable needs that our customers require. In turn, you will bring your expertise in design, architecture and collaborationAbout You

Hands-on expert level coding experience in Java and Spring/Spring Boot
Expert-level experience building highly scalable software solutions
Proven senior-level experience implementing and optimizing highly performant and scalable APIs.
Demonstrated experience implementing monitoring and alerting solutions for past software projects.
Strong experience debugging high traffic messaging applications
Familiarity with using POCs and demonstrable code to deliver fully functional incrementally over time.
Demonstrated experience with streaming platforms such as Kafka
Proven experience with and pub/sub messaging system
Experience in scalable environments (especially with Kubernetes)
Practical experience with cloud technologies such as GCP or AWS
Experience leading a team of engineers through medium to large scale solutions as a Staff or Lead Engineer.
Previous experience driving engineering best practices within your team and the organization
Self-starter with an ability to manage multiple technical projects in parallel

What You'll Do

Partner with the Principal Software Engineer to develop the next generation of automation
Engage engineers to build the squad's technical chops over time
Establish standards and best practices to apply to all teams working across the squad
Be brave and be bold to work cross functionally and collaboratively with all parts of the business to drive implementations that align with customer goals
Document all aspects of your implementation to ensure information is spread throughout the organization
Be fun and driven to build an open and humble culture while also being honest and forthcoming about challenges and ideas that make us a stronger community
Promote a blame-free culture by learning from and iterating on innovative solutions

What We Offer

Competitive salary & stock options
Full benefits package
Career growth with an industry innovator

BetterCloud is an Equal Opportunity Employer, including disabled and vets.

Remote - Qualified applicants based on most states of the U.S.A. are eligible for this position. Note that there are a number of states from where this position cannot be held.

#LI-Remote#BI-RemoteIn accordance with applicable law, the following represents BetterCloud's reasonable estimate of the range of possible compensation for this role if hired in Colorado. Please note that this information is provided for those hired in Colorado only, and this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado as well.Salary: Salary Range: $189,000 - $210,000This salary range represents BetterCloud's good faith and reasonable estimate of the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of posting, and BetterCloud may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range. The final salary for this position will be determined in BetterCloud's sole discretion, consistent with applicable law, and based on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the employee's work experience, skills, and qualifications for the role, as well as the needs of BetterCloud's business and other operational considerations.Overview of BetterCloud Benefits: 

Health benefits package (including medical, dental, vision)
Flexible spending accounts
PTO (sick leave, parental leave, vacation benefits)
Employee Assistance Program
Mental Health Resources
Stock Options
401k

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $189,000.00 - $210,000.00 per year



About Us:



 Target is an iconic brand, a Fortune 50 company and one of America’s leading retailers. Target as a tech company? Absolutely. We’re the behind-the-scenes powerhouse that fuels Target’s passion and commitment to cutting-edge innovation. We anchor every facet of one of the world’s best-loved retailers with a strong technology framework that relies on the latest tools and technologies—and the brightest people—to deliver incredible value to guests online and in stores. Target Tech is on a mission to offer the systems, tools and support that guests and team members need and deserve. Our high-performing teams balance independence with collaboration, and we pride ourselves on being versatile, agile, and creative. We drive industry-leading technologies in support of every angle of the business, and help ensure that Target operates smoothly, securely, and reliably from the inside out.



 Capacity Planning & Management team is part of a team built to deliver robust Decision Support Systems for our Cloud & Compute platform. We are a highly dynamic, cross functional team that works across Infrastructure teams to enable our Capacity as a service, a force multiplier for Targets hardware capacity. We are looking for highly motivated engineering professionals who can help connect the dots of end-to-end capacity metrics, enabling our platform teams to get insights and recommendations to maximize their compute infrastructure. You will put your skills, experience, and passion to work in an entrepreneurial environment where success is rewarded. Individuals in this role will have opportunities to gain a large breadth of knowledge by working with experts in core infrastructure services and product development and share their knowledge with a tech hungry team.



 Use your skills, experience, and talents to be a part of this team.



 As a Sotware (Capacity) Engineer, you will:




 Build and enhance your Software Development skill set
 Develop knowledge and understanding of Target’s Compute(cloud) & Storage platforms
 Utilize key capacity data to build out forecasting, identify trend/anomalies in our use of infrastructure.
 Build knowledge on our capacity planning processes and key components, establishing strong partnerships within infrastructure
 Automate resource capacity management in the following areas: planning, allocation, accounting and utilization






 Develop analytic tools to infer capacity utilization, resource usage patterns, and forecast future growth
 Partner with Performance & Efficiency Engineering, Data Center Operations, Network Engineering, Storage, High Performance Computing, Hardware Engineering, Systems & Tooling teams to find the optimal way to assess and leverage our core compute infrastructure usage.
 Promote software engineering best practices and develop consistent, scalable patterns.
 Consult with principal engineers, lead engineers and developers across numerous products/service groups to design robust capacity management program.
 Display good problem-solving skills to help the team in influencing Target’s capacity management program. Leverage your expertise in eliminating repeat occurrences and improve the reliability of our services, reducing labor, & improving costs.






 Establish new standards and best practices to monitor, test, automate, and maintain software components or systems.




 About You:



 4-year degree or equivalent experience






 1+ years of software development and/or compute (cloud) experience
 Demonstrates familiarity with current and emerging technologies in the compute/cloud space
 Demonstrates proficiency in at least one computer language
 Enthusiastic about the intersection between software and compute(cloud) platforms, emphasizing how to use scripting, virtualization, and automation
 Enjoys working within a team of engineers in a collaborative environment






 Stays current with new and evolving technologies via formal training and self-directed education




 Preferred Qualifications:



 Coding experience in python, Java or Golang
 Familiarity with infrastructure aspects of compute (cloud) & storage






 Familiarity with CI/CD technologies such as GIT, Drone, Docker, Artifactory


 This position may be considered for a Full-Time Remote or Hybrid work arrangement based on Target’s needs. A Hybrid work arrangement means the team members core role will be a blend of virtual and onsite at a Target location. A Full-Time Remote work arrangement means the team member works full-time from home or an alternate location that’s not a Target location, does not have a desk at their primary HQ work location and may travel to HQ up to 4 times a year.

 Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada residents is $64,600-$116,300. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, Target cares about and invests in you as a team member, so that you can take care of yourself and your family. Find competitive benefits from financial and education to well-being and beyond.



 Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)

 Target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. If you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest Target store or Distribution Center or reach out to Guest Services at 1-800-440-0680 for additional information.
 Qualifications:
 
Travel Required: Less than 10%
Requisition Type: Regular
Employer: General Dynamics Information Technology, Inc.
Position: Software Developer Advisor RQ119378
Location: 1401 50th Street, Suite 200, West Des Moines, IA 50266
Job Duties: Draw on experience with Episode of Care, (EOC) payment system, Oracle 12c, 11g environment, PL/SQL for Medicaid/Medicaid data warehouse, measure engine development, ETL and/or database programming, and data modeling to design and develop complex enterprise-wide systems and algorithms that support and improve States’ Medicare/Medicaid payment systems. Design and develop data load processes (ETL - extract, transform, and load). Code, test, and debug complex new/existing data architecture, software products or make significant enhancements to existing software. Research and integrate design strategies, product specifications, development schedules, and user expectations into product capabilities. Provide input to technical team members involved in writing and updating documentation such as user manuals, system documentation and training materials. Research emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution. May telecommute to West Des Moines, IA from any U.S. location. Visa sponsorship not offered.
Requirements: Master’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related field plus 3 years of post-bachelor’s experience* reflecting demonstrable ability in the skill set described above. Alternatively, will accept a bachelor’s degree (or foreign equivalent) in Information Technology, Computer Science or a related field plus 5 years of post-bachelor’s experience* reflecting demonstrable ability in the skill set described above.
Experience must include 3 years with Episode of Care (EOC).

About Our Work
We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.
COVID-19 Vaccination
GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.A Software Engineer - Data develops systems to manage data flow throughout Signify Health's infrastructure. This involves all elements of data engineering, such as ingestion, transformation, and distribution of data.

What will you do?

Develop broad understanding of full ecosystems and implications of architectural decisions and impacts on adjacent systems.

Communication with business leaders to help translate requirements into functional specification

Deliver clean and functional code in accordance with business requirements. Refactor 2 patterns or anti-patterns into common code.Suggest a paradigm, framework or third-party toolset to solve a problem.

Consume data from any source, such a flat files, streaming systems, or RESTful APIs

Interface with Electronic Health Records

Engineer scalable, reliable, and performant systems to manage data

Collaborate closely with other Engineers, QA, Scrum master, Product Manager in your team as well as across the organization

Build quality systems while expanding offerings to dependent teams

Implement observability in the form of metrics, logging, and monitoring

Comfortable in multiple roles, from Design and Development to Code Deployment to and monitoring and investigating in production systems.

Requirements

Proven ability to complete projects in a timely manner while clearly measuring progress

Strong understanding of SQL and database operations.

Strong background in OO architecture and MVC design and any programming language

Strong understanding of cloud-based systems and technologies

Experience with revision control (Git)

Experience with Amazon AWS services (or other cloud services) and Big Data technologies.

Experience with Scripting languages

Experience with metrics and logging

Experience with Monitoring and Alerting tools

Experience with non-relational databases

Bachelors in Computer Science

Strong communication skills

Preferred

Experience with non-relational databases

Experience with Scripting languages such as perl

Bachelors in Computer Science or a related field

About Us:

Signify Health is helping build the healthcare system we all want to experience by transforming the home into the healthcare hub. We coordinate care holistically across individuals' clinical, social, and behavioral needs so they can enjoy more healthy days at home. By building strong connections to primary care providers and community resources, we're able to close critical care and social gaps, as well as manage risk for individuals who need help the most. This leads to better outcomes and a better experience for everyone involved.

Our high-performance networks are powered by more than 9,000 mobile doctors and nurses covering every county in the U.S., 3,500 healthcare providers and facilities in value-based arrangements, and hundreds of community-based organizations. Signify's intelligent technology and decision-support services enable these resources to radically simplify care coordination for more than 1.5 million individuals each year while helping payers and providers more effectively implement value-based care programs.

To learn more about how we're driving outcomes and making healthcare work better, please visit us at www.signifyhealth.com.

#LI-RH1About Us!

Healthcare is the world's largest and fastest growing industry, with over 20 million workers in the United States alone. It's also one of the most outdated industries, historically being late to digital transformation and lacking the tools necessary to streamline operations.

Enter Kevala! We were founded in 2020 by a team of seasoned technology veterans to reshape the way small and medium-sized healthcare organizations build, manage and engage their internal and external staff. By delivering a purpose-built SaaS platform that automates healthcare scheduling and compliance, coupled with a marketplace stocked with shift-ready supplemental staff, Kevala is able to ensure that all shifts are filled with happy and engaged care teams.

Kevala is setting out to provide healthcare organizations with the technology and staff they need so they can get back to focusing on providing the best possible care

About the role

We are looking for an experienced Growth Software Engineer to help improve and optimize a modern healthcare workforce orchestration platform. This is an opportunity to work on a new product being built from the ground up, to discover and invent paths to customer value. You will be working directly with a battle-tested founding team during the early stages of a growing startup.

What You'll Do:

Learn and understand our customers business, workflows, and data
Collaborate with product, marketing and growth operations to design and implement experiments, features, and tools within the Kevala platform related to product-led growth
Improve the Kevala platform for experimentation and product led growth
Write high quality code with high (effective) test coverage
Clearly communicate solutions and trade-offs with all stakeholders
Work not just with engineers, but founders, designers, operations, and customers

Who you are:

2-5 years of experience
You enjoy working on front and back end
An understanding of the full software development lifecycle
A clean, test-driven developer
Experience with experimentation, A/B testing, and growth principles (acquisition loops, engagement loops, retention)
Great communication skills
Functional programming experience is a plus!
Experience working in a product-led growth team.
Experience in a start-up environment is a huge plus
Healthcare, scheduling, or marketplace experience is a plus!

We work in Elixir (with Phoenix and Ecto), but languages and technologies can be learned; we care much more about general engineering skill than knowledge of any particular language or framework. Our current stack includes:

Elixir, Phoenix, GraphQL
Javascript, Vue, TailwindUI
Postgres, Redis, and RabbitMQ
Heroku and AWS

Benefits and Culture

Healthcare (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life, AD&D)
Unlimited Flexible Time Off
VTO ("volunteer time off" to do community service/charity work)
401K
Communication and equipment stipend
Health and Wellness Discounts
Yearly professional development allowance
Once in a lifetime opportunity to influence healthcare's frontline
Fun, collaborative, and team-oriented work environment
Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement

Kevala is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is valued and prioritized. We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neurodiversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds
Job Title: Software Engineer (Contract) - Job# 3297
Location: Remote
Job Description: Our client has an immediate requirement for a remote software engineer to join their team. Candidates should have strong experience working with Teraform and ARM/Cloud Formation.
Responsibilities:

Develop Automation routines to manage Enterprise infrastructure in an On-premise Datacenter, Public cloud, Private cloud, and Hybrid cloud environments.
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, cloud-based or Internet-related computer programs.
Using current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and performs testing and debugging of applications.
Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance.
May interact with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications.
Models and applies software engineering methods and techniques to the design, development, evaluation, integration, qualification and/or support of complex products, tools, or technologies in one or more areas of expertise.
May work independently or cooperatively with other software developers, often assuming technical and project leadership roles.
Recognized as a specialist and may function as a technical project manager, consultant or researcher.

Required: 

Proven Experience building Iac Templates using Terraform And ARM/Cloud Formation
CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps.
Powershell / Python scripting.
Azure Logic Apps / ServiceNow orchestration is a plus.
Azure and AWS expertise.
Bachelor's Degree
5+ years of related experience
Proven experience in DevOps working with Jira or similar products
SqlServer, MySql, PostgreSQL, Oracle etc.
Comfortable to work with Linux and Windows systems.
Strong track record for being a self-starter, innovative and collaborating across global teams.
Willing to take on new challenges with minimal guidance.
Excellent communication skills.
Any basic cloud certification in AWS/Azure/GCP/Oracle cloud etc.

About Delphi-USDelphi-US is a national recruiting firm based in Newport, Rhode Island. We specialize in IT, Engineering and Professional Staffing services for organizations from Main Street to Wall Street. Our mission is simple: To connect great people to great companies. We accomplish this with a proprietary skill-based and cultural matching process that results in higher qualified submissions along with increased interviews and offer rates. You’ll find our team is friendly, professional and ready to advocate on your behalf, armed with industry trends, and an understanding of employer needs.For immediate consideration, please contact:Rich BraunEVP Talentrbraun@delphi-us.com855-863-0464 x1001
Job Type: Contract



4+ years of professional software development experience
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one software programming language
 2+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
 5+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
 3+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Experience with machine learning, rankers, model evaluations, and recommendations systems.




  Job summary
   Just finished Jack Ryan and want to find more action titles like that? Looking for a movie that's like The Tomorrow Wars? So are millions of our Prime Video customers. The Prime Video Title-Title Relevance team suggests videos that are relevant and related to content they know and love. We obsess over title and entity relationships to help customers browse our catalog with the context they need to find something great every time they log in.
  
 We tailor these recommendations through a variety of machine learning and statistical based algorithms that you can help shape. Not only will you be exposed to the cutting edge of machine learning research, you'll collaborate with a talented team of engineers and scientists to build scalable services that provide title recommendations at incredible scale and speed.
  
 Key job responsibilities
   As a member of the Prime Video team, you will spend your time as a hands-on engineer and a technical leader. You will play a key role on the team, building and guiding software products and features from the ground up. You will use a wide range of technologies, programming languages and systems. Your responsibilities will include all aspects of software development. At the end of the day, you will have the reward of seeing your contributions benefit millions of Amazon.com customers worldwide.
  
 A day in the life
   Some examples of the things we work on:
  

 Work with AWS development technologies and tools to build new capabilities and services
 Using Neural Networks, Deep Learning, and clustering techniques to find titles that customers will enjoy
 Build and operate services that deliver millions of recommendations per second
 Extend models and algorithms to support our ever growing ways of consuming content (subscriptions, live, rentals etc), dealing with unique challenges such as observational bias and rapidly scaling dimensions.
 We primarily use big data processing technology, EMR, and Sagemaker.
 Machine learning engineers work with applied scientists to understand our models, partner with Applied Scientists to bring them to production, and build new features with them.
 Constantly experimenting with changes to the underlying algorithms and models to deliver relevant content to a wide variety of customer experiences
 If you are ready to truly make an impact on a product that is used by millions of people around the world, including your own friends and family, then we would love to talk to you.
  
 About the team
  

 Team of engineers that works closely with the Applied Science team.
 On call rotation to ensure our services are continuing to deliver our customers a good experience
 While the entire team owns the full stack, we are a mixture of backend engineers to support on our online recommendation serving, and ML/Big Data Engineers that create and implement models, and analyze our data to suggest improvements or learn from experiments.





Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role
 Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent
 Experience with Java
 Experience with with scalable data processing platforms and tools like Spark, Hadoop, Sagemaker, EMR.
 Excellence in technical communications with both technical and non-technical peers
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 


Welcome to Perennial.
 Perennial is building the world's leading verification platform for soil-based carbon removal. Our vision is to unlock soil as the world's largest carbon sink. To do that, we are building trusted standards, tools, and technologies to help verify climate-smart agriculture.
 Perennial uses the world's most advanced remote measurement technology for soil carbon sequestration and emissions. We fuse machine learning, ground observations, and satellite data to map soil carbon and land-based GHG emissions at continent-level scales. This technology is powering the future of climate-smart agriculture and helping the food supply chain decarbonize.
 At Perennial, you will work in a mission-driven and collaborative environment alongside a diverse team with backgrounds spanning science, technology, carbon markets, and agriculture.
 Our offices are located in Boulder, CO USA and Adelaide, SA Australia. We are a fully-flexible company for remote and hybrid work.
 We're venture-backed by mission-aligned investors including Temasek, Bloomberg, Microsoft Climate Innovation Fund, SineWave Ventures, Alumni Ventures Group, and Collaborative Fund.
 About the Role:
 As a Full Stack Engineer, you will be responsible for standing up MVP web-based graphical tools and features for internal and external use. You will work closely with our Operations team to create powerful internal tools for geospatial data collection, viewing, and quality control. You will also contribute to our customer-facing enterprise SaaS product, helping to build impactful API-driven and map-based frontend features to deliver interactive sustainability metrics for climate-smart agriculture. This position is a great opportunity to apply your full stack engineering skills in a collaborative, impactful, mission-driven environment.
 What You'll Own:

Stand up MVPs for web-based internal tools and external customer-facing features
Engineer intuitive, responsive frontend applications for geospatial data and maps
Test your features to ensure functionality throughout the stack
Work with other teams to define use cases for internal tooling and propose impactful features for those users
Develop APIs and/or additional endpoints as necessary to power your frontend features
Integrate the features you develop into a larger overall codebase/product

What You'll Bring:

1-3 years of full stack engineering experience
Frontend engineering skills (JavaScript, CSS, React) with the ability to independently build and test frontend features
Experience with Python/Flask backends
Familiarity with best-practices for REST API design and development
Familiarity deploying web applications on AWS
Experience spinning up basic MVPs of new tools or features (e.g. quickly developing simple web apps and basic GUIs)
Basic SQL familiarity
Familiarity with logging and log aggregation for web-based applications
Familiarity with file uploads (e.g. werkzeug, S3)
Understanding of the importance of data integrity and how to maintain it
Familiarity integrating with 3rd-party tools and APIs

What will make you stand out:

Data visualization experience
Prior experience with web mapping, frontend geospatial toolkits (Mapbox, Leaflet, PostGIS, tile servers, etc.) is a big plus
Prior experience working with geospatial raster and vector datasets (e.g. GeoTIFF, GeoJSON)
Experience integrating or building ETL pipelines
Familiarity with data QC workflows

Our Stack: Python, React, sklearn, Docker, Airflow, PostGIS, GDAL, AWS
 You'll love working at Perennial because:

We live by our Core Values.

Speak your truths, welcome new voices.
Celebrate your successes, own your mistakes.
Solve important problems.
Invest in each other.
Build for the future.
Get your hands dirty!

We challenge the status quo. We're a group of people who want to create the changes we hope to see in the world. See some of our recent press about the problems we're committed to solving.
We invest in your life. We want to provide you with resources to meet your needs both in and outside of work. We offer generous PTO, health, vision, dental, 401k, and HSA benefits and a fully stocked kitchen to keep your mind sharp throughout the day.
We want you to grow. We are a team that supports each others' professional and intellectual growth. You'll have access to regular opportunities to learn from teammates and invest in your professional development.
We offer competitive compensation packages. Our team is our most valuable asset. We want everyone who works for us to feel fairly compensated for the impact they bring to our mission. The team member in this role can expect a starting salary in the range of $90,000 - $135,000 alongside equity in the company.
Perennial is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate and embrace diversity and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of experiences, backgrounds, and skills. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, marital status, age, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.



Software Engineer, UI

Ripple is the world's only enterprise blockchain solution for global payments. Today the world sends more than $155 trillion across borders. Yet, the underlying infrastructure is dated and flawed. Ripple connects banks, payment providers, corporates and digital asset exchanges via RippleNet to provide one frictionless experience to send money globally.

Ripple is growing rapidly and we are looking for a results oriented and a passionate UI Software Engineer to help build the next generation of payment applications that enable banks, payment providers, corporates etc to instantly settle cross-border payments to create the Internet of Value. Ripple's distributed financial technology outperforms today's banking infrastructure by driving down costs, increasing processing speeds and delivering end-to-end visibility into payment fees, timing and delivery.

What you'll do:

Build client-facing web applications integrating with blockchain technologies and all forms of currencies (traditional as well as crypto)
Participate in the full software development lifecycle
Work with teams across the organization, including product, design, integrations, ops, customer success etc.

What we're looking for:

At least 1 year of web development experience with technologies such as modern Javascript frameworks (React), HTML5, CSS/SASS, Webpack, NPM. Experience with any other similar front end technologies should be fine.
Experience with Agile development and shipping customer facing features on a regular cadence
Mobile web development experience/familiarity is a plus
BS in Computer Science or similar


WHAT WE OFFER:

The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive salary and equity
100% paid medical and dental and 95% paid vision insurance for employees starting on your first day
401k (with match), commuter benefits
Industry-leading parental leave policies
Generous wellness reimbursement and weekly onsite programs
Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it
Employee giving match
Modern office in San Francisco's Financial District
Fully-stocked kitchen with organic snacks, beverages, and coffee drinks
Weekly company meeting - ask me anything style discussion with our Leadership Team
Team outings to sports games, happy hours, game nights and more!

WHO WE ARE:

Ripple is doing for value what the internet did for information: enabling its instant and seamless flow around the world. We call this the Internet of Value (IoV). Using blockchain and cryptocurrency technology, Ripple is dedicated to creating powerful gains in financial efficiency, equity and inclusion. In addition, Ripple is developing and enabling the future use cases that will catalyze the new digital economy for governments, businesses and consumers.

Ripple has offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, London, Mumbai, Singapore, São Paulo, Reykjavík, Washington D.C. and Dubai.

Ripple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We're committed to building a diverse and inclusive team. We do not discriminate against qualified employees or applicants because of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual preference, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by local law or ordinance.

Please find our UK/EU Applicant Privacy Notice and our California Applicant Privacy Notice for reference.

Around since 1994, Arise Virtual Solutions Inc. has created a disruptive technology platform that connects the world’s biggest brands with the largest network of gig-economy Service Partners in the BPO industry. Owned by Warburg Pincus, one of the world’s largest Private Equity Firms, Arise is the work-from-home pioneer and now the CX Transformation trailblazer. We are changing the way the world WORKS with every major brand that we support. Come be a part of the revolution as a regular-full-time employee of Arise Virtual Solutions! 
Our Core Values: 
Relentlessly Pursue Excellence
Empower People & Partners 
Make a Difference
No Boundaries
Embrace Possibilities
Our Application Development team at Arise is looking for a Software Engineer who will report into the VP of Applications Development and help develop software applications to support the growth of Arise. The ideal candidate is technically strong with a willingness to share that experience through mentorship, and excited to take on new software engineering challenges. This is your opportunity to join the Application Development team and leave your mark on Arise and the booming gig-economy. 
What you will take on:

Gain an understanding of Arise business
Gain an understanding of current Arise technology
Work with Product Team and stakeholders to turn business requirements into clearly defined technical specifications
Work on new features and address defects
Document each aspect of a system or application as a reference for future upgrades and maintenance

Our new team member will need:

Experience with C# 
Experience with JavaScript and React
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities
Experience with test-driven development and automated testing frameworks.
Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies.
Familiarity with Microsoft Dynamics is a plus
Familiarity with Mulesoft is a plus

Competitive Compensation and Benefits which include:

Joining a diverse group of awesome individuals Making a Difference every day
~70% of your Health/ Dental/ Vision/ Flex Spending Benefits paid by Arise
401k – 40% match starting on day 1 
Tuition Reimbursement of $4,000 each year! 
Generous PTO Plan starting from day 1
9 holidays and 1 Diversity Day 
Maternity & Paternity Paid Leave
Life and Disability Insurance 100% paid by Arise
Work hard AND have FUN! We play a lot at Arise. 

When smart creative and passionate people get together, the results are astounding and the opportunities limitless! Achieve your potential at Arise.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: equal opportunity employer M/F/D/V



As a software engineer for Customer Identity and Access Management (CIAM), your responsibility is to make sure our customers' data is safe and secure. You will join a team whose objective is to provide the best Identity Service for our customers as well as our business stakeholders. You will do so by setting up our authentication and authorization services, in compliance with all regulations.
 What you'll do: Yeah, I want to and can do that:

 You will be responsible for building a cohesive Identity platform
 You will help protect our customers' information and make it valuable for them and the company at large
 You will deliver high quality, well-written code that is quickly understood, easily supported and maintained by the team using standard methodologies
 You will communicate and collaborate with team members within the Scrum framework to meet sprint planning objectives
 You will contribute to the success of the Identity team to build solutions using technologies such as OAuth, OIDC and SAML on the OKTA platform.

 What you'll need: I’ve already done that or have that:

 5+ years of software engineering experience.
 Experience/Knowledge in the IAM domain (Identity and Access Management) areas such as Authentication, Authorization, Federation and Identity Management
 Expertise in at least one programming language (Go, nodeJS).
 Experience in client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks (React.js).
 Experience in the design, construction and implementation of highly scalable APIs.
 Ability to learn new technologies quickly and to understand a wide variety of technical challenges to be solved.
 Strong collaborative and interpersonal skills, specifically a proven ability to effectively work with others within a dynamic environment.
 Excellent verbal and written user documentation skills.

 Desired:

 Experience in delivering solutions by integrating with leading CIAM vendors such as Okta, Ping Identity, ForgeRock or Auth0.

 Education:

 BS, MS in Computer Science or relevant experience

 What we offer you: Wow, I want that!

 A constant stream of new things for you to learn. We're always expanding into new areas, bringing in open source projects and contributing back, and exploring new technologies.
 A set of extraordinarily hardworking, innovative, open,fun and dedicated peers, all the way from engineering and QA to product management and customer support.
 Growth and mentorship. We believe in growing engineers through ownership and leadership opportunities. We also believe mentors help both sides of the equation.
 A stable, collaborative and supportive work environment.
 We don't expect people to work 12 hour days. We want you to have a successful time outside of work too. Want to work from home sometimes? No problem. We trust our colleagues to be responsible with their time and dedication, and believe that balance helps cultivate an extraordinary environment

 Splunk has been named one of San Francisco Bay Area's "Best Places to Work" by The San Francisco Business Times, ten years in a row. We offer a highly competitive compensation package and a plethora of benefits.
 Splunk is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, Veteran or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
 We value diversity at our company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics in the location in which you are applying to.
 (Colorado only*) Minimum base salary of $95,000.00. You may also be eligible for incentive pay + equity + benefits.*Note: Disclosure per sb19-085 (8-5-201 et seq).


We're looking for a Software Engineer for our client, binx health!Who We Arebinx health has the world’s fastest FDA-cleared molecular platform for CT/NG testing for male and female samples. We also have a broad suite of offerings in sample collection for large corporate partners for broadened access to STI and COVID-19 care. Our molecular point of care platform brings rapid, accurate, and convenient infectious disease testing to people where they live, work, and shop. Our solutions offer front-end engagement, and end-to-end logistics in concert with our reference lab partners to offer partners “turn-key” answers for their infectious disease testing needs. Our solutions broaden access to care for millions and put proprietary testing solutions in the hands of clinicians everywhere, including in the ever-expanding footprint of retail health. Our suite of medical guideline-driven sample collection and laboratory testing solutions for STIs and COVID-19 are designed to reach the many who are unwilling or unable to visit a physical location.
The PositionAs a Software Engineer, you will initially report to the Sr Director of Engineering. You will work with our cross-functional digital product team in an agile environment to develop a patient and clinician experience that delivers diagnostic results that are clear and actionable. You will be counted on to contribute to realizing products that are intuitive, high-quality, and secure. You will help empower patients to take control over their health and access care everywhere and clinicians to reach new populations.
Responsibilities

Develop and maintain services written in Groovy with Grails and Micronaut
Enhance APIs that are designed to be consumed by web and mobile apps
Build services to integrate with new partners (focus on medical-grade integrations)
Write testable code
Contribute to the automated test suite written in JavaScript
Follow existing code quality standards
Develop automated reports for internal and external consumption

Education, Experience, and Demonstrated Skills

BS in computer science or related discipline, or equivalent work experience
4+ years of experience in the software industry
Working knowledge of Groovy and/or Java
Strong experience with Grails, Micronaut, or Spring Boot
Experience working with relational databases such as Postgres
Experience working with messaging servers like RabbitMQ or ActiveMQ
Demonstrable aptitude toward learning new technologies
Experience working with GCP, Kubernetes, a plus
Experience integrating with external services over different protocols a plus
Experience working within the health services field and exposure to HL7 a plus

Equal Employment OpportunityTOCGRP is proud to provide equal-opportunity employment to all employees and applicants, without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, veteran status, disability, pregnancy, marital status, genetic information, or any other categories protected by federal, state, or local law.
Job Type: Full-time


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

 What we're looking for:
 Citrix Mission
 At Citrix, our Mission is to deliver an intelligent digital Citrix Workspace Experience that Empowers all Employees with Unified, Secure, and Reliable Access to all the Work Resources and Applications needed to be Productive and Do their Best Work – Anytime. Anywhere. Citrix provides Work Solutions for any Workspace Platforms and Seamless Integration Across all Apps. Citrix provides products and IT (Information Technology) solutions to collaborate work management, provides modern and consistent User experience across all devices and through application integration, workflow automation and our cloud-based technology and zero trust security, enabling our Clients and End Users with the best Enterprise Performance, Modernization, and Security!

 The World of Work is Constantly Changing and Evolving. At Citrix, we continued to Revolutionize and Build the Digital Workspace Technology that helps People and Organizations adapt to whatever comes next. Every day you'll have new opportunities to Grow and Innovate in ways that will make Work Better for Millions of People around the World. Citrix has been Ranked #11 on The Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology in 2021. Thousands of Organizations around the World Trust Citrix to keep their apps available, their data safe, and their people productive—wherever and whenever work happens.

 More than 400,000 Companies around the World, including 98 Percent of the Fortune 500, rely on Citrix Digital Workspace Solutions to provide secure, reliable access to the applications and information their employees need to engage and be productive, with over 100 Million Users Worldwide.

 What we are looking for

 You are Software Engineer that is well rounded in the practice of driving innovation and managing the entire software development application life cycle. You enrich teams with their ability to work on the current need: front-end development, back-end development, and anything in between. You are a self-driven, proactive, enthusiastic Software Engineer with a passion for technology and have a can-do attitude. You are a team player with strong written and verbal communication skills You're passionate about implementing functionality in incremental slices of value for the purpose of delighting the client’s and customers/end-users. Innovation, creativity, and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. Finally, you thrive in a collaborative environment and understand the power of a team over the individual. If this sounds like you, we would love to talk to you!

 Position Overview

 We are looking for a Software Engineer with a minumum of 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming Languages: C# Net and Java. Experienced in developing Backend-Services; Micro-Services, Rest API OR Web API. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a talented team of Software Professionals to create innovative cloud solutions. Responsibilities range from conceptualizing ideas, targeted research with rapid prototyping to determine feasibility, risk evaluation and then create well-thought-out software designs and implementation. You will work with the latest Virtualization and Cloud Platform/ Infrastructure, advancing towards the Citrix Vision of Consumer Driven access to Applications, Desktops and Cloud Computing.

 A passion for solving problems, can work in a collaborative and dynamic work environment to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest technologies. This Software Engineering Team Culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the innovation, dynamism, and vibrancy of a startup. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a very talented team of software professionals to create innovative cloud solutions.

 Role Responsibilities

 Collaborate with Product Managers, Product Design, DevOps, and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment.
 Full stack development; implement front-end and back-end business logic for new features.
 This role will be heavily leaning Back-end technologies, with about 80% work done with Backend Development.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your EndUsers.
 Help to design, build and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise performance, modernization, and security.
 Working as a part of an Agile software development teams.
 Compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents.
 Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking while incorporating different end user personas.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your End-Users.
 Help to design, build, and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise Cloud performance, modernization, and security.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards.


 Basic Qualifications

 Bachelors or Master’s degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred degree in Computer Science.
 Minimum 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming language with C# and Net Technologies.
 Demonstrated work experience developing Backend-Services; Micro-services or Cloud Services or Rest API and Web API.
 Fundamental understanding with Cloud Computing platforms; Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS. .
 Demonstrated experience in writing clean code in large codebases.
 Strong fundamental understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals; Algorithms, Data Structures.
 Embrace and implement Agile Development Framework and Methodologies.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with Frontend Technologies; JavaScript, Angular or React is good to have.
 Performance-drive, multi-tenant application development is good to have.
 Experience working in a development environment that uses CI/CD is good to have.
 Experience with databases preferably SQL or NoSQL.


 Candidates should preferably be

 Willing to work on diverse products and projects, each requiring different technologies, methodologies and approaches.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing. You will also receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures.
 Familiar with cloud computing technologies such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS.


 Personal Qualities we look for

 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Self-motivated individuals, with a strong desire to learn and develop.
 Can handle ambiguity well, has a growth mindset and is a team player with a passion for technology.
 A can-do positive, pro-active attitude.


 Why Work for Citrix

 Come and work with one of the most Innovative and Forward-Thinking Technology Companies on Planet Earth! You will get to work alongside some of the Brightest, Most Talented, and Passionate People in the World. As a member of team, you'll be uniquely and strategically positioned to work on cool and exciting projects that will have a direct impact for our Customers in numerous Industries, well into the Future!

 At Citrix, we want to help set you up for a successful career with us. We support Ideation, Experimentation, Innovation and Collaboration to Build Innovative IT Products and Solutions. We’re obsessed about making our Customers and End Users Happy. We are an Innovative Engine for our Colleagues, Communities, Customers and End-Users in the Digital Marketplace!

 Citrix's Pillars of Core Values are Integrity, Respect, Curiosity, Courage and Unity. The Work at Citrix is exhilarating, and that’s what makes it a whole lot of fun!
 Apply Today!

 Functional Area:

 Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.

 Citrix Systems, Inc. is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, marital status, protected veteran status and other protected classifications.

 Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.


Required Skills: 

CI/CD automation
Git
GitHub

Preferred Skills: 

Kubernetes
AWS – Amazon Web Services
GCP – Google Cloud Services Platform
Azure – Microsoft Cloud Services

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Azure: 5 years (Preferred)
AWS: 5 years (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 5 years (Preferred)
CI/CD: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Are you passionate about working for a company who's mission is to serve children and those in need? Do you want your life's work to make a difference? Is programming for new AI an interest if so, then this role is for you. We are committed to having a diverse team!
Job Duties:

Collaborate with Product Management to scope and execute on product features while furthering values.
Focus on longevity of the codebase - notice and advocate for patterns that allow code to be flexible, scalable, and approachable to other engineers
Help our team move quickly and learn while maintaining a welcoming and supportive culture
Push our product so it continues to be a beautiful, yet intuitive and accessible interface for users from all walks of life
Build internal tools to help our technical account management team customize for individual child welfare agencies.
Maintain HIPAA compliance for sensitive data that is shared with us

Requirements:

At least 3-5 years of professional software engineering experience
A self-motivated, independent engineer who can own projects from inception to completion
Solid programming foundation in at least one programming language and experience with software development workflows (version control, testing, code review).
End-to-end experience building, shipping, and maintaining products
Growth mindset: excited to level up themselves and bring everyone else along for the ride
Sense of urgency: focus on making incremental progress and unblocking themselves and others.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Java, Python, React, and/or GraphQL experience a plus

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $210,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Python: 2 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
React: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

8-10 years of experienceExpert knowledge on .NET coreExpert knowledge on Angular componentsExperience in building API development and micro-services developmentGood Communication skillsAGILE experience is must
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

.NET Core: 10 years (Required)
Angular: 9 years (Required)
APIs: 9 years (Required)
Microservices: 9 years (Required)
Agile: 9 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +1 925 951 8576

WHO WE ARE
Ever wonder what happens when a start-up grows up? You get IDI Billing Solutions. What began as a small team with a notion to bring billing and management capabilities to growing telecom companies 26 years ago, has since grown into a 150-employee (and counting) company now known as a premier provider of innovative, cloud-based billing, automation and workflow solutions.
Simply put, we make our customers’ lives easier. We understand how important it is to have the flexibility to accommodate changes in technology and customer demands. From the basics for every SaaS customer—integration capabilities, web services, integrated G/L and subscriber portal functionality—to a suite of web applications, such as order placement, customer support, ticketing, communications, an integrated point of sale and inventory management—we’re on the cutting edge in the telecom space, and our product is always evolving.
From Communications Service Providers, to Broadband, Wireless, and beyond---we work tirelessly to deliver a range of B2B solutions.
WHO WE’RE LOOKING FOR IDI is looking for a Software Engineering Manager who will lead and inspire a team of talented engineers in an agile environment focused on developing our core platform. You will be responsible for growing, developing, and advancing this team and ensuring the development and delivery of high-quality software solutions. With teamwork as one of IDI’s core values, you will be working closely with other development managers and stakeholders to ensure alignment, clear and consistent communication and overall betterment of your team, the product and the business.

6+ years of Software Development experience
Previous experience leading or managing software development teams
Knows how to inspire and lead teams
Experience leading successful software projects
Excellent communication with developers and other technical staff, as well as peers and stakeholders
Working knowledge of Microsoft technology stack
Proficient in Agile methodologies and continuous delivery
A passion to learn and embrace new challenges
The ability to work collaboratively with our existing agile team members
Bachelor's degree or advanced degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field of study.

SO, WHAT WOULD YOU REALLY DO? 

Accountable for the delivery of high-quality software solutions by the teams they lead
Responsible for resource management of the team
Work with stakeholders to ensure alignment of strategy and execution of department initiatives.
Coach team on Agile practices and mindsets.
Responsible for ensuring processes are well documented, communicated and metrics put in place to measure effectiveness.
Help manage risks and dependencies of assigned projects.
Escalate and track impediments to projects, processes, and initiatives
Collaborates with Product Owners and other stakeholders to address critical resource bottlenecks and gather feedback on proposed adjustments.
Encourage collaboration between agile team members, Solution Leads, and Solution Architects.
Provide additional support and oversight for any projects resourced by another development team, ensuring knowledge transfer occurs and transition plans are in place and executed properly.
Improve the flow of value through their group by improving and assessing applicable development practices.
Supervisory duties including performance management, recruiting, onboarding, and employee career development.
Generate and report on applicable metrics related to oversight and improvement of their development team
Track escaping defects and overall quality of the software being produced.
Create and cultivate a strong team culture that corresponds with IDI’s core values.
Collaborate with other managers and stakeholders to create Product Engineering-wide processes and improvements.

WORKING CONDITIONS: 
Position is open for remote work within the states listed below or hybrid option based out of our Victor, NY location.
Remote work is available only in the following states: AZ, CT, FL, GA, IL, MA, NC, NJ, NY, PA, SD, TX, UT, VA, WA.
We are an equal opportunity employer. All candidates must be legally authorized to work in the US, as we are unable to sponsor or transfer Visas at this time.
WHY CHOOSE IDI? 
When it comes right down to it, you should know that we’re a close-knit, tenacious team of dedicated professionals. Ultimately, we believe that what makes a great company really boils down to two simple factors—how good its people are and how well they are cared for. That’s why we work hard to foster an environment of trust, collaboration, and inclusion, with a strong focus on work-life balance. We strive every day to maintain our employee-centric culture.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

Who We Are: Born and bred in New York City, LeagueApps is the operating system and community for youth and local sports leaders—providing them with the technology and professional network they need to succeed. A fast-growing, venture-backed company, we power thousands of clubs, tournaments, leagues, camps, and facilities with a platform that reaches more than 10 million participants nationwide.We're committed to our mission—creating amazing sports experiences for all. Through our FundPlay program, we donate a percentage of every dollar spent on our platform back to the communities and families that need it. Our goal is to impact 500,000 underserved athletes by 2022. Beyond FundPlay, we advocate for accessibility and equity through PLAYS, a movement we helped launch and lead to mobilize the industry in spring 2020, and by creating awareness around the systemic issues that keep kids on the bench. (You can listen to our President discussing this during a recent event with Axios as part of their Hard Truths Deep Dives content series.)Role Mission: The LeagueApps team is seeking an experienced Front End Engineer to help us launch a new suite of web applications for Registration. The Registration Team owns the end-to-end experience of creating and setting up programs for an Organization, for parents, players and coaches to register.What You'll Do: 

Work with Product Management and other stakeholders (Backend, UX, etc.) to iterate on new features.
Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment. Maintain and advocate for these standards through code review.
Consistently ship small features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other team members. Collaborate with the team on larger projects.
Help improve the overall experience of our product through improving the quality of the front-end features, both in your domain and features that benefit other groups.
Fix prioritized issues and provide troubleshooting and escalated technical support to production features that involve UI / front-end.
Develop test cases for cross-browser testing and assist in the QA Engineering process.

Who You Are: 

An experienced Engineer with React or other modern JavaScript web framework (Angular, Ember, etc)
Experience with writing automated tests (eg. Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Mocha, AVA, tape)
A solid understanding of semantic HTML, CSS, and core JavaScript concepts
A clear communicator with capacity to concisely communicate complex technical, architectural, and/or organizational problems and propose thorough iterative solutions
A problem solver with a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent performance and optimization issues

Compensation & Benefits: 

Equity Grants: Every employee is an owner in our Company
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision coverage, HSA
Commuter Benefits
Home-Office Stipend
Sports Leagues subsidies for employees and their children
Cell phone and gym subsidies (including Class Pass, Citi Bike, and New York Sports Club)
Mental Health Resources; Talk Space and Calm
Social impact opportunities through our FundPlay initiative that includes events, volunteering and grant-making

LeagueApps is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We are committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable organization, and to helping youth sports organizers across the country do the same.The duties listed are not exclusive and other duties may be assigned as needed or desired by the employer to meet business needs. The employer reserves the right to change, add to or eliminate positions as it deems appropriate. Your employment will be at-will, meaning you or LeagueApps Inc. may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, for any reason.#LI-Remote
Job Type: Full-time




Headquartered in San Diego, Mulligan Funding serves as a leading provider of working capital ($5K - $2M) to the small and medium-sized businesses that fuel our country. Since 2008, we have prided ourselves on our collaborative, innovative, and customer-focused approach. Enjoying a period of unprecedented growth, driven by the combination of cutting-edge technology, human touch, and unwavering integrity, we are looking to add to our people-first culture, with highly motivated and results-oriented professionals, to push the limits of what's possible while creating value for all of our partners.



 We are looking for a Principal Software Engineer to join our team to provide expertise in helping Mulligan Funding build scalable systems with a services-based architecture. We offer a fast-paced, collaborative, environment to our team members, with opportunities to learn and grow with new technologies.
   



You will:

 Develop conceptual designs and coordinate with engineers on architecture. Build highly scalable systems using a services-based architecture. Collaborate with team members to determine best practices and requirements for software. Provide oversight and approval of all final programs and products before formal launch. Oversee and support the coaching and training of team members to ensure all necessary employees are confident in the use of software applications. Actively seek ways to improve business software processes and interactions. Prepare an easy to understand report for supervisors detailing achieved milestones and short-term project goals. Use a proactive approach to common challenges and by continually researching best practices in software development. Ensure software security by developing programs to actively monitor the sharing of private information. Troubleshoot software applications problems quickly and efficiently to ensure a productive workplace.





You have:

 A minimum of seven (7) years of experience designing and implementing software applications. A demonstrated knowledge of web applications, cybersecurity and open source technologies. Experience developing software utilizing various programming languages. Outstanding collaboration and communication skills are essential. Experience overseeing customized development of multiple software applications simultaneously. Professional experience analyzing code for bugs, design flaws, security weaknesses, and errors, and overseeing plans to improve them. Experience designing secure software systems according to industrial certifications such as SOC I or SOC II. Experience building solutions using Salesforce. Experience deploying applications into Kubernetes. Familiarity with distributed systems and enterprise messaging patterns as well as tools and frameworks for implementing these. Excellent attention to detail and strong interpersonal skills. An ability to prepare and deliver presentations to large groups. Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.





We offer:

 Great Medical, Vision and Dental Benefits. Health Savings Account. Flexible Spending Accounts. Life and disability insurance. Fantastic 401K with matching contribution. Sick, Vacation, and Holidays. Gym membership contribution. Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – mental health support. Online commuter benefits. Internal Referral Program. Fun team and company events. Start-up culture, within an established business with 13 years of experience.





    Mulligan Funding is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and takes great pride in building a diverse work environment. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status.
   



Healthcare Training Leader, a fast-paced online medical training company headquartered in sunny Naples Florida, is looking for an experienced Backend WordPress Developer to build, manage, and enhance our eCommerce website.
You need to have experience with both frontend and backend coding languages for WooCommerce, WordPress, WooCommerce Plugins and content management systems such as LearnDash. It is critical that you can write custom code to solve for business problems when standard plugins will not achieve business objectives. You will be responsible for enhancing our website and making sure our website code is strong, stable, and secure.
*This position is for a full time employee based in the US and can be remote, hybrid or in-office depending on candidate preference and location. If you are a vendor, located outside of the US or looking for contract work, please do not apply.
Required Skills/Experience You’ll Need for Success: 

Strong knowledge developing and maintaining PHP code in WordPress & WooCommerce, and WooCommerce PlugIns.
Implement new requirements & plugins to enhance the site experience and conversion
Review, analyze, modify, create clean source code on the front and backend
Interface with third party APIs such as Google Analytics 4 and Microsoft Dynamics
Familiarity with optimization techniques for site speed and search
Testing and fixing bugs or other coding issues
Ability to work effectively with little supervision and strong attention to detail
Requires the ability to work on multiple projects at the same time
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to collaborate with other marketing members like email marketing & digital marketing
BONUS: Experience with WooMemberships, WooSubscriptions, WooTeams, bbPress & LearnDash, UX design skills would be a plus in this role

Benefits: 

Flexible, Paid Vacation & Holidays
Health Insurance
Education Reimbursement
Balance of Lifestyle
Monday-Friday 8-hour shift

Healthcare Training Leader Values: 
Healthcare Training Leader is a small, customer-centric and entrepreneurial minded team producing the most current, relevant and actionable content focused on solutions for small practices within the healthcare industry.
The culture at Healthcare Training Leader is built on our shared core values – People First, Own It, Tenacious Optimism, and Results. It is important that we all hold each other accountable to these values with every decision we make. These values should demonstrate who we are, not who we hope to be. They are defined as follows:
· PEOPLE FIRST: Every decision we make should have some level of positive impact on our customers and/or team. We work hard, and strive for balance between our lives in and out of the company.
· OWN IT:  When things are good we celebrate. When mistakes are made we stand up and are accountable for them, we work together to ferret out the issue and tackle it head on. We never hide from the truth.
· TENACIOUS OPTIMISM:  We do the best we can every time, and when that isn’t enough, we work harder & never give up on a project or mission if we believe in it. However, this doesn’t mean we wear blinders
· RESULTS:  The outcomes we achieve allow us to grow, identify opportunities, help our customers and ensure a strong, supportive where we want to be.
We hire, fire, review, reward, and recognize our teammates based on these characteristics, so it’s essential that you share these values in order to be part of our team. We work hard to live and breathe these values, so if you don’t embody them, it will seriously stand out. Better to know now.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

COVID-19 considerations:Common surfaces sanitized regularly, masks available, & air purifier in conference room.
Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote
As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits

Piper Companies is seeking a Firmware Engineering Team Lead in a fully remote environment to join a cutting-edge Technology and AI oriented company as a permanent/internal employee. The Firmware Engineer will support existing government contracts and develop new products related to Bluetooth technology.

 Responsibilities of the Firmware Engineer include:

 Utilize Bluetooth devices to study mobile transfer data related to firmware projects
 Implement low-level algorithms that translate to custom chip data 
 Closely interface with Director of Hardware Engineering to fulfill product roadmaps related to existing government contracts
 Develop custom chip and translate data from analog to digital
 Analyze and improve power consumption utilizing Bluetooth devices that send data to mobile devices

 ﻿
 Qualifications for the Firmware Engineer include:

 5+ years of experience with product development and hardware/software integrations 
 BA/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or related field
 Demonstrate expertise utilizing C/C++
 Demonstrate experience with Bluetooth networking, Bash or Python, and Embedded technology
 Must be willing to travel in post-COVID environment


 Compensation for the Firmware Engineer includes:

 Salary Range: $130,000 - $140,000 + equity *depending on experience*
 Benefits: 75% Medical Coverage, 100% Dental & Vision, Unlimited PTO, Paid Holidays, and Equity


 Keywords: firmware engineer, firmware engineering, team lead, lead, manager, mgr, management, software, mobile software, mobile, internal, remote, hybrid, remotely, work from home, wfh, Bluetooth, Bluetooth technology, bash, python, c, c++, embedded tech, embedded technology, engineering, support, product, products, defense, intelligence, interface, interfacing, interfaced, algorithm, algorithms, android device, android devices, android, android software, ios device, ios, ios software, boston, ma, massachusetts


Embedded Software/Firmware Engineer Liberating Technologies, Inc., Holliston, MA
Liberating Technologies, Inc. (LTI) has an immediate opening for a position that requires an individual with an embedded systems background to perform duties in the field of medical device product design and development. Liberating Technologies, Inc. is a designer and developer of prosthetic devices for adults and children that was acquired by Coapt LLC in 2021, an industry leader in pattern recognition for prosthetics. The companies specialize in high-technology solutions to prosthetic and orthotic systems with a focus toward powered upper-limb prosthetics. LTI has been in business since 2000 and has grown a government funded research program since 2008, which will provide a majority of the support for this position.
Examples of projects include developing multi-node wireless sensor systems, developing technologies to remove perspiration and heat from a prosthetic socket, optimizing prosthetic foot selection for an individual based on their balance capabilities, developing a system to assess prosthetic socket fit, creating innovative hand/wrist controllers based on EMG inputs, developing an interface with commercial gaming systems to create a motivational prosthetic training tool, etc.
Responsibilities: 

Design, development, and testing of embedded firmware across multiple processors for various projects.
Write and document code, primarily C, for functional prototypes to support advanced R&D.
System integration of various analog and digital sensors/controllers/actuators to prototype various devices and conduct product evaluation trials.
Develop embedded devices such as data loggers to obtain research data in addition to executing control algorithm implementation and actuator control systems.
Rapid prototyping of concepts for feasibility studies including hands-on building and testing of experimental systems.
Create and manage software requirements and documentation including defect tracking, testing, and code reviews.
Regular reporting of project status to project manager.
Support different aspects of a small company’s day-to-day requirements as needed.

Requirements: 

Bachelor’s degree with concentrations in CE, EE, or CS and 3+ years related programming experience
Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Sponsoring for work visa (H1B, OPT, etc.) is not available at this time. 
Proficient in C/C++ in an embedded environment (Nordic nRF, ARM Cortex-M, MSP430, etc.)
Direct experience with: Real-time operating systems (FreeRTOS, etc.) and bare-metal systems; Designing Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) and developing custom device profiles; Power management and deployment on portable, battery-powered systems; Real-time sensor acquisition and processing (analog and digital); Serial communication protocols (I2C, SPI, UART, USB, CAN, etc.); Testing and writing firmware for untested PCBs; Data logging and working with embedded file systems; Version control (GIT, etc.)
Familiarity with: Brushless DC motors, linear actuators, and motor controllers; Electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, digital logic analyzers, etc.); Scripting languages (Python, etc.)
Ability to read and interpret schematics and component data sheets
Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to multi-task and work on multiple projects simultaneously
Personable, self-motivated, and self-directed and highly organized
Position is a hybrid position that will require some weekly effort on-site and some may be done remotely.

Other Desired Skills: 

Experience with: Segger Embedded Studio, TI Code Composer Studio or similar; Nordic nRF SDK; Acquiring and processing physiological data; Inertial measurement units (accelerometers, gyroscopes, magnetometers)
Familiarity with: Arduino development; Developing embedded voice recognition; Machine Learning (Tensor Flow, etc.); Unity development; TI SimpleLink™ platform; Scripting in MATLAB; Data acquisition and control with LabVIEW
Mobile Application Development (Android, iOS) and UI development experience a plus
Embedded electronics hardware design (schematic capture, PCB layout)
Medical device experience including human subject data logging privacy (including HIPAA confidentiality)
Experience with medical and electronic device qualification and certification (IEC 60601, etc.)
Prior work in a rehabilitation engineering field

Applicants should be prepared to quickly supply letters of reference upon request.
Liberating Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $78,964.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Liberating Technologies, Inc. follows all CDC Covid guidelines
Ability to commute/relocate:

Holliston, MA 01746: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Related programming requirements: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location


Rochester, NY 
Category: Tech
Type: Full-time
Min. Experience: Some Experience
Salary: $82,000 - $90,000





Location: Full Time - Rochester, NY/Remote


    Measures for Justice is a non-partisan, fast-paced, entrepreneurial non-profit on a mission to make good criminal justice data available and actionable to spur reform. Since 2011, we have pioneered a methodology to compare how different justice systems perform on the county level and led the charge to improve county-level criminal justice data. While we do not advocate for any specific reforms, we do work to make change possible by increasing system transparency, accessibility, and accountability. We’ve got world-class criminal justice data and technology chops. And a culture that demands excellence, rigor and people who like to make good ideas come to life. 
   Our Premise


    Local communities and the institutions that serve them are in the best position to reshape how their criminal justice system works. 
   What Problem Is MFJ Trying to Solve?


    The data communities need to make informed decisions about system performance and change are in short supply. The same goes for accountability and transparency. As a result, communities and the institutions that serve them are not equipped to work together on lasting change.
  


 How Does MFJ Aim To Solve This Problem?


    We’ve developed a new model for the community and the prosecutor/police/courts to work together to create a space for making criminal justice data transparent and shared goals public via a public dashboard called Commons.
  

 The Job


    As a Web Developer, reporting to the Director of Product Engineering, you will work on an agile team of talented developers to create data-centric, web based products that help bring transparency to the criminal justice system and reflect MFJ’s social impact mission.
  

 What You Will Do


    You will be working in a full Javascript stack leveraging React, D3, Next.js, Node, Typescript and GraphQL and will be developing and supporting both public facing products as well as internally facing data processing tools. Our overall tech stack includes HTML5/CSS, React, Node, Next.js, D3, Kotlin, Java, Postgres, Docker, AWS services (including S3 and DynamoDB), Redis, GraphQL, Kubernetes.
  

 About You




      You are continually improving your craft and are eager to work with the latest technologies.
    


      You have strong design and critical thinking skills, with knowledge of web development best practices.
    


      You are creative with an intuitive sense of design. You have a mastery of HTML5/CSS and can develop a UI without a framework, but have also worked with frameworks such as SASS, Tailwind, Bootstrap, or Foundation.
    


      Your programming skills are way above average, you’re admired by your peers and have had a continuous string of successful projects.
    


      You are familiar with accessibility best-practices. You write semantic HTML that can be navigated with just a keyboard, and you know when to use (and not use) ARIA attributes.
    


      You have worked with JavaScript libraries/environments such as React, Node, Next.js, D3,UI component libraries.
    


      You have prior professional experience working for a criminal justice agency (preferred).
    


      1+ years professional web development experience (Co-ops and Internships apply).
    


      BS or MS in Computer Science or related discipline or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
    


 Next Steps


    To apply, please visit our website - https://www.measuresforjustice.org/about/jobs
  


 Review of applications will begin 
   immediately
 and will continue until the position is filled.
  

 Measures for Justice (MFJ) is committed to fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion in our workplace. We are committed to eradicating barriers to access and opportunity and strive to create a welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds. We know that only by bringing together our diverse perspectives can we begin to understand and innovatively tackle the complex issues we engage with. We acknowledge there is a lot of work to be done to ensure we are embodying these principles in our workplace and our work, and we are deeply committed to this ongoing practice. Our work is the data; our heart is the people. We encourage applicants from all backgrounds and experiences to apply. We offer competitive salaries, comprehensive benefits, and a casual work environment. Our office is wheelchair accessible.
  


 It is the policy of Measures for Justice to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Measures for Justice will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
If you require an accommodation during the hiring process, please contact Jill Wesley at 
jill.wesley@measuresforjustice.org







    Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global market leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. We are on a mission to redefine how organizations connect with their audiences - and that’s just the beginning!
   


 Organizations, large and small, depend on us to accurately publicize market-moving news and multimedia, and generate social engagements that develop interactions with their target audiences.
   


 About the Role


     The Software Engineering Manager will manage a team of Full Stack Engineers who successfully deliver new products and services that delight our customers. This person is an excellent communicator and has a desire to own and improve our products. They will be a hands-on Engineer who contributes to the code base and manages customer escalations while also providing strong leadership to the team as we continue our digital transformation journey.
   



What You'll Do

 Attract, hire, and manage a full-stack team of 4-8 engineers spanning front-end web apps and back-end services Promote an inclusive team culture that challenges and empowers everyone to do the best work of their career Champion engineering excellence, establishing business metrics, and drive continuous operational improvement Work independently and suggest ideas, solutions and technical improvements for products and systems to increase revenue, reduce time to market, and make our systems more capable of adapting to shifting business requirements Write clean, maintainable code that includes unit and integration tests Provide escalation support for on call support rotation Effectively communicate feedback and decisions to your internal team and external partners Identify organizational optimizations that will help improve development speed and quality Lead and participate in critical technical, design, and product discussions with leaders across our product and operations teams Own the success of your team's product and deliver quantifiable results in a timely manner Mentor and support peers, and onboard new developers





What You'll Need

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience in a related field 2+ years of experience managing Full Stack engineering teams that have a strong track record of delivery for cross-functional product experience in Cloud native environments 8+ years of Full Stack software development experience 2+ years of experience with JavaScript UI frameworks such as React 2+ years of experience with Node.js Experienced in AWS development with hands-on knowledge of Lambda, S3, and other AWS services Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences Desired but not required Knowledge of Java and standard packages/libraries Exposure to test automation: TDD, unit/integration/functional testing Exposure to web/cloud application design and architectural principles Exposure to microservice based architecture Exposure to SQL and NoSQL databases Exposure to container technologies like Docker and Kubernetes Ability to work in an agile collaborative environment At this time, Business Wire will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.





    Business Wire is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Business Wire will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
   



About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated Senior Software Engineer (Front-end) to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics for a fully remote work setup. You'll be working closely with our product and design teams to support new and ongoing front-end development of our web-based applications, contribute technical expertise in our product decisions, and deliver successful implementation of product ideas using best front-end development practices for our Core Platform as well as other products.We are seeking a candidate with a passion for developing efficient, user-friendly and intuitive solutions to UI/UX design problems by staying up to date with best practices and emerging trends.This is a remote position.The Responsibilities

Design, develop and build Platform products and features using AngularJS with complete and seamless integration to the backend technologies and services
Partner closely with UI/UX designers and Product Managers to shape requirements, translate complex workflows into well-rounded features and delightful user experiences
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs prior to development
Optimize existing features for user experience and improved efficiency
Write clean, well-tested, reusable and quality code, adhering to best practices (and contribute towards continuous improvement of those practices)
Architect and develop efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems that drive complex web applications
Learn and contribute to new and existing technologies that make up our stack
Participate in code reviews and provide technical guidance and mentorship to other team members

The Requirements

6+ years programming experience
3+ years writing single-page apps using a modern Javascript framework like React, Vue or Angular (AngularJS preferred)
Experience interacting with RESTful HTTP APIs
Solid understanding and experience with UI layouts, CSS/SASS, and libraries such as Bootstrap
Significant experience of debugging using browser-based tools like Chrome Developer Console
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

vQF0aQlJvu
Job Type: Full-time

Every day, Global Payments makes it possible for millions of people to move money between buyers and sellers using our payments solutions for credit, debit, prepaid and merchant services. Our worldwide team helps over 3 million companies, more than 1,300 financial institutions and over 600 million cardholders grow with confidence and achieve amazing results. We are driven by our passion for success and we are proud to deliver best-in-class payment technology and software solutions. Join our dynamic team and make your mark on the payments technology landscape of tomorrow.
Summary of This Role

Design, develop, test, and release software to consumers.
Apply DevOps best practices and principles that will make development cycles shorter and assist teams in continuously delivering high-quality software.
Integrate daily Dev/Ops tasks involved in the development, quality control, deployment, and integration of software development into a single, continuous set of processes

Essential Duties

Systems analysis and documentation (10%)

Analyze the technology currently being used and develops plans and processes for improvement and expansion of the CI/CD EcoSystem
Write Release Engineering Standard Operation Procedures
Collaborate with the development, IT, DBA, Security teams to define CI/CD requirements

Project planning (10%)

Participate in project planning meetings to share release engineering knowledge of system deployment options, risk, impact, and costs vs. benefits.
Communicate operational requirements and Dev/Ops development forecasts.

Building and setting up development tools and infrastructure (50%)

Design, develop, code, build, install, configure, and maintain IT solutions for:
Continuous management
Continuous integration
Continuous testing
Continuous deployment
Continuous monitoring
Automate and improve development and release processes
Test and review automation code
Work with software developers and software engineers to ensure that development follows established release processes and works as intended

Deployment (1*0%)*

Maintain and continuously improve configuration management software to automatically deploy updates and fixes into the production environment.
Maintain and continuously improve recovery management software to automatically rollback deployed updates.

Maintenance, Troubleshooting and Performance management (2*0%) *

Perform routine application maintenance to ensure the production environment runs smoothly.
Develop maintenance requirements and procedures.
Identify problems or bottlenecks in everyday processes and procedures
Suggest improvements and implement fixes as needed to ensure processes meet expectations
Recommend performance enhancements by performing gap analysis, identifying alternative solutions, and assisting with modifications.
Required Qualifications

Experience with infrastructure as code environments, including activities around the automated server or network configurations, large-scale software deployments, or monitoring and testing, such as continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD)
Experience with Linux & Windows systems administration
Experience with provisioning and managing infrastructure as well as applications in Cloud environments including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Azure or Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Experience with identifying and implementing automation to improve user experience (UX)
Experience with scripting in Bash, PowerShell, Python, Groovy, or Ruby
Experience with open technologies, DevOps, and related Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools, including Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift, Jenkins, GitHub/GitLab, Ansible, Git/Artifactory, and others
Experience with automation tools, including Chef, Terraform, CloudFormation, or Ansible
Experience with system integration using a variety of protocols, including JSON, REST, and XML
Experience with leveraging JSON, YAML, or XML for configuration
Experience with DevOps and Agile methodologies
Experience with documenting an as-is state of the environment, perform a gap analysis and produce artifacts that articulate options and recommendations preferred
Experience with containerization including OpenShift, Docker, or Kubernetes
Experience with managing project priorities and deliverables

Preferred Qualification: 

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent
7 years of experience with depth and breadth of technical expertise in designing and developing continuous integration, continuous testing, and continuous delivery frameworks.
3 year of experience with team leadership in professional setting
Advanced general skills in; leadership, communication, organizational, interpersonal, conflict management/resolution, problem solving, negotiation, decision-making, analytical

Global Payments Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.
Global Payments provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, genetic information or any other basis protected by law. Those applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application and/or interview process should notify a representative of the Human Resources Department.
Applicants to roles based in the United States Only: 
Except where prohibited by state law, Global Payments will give preference to candidates fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Team members are considered fully vaccinated after completing both primary vaccinations, if applicable, and after the requisite amount of time set by health authorities. Global Payments provides reasonable accommodations for medical or religious reasons or any other legally required reasons. 
R0030659
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $155,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

High school or equivalent (Required)

Work Location: Remote

AWS Certified DevOps Engineer – Professional
Skillset/JD DevOps CI/CD multi region replication Amazon Connect
10+ years of IT and 7 years of experience working with AWS cloud services and a proven track record of building complex infrastructure.
Expert level knowledge with AWS design architecture and services EC2 IAM S3 etc.
Hands on experience with ECS EKS Kubernetes Docker MUST TLS Bash Shell. Hands on experience of programming in one of the languages such as Python Ruby Go Swift Java Net C or similar object oriented language.
Experience with automating cloud native technologies deploying applications and provisioning infrastructure. Hands on experience with Infrastructure as Code e g Terraform Ansible Cloud formation etc. Solid knowledge of server infrastructure virtualization and cloud computing. Experience with architecting and maintaining high availability production systems.
Knowledge of system monitoring in a cloud environment including cloud specific products and tools. Good knowledge of security SAML OAuth OpenID Kerberos Policies entitlements etc.
Infrastructure deployment experience in the Public cloud. Knowledge of security controls for the Public cloud encryption of data in motion rest and key management.
Experience developing cloud native CI CD workflows and tools such as Jenkins Bamboo TeamCity Code Deploy AWS and or GitLab. A current AWS certification AWS Solution Architect Associate at the minimum strongly preferred.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: From $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 9492292769

Job description

Experience in Coding using Java, C++, or Python.
Strong fundamentals in Core java and data structures
Knowledge in front end technologies like HTML, CSS, Bootstrap
Knowledge with databases like MySql, Oracle.
Experience with unit testing, release procedures, and coding design.
Experience with Frameworks like Spring, Hibernate, and rest will be plus
Ability to create manual test cases.
Familiar with Eclipse, Tomcat, and version control tools like SVN or GIT
Flexible team player and should have the desire to learn and grow.
Ability to manage tasks independently and take ownership of responsibilities.
Excellent communication skills and ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment.
Perform bug fixes of various modules applications that were raised by the testing team.
Involve in debugging the defects, code review, and analysis of Performance issues.
Use Splunk for performance monitoring and system exceptions.

Job Requirements:B.S or M.S in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or related field.
Visa eligibilities : OPT,CPT, H1B,F1,EAD(GC/H4/L2)
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $50,137.00 - $103,044.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Miami & Fully Remote
develop are scaling software engineering teams that shape our world.
Innovative Technology business for PR, Media and Marketing Solutions
Hiring fully remote, building greenfield products for various customers
Looking for Senior and Lead Developers able to manage and mentor
React.js Java Fullstack Software Engineer, React.js Java requirements;
Experience across any of the following; React.js, Java, Microservices, Docker
eCommerce, marketplace, customer facing or multi-user application experience ideal
Able to manage with experience of leading teams and technical decisions
Wanting to work within a scaling team, able to work fully remote
Both back and front end experience needed
Successful referrals will be rewarded - Who can you refer? Please apply to talk through this role and business.
Please contact me directly for additional Software Development related positions.
Will Youle
React.js Java Fullstack Software Engineer, React.js Java - $120 - $180k Benefits / Bonus
Miami & Fully Remote
Required Skills: 

CI/CD automation
Git
GitHub

Preferred Skills: 

Kubernetes
AWS – Amazon Web Services
GCP – Google Cloud Services Platform
Azure – Microsoft Cloud Services

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Azure: 5 years (Preferred)
AWS: 5 years (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 5 years (Preferred)
CI/CD: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Why Vacasa

We started with just one home and an idea: to bring homeowners and renters together with smart technology and caring local teams. Today, we're the largest full-service vacation rental company in North America thanks to the people who give us their best every day. You'll fit right in here if you're curious, entrepreneurial, and thrive in a rapid-growth environment.

Why Software Engineering at Vacasa

We build the tools that allow other departments to succeed. We're constantly experimenting and fine-tuning our products. We value stability, security, and scalability. Our favorite word is autonomy—we want everyone to have a voice.

What we're looking for

Vacasa is looking for a software engineer who is eager to contribute and learn who can function independently in a fast-paced software development environment.

In this role, you would be part of a cross-functional team building and operating scalable, cloud-native solutions to high-impact business problems. An ideal candidate for this role will have experience integrating cloud-based business applications (e.g. NetSuite, Salesforce) and experience with iPaaS platforms (preferably MuleSoft).

What you'll do

Participate in the design and building of high quality solutions on AWS Cloud in a fast moving environment
Utilize your Python programming skills and basic knowledge of cloud services to implement highly scalable and reliable solutions
Collaborate within the team's codebase, authoring PRs and reviewing other team members' PRs
Utilize DevOps tools and best practices to implement highly automated deployment pipelines
Participate in and help build a collaborative, productive team culture around product-focused goals

Skills you'll need

Minimum three years of professional experience
Ability to write high-quality, well-tested code that places maintainability over cleverness
Experience with SQL and relational databases
Experience writing automated test suites (unit, functional, and integration)
Experience working with Infrastructure as Code Experience with Agile (Scrum) software development processes

Bonus points

Experience building applications and services in a service-oriented architecture
Experience with AWS cloud platform
Experience with MySQL, Postgres
B.S./M.S. in Computer Science
Ability to work from home and resides in one of the followings states: AK, AL, AZ, CA, CO, DE, FL, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, KS, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MT, NC, NH, NJ, NM, NV, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, or WY

Working conditions

This position is fully remote, you'll be working in your home office setting. We hold virtual training sessions and weekly team meeting. Occasional offsite team meetings in your region or our HQ locations. Requires frequent, repetitive use of a computer, phone, and office equipment. Requires patient, professional communication with prospective clients, and the ability to build confidence with prospects.

Compensation

$100,000 - $130,000 DOE

What you'll get

Health/dental/vision insurance - employee & family coverage options
Employer Sponsored & Voluntary Supplemental Benefits
401K retirement savings plan with immediate 100% company match on the first 6% you contribute
Health & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Flexible vacation time
Paid sick days and holidays
Paid parental leave after one year of tenure
Employee Assistance Program
Career advancement opportunities
Employee discounts and
All the equipment you'll need to be successful
Great colleagues and culture

Please visit our careers page to review our full benefits offerings

Vacasa is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We do not discriminate against applicants based upon race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or other classes protected by applicable law. Veterans are encouraged.

Vacasa is committed to maintaining a safe and productive work environment. Possession, use, or being under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs in the workplace is prohibited.

An offer of employment for this role will be contingent upon the successful completion of a background check.Front-End Developer
Benefits • Product Discounts • Remote Eligible
Here at Swanson, we understand family comes first and we strive to honor that belief by offering our full-time employees paid time off, floating holidays and sick days.
Join Swanson in our mission to work together to help people live healthier lives!

SUMMARY
The primary function of this position is to maintain and develop front-end code that is designed and optimized for the best user experience achievable and complies with all Swanson design and performance standards.
ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop with the user in mind; Produce new and refresh outdated design and code for a variety of Swanson affiliated websites and materials as well as formulate initial design ideas for multiple projects.
Ensure all front-end code touched is current, clean and bug free and complies with the Swanson responsive design and performance standards; Maintain related documentation as necessary.
Gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions; Build wireframes, mock-ups, prototypes, etc as needed at tech scoping stage of projects.
Work with a team to develop project plans and ensure projects are completed within scope and deadlines; formulate a creative plan for meeting goals and expectation.
Communicate with management to fully understand desired direction on current and future projects. Regularly update team with project status.
Design html prototypes, visual interfaces and interaction of web-based applications maintaining a consistent look in line with establish Swanson branding, infrastructure and SEO efforts.
Stay abreast of w3 standards, new software and web innovations in the industry.
Speak your mind in a supportive forum and respect the opinions of others; actively seek out innovative solutions to solve web-related business problems.
Ensure integrity of overall look and feel of website across all marketing channels (desktop, mobile, tablet, print, email, etc).
Work with team members to improve internal tools and make their lives easier.
May lead and direct the work of others on web-related projects.
Maintain a positive and professional working relationship with peers, management, and support resources, with a constant commitment to teamwork and exemplary customer service.
Conducts self in the presence of customers and community so as to present a professional image of SHP.
COMPETENCIES REQUIRED
Deep understand usability best practices and methodologies and have a deep understanding of user-centered design principles as related to eCommerce
Relentless attention to detail, commitment to producing quality work, deadline conscious
An innate love of web development, design and al things that go with a world class eCommerce experience
Extensive experience with HTML, JavaScript, CSS (LESS) and Adobe CS
Extensive experience with JavaScript libraries and frond-end frameworks (jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Experience with versioning and revision control software such as SVN and GIT
Understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and solutions
Ability to test own work and troubleshoot bugs
The ability to scope and estimate efforts accurately, prioritize tasks and goals independently, and rapidly produce deliverables
Clear written and verbal communication skills; ability to successfully communicate with all levels of management
Must be capable and comfortable multi-tasking between concurrent tasks with changing priorities and deadlines
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design, Graphic Communications, Multimedia. Or; an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential responsibilities and duties of the job as listed above.
EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE
Mac and Windows operating systems, computers, mobile devices, tablets, and remote access capability
Bug and project tracking software
Web Analytics software
JIRA
Microsoft Office Products
General office equipment
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to produce and implement functional software solutions. You will work with upper management to define software requirements and take the lead on operational and technical projects. In this role, you should be able to work independently with little supervision. You should have excellent organization and problem-solving skills. If you have hands-on experience in software development and agile methodologies, we’d like to meet you. Your goal will be to develop high-quality software that is aligned with user needs and business goals.
Responsibilities

Develop high-quality software design and architecture
Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development life cycle
Develop tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code
Automate tasks through appropriate tools and scripting
Review and debug code
Perform validation and verification testing
Collaborate with internal teams and vendors to fix and improve products
Document development phases and monitor systems
Ensure software is up-to-date with latest technologies

Skills

5+ years experience as a Senior Software Engineer
Extensive experience in software development, scripting and project management
Experience using system monitoring tools (e.g. New Relic) and automated testing frameworks
Knowledge of selected programming languages (e.g. Python, C++) and the Java/J2EE platform and Ruby (Required)
In-depth knowledge of relational databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) and NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB)
Familiarity with various operating systems (Linux, Mac OS, Windows)
Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude
Ability to work independently
Excellent organizational and leadership skills
BSc/BA in Computer Science or a related degree

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $96,953.00 - $171,654.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:All employees must have or be willing to receive the vaccine prior to the first day of employment.
Application Question(s):

Please cite your work eligibility status as either United States citizen, GC, or H1B visa holder.

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Software Engineer: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   1 - 2 Years Experience
  
FYD is a collaborative team of designers, developers, and marketing specialists who connect businesses to their audiences by building memorable brands. We are looking for a Frontend Developer who will take on a key role on our team to deliver functional, intuitive websites.
 DETAILS

Contract position (20 hours a week).
Potential full time role after 3 month contract.
Remote position. Our office is in the heart of downtown Downers Grove, you are welcome to be onsite if preferred.

REQUIREMENTS

Bring ideas and strategic thinking to creative execution to drive results.
Collaborate with the rest of the development team to design and launch new features.
Experience working with graphic designers and converting designs to visual elements.
Experience working with frameworks such as WordPress and Laravel.
Detailed experience with coding and the ability to troubleshoot and analyze websites using HTML, SCSS, JS, and comparable languages.
Development experience for both mobile and desktop.
Maintain code integrity and organization with a knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git.



1) Job Title - – TECH PRODUCT SUPPORT ENGINEER
2) Job Type: - Contract
2) Rate -$60/HR C2C
Remote
5) Years of Experience Required = 8+ Years (Minimum 7 Years) 
JD
Connected Technology Team is building XYZ’s next-gen Telemetry & IOT (Vehicle and Charger data) platform which will enable our customers to optimize asset utilization, access valuable data & analytics via mobile and SaaS solutions, enable Engineering to monitor and analyze in-service data for continued product improvement, and enable Service with predictive and real-time data to support proactive Customer Support.
In this role, you will be the technical subject matter expert on our platform to our customers (internal and external) and work collaboratively with the software engineering team to support, maintain and improve our platform. You will analyze system and data problems, recommend solutions and platform improvements, implement tertiary processes/systems and develop artifacts required to improve customer experience of our platform. The successful candidate will work in a vibrant environment with world-class peers and is expected to display innovation, exceptional problem-solving capabilities, and strong interpersonal skills.
Responsibilities:

Have ownership of the internal and external customer experience of our software services/platform
Provide tier 2 support to our customers (Onboarding customers, addressing customer queries, and performing data analytics/validation)
Be actively involved with the operational delivery and UAT if required for new product and feature releases
Assist in the creation and implementation of customer self-service material and tools
Record and track SLAs and workflows
Write technical documentation and provide customer training and/or training support as needed
Implement any support or alternative workflow solutions to solve customer problems with existing platform features
Collaborate with product management and software engineering team in design/implementation of new features, and help everyone understand the customer experience feedback and peripheral processes
Troubleshoot, debug, fix and upgrade software
Validate/Troubleshoot issues and participate in bug triage meetings to help determine priority of requested bug fixes/features
Occasional travel (international and domestic) is required

Qualifications:
Thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle and IoT/SaaS applications. A passion for providing positive customer experience, strong technical and analytical skills, and excellent written and verbal communication skills are essential.

Working knowledge of Java, Spring Boot, REST/Microservices, SQL and JavaScript needed to build a SaaS and IoT application platform
Strong experience with SQL and scripting languages (Python, Perl, etc.)
Knowledge of data modelling and data visualization tools working with Elastic Search and SQL databases.
Adept with browser testing and debugging
Knowledge of Scrum/Kanban Agile workflow methodologies
Demonstrated experience supporting IoT and SaaS platforms
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, IT or relevant field
6+ years of software development experience in SaaS or IoT solutions - Proven experience as a full stack developer or project/technical support lead
Able to empathize, sell ideas, and influence others
Able to multitask, prioritize, and manage time efficiently
Experience in utilities or transit industry is a plus

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

VMWare: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux: 1 year (Preferred)
Systems & Applications Administrators & Architects: 1 year (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote




    Scope AR is the pioneer of enterprise-class augmented reality solutions, delivering the industry’s only cross-platform AR tools for getting workers the knowledge they need, when they need it. The company is revolutionizing the way enterprises work and collaborate by offering AR tools that provide more effective and efficient knowledge-sharing to conduct complex remote tasks, employee training, product and equipment assembly, maintenance and repair, field and customer support, and more.
   


 The company’s device-agnostic technology supports smartphones, tablets and wearables, making it easy for leading organizations like Johnson & Johnson, Danaher, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell, and others to leverage AR as a new way to scale their organizations globally, with greater efficiency.
   


 Working at Scope AR provides you the opportunity to have a real and major impact on the way products around the globe get created and how work gets done.
   


 As a DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for scaling and securing server and network infrastructure of our services, both for the Scope AR Cloud and for on-premise installations, often for large, security conscious customers. You will play a key role in delivering the services our software depends upon, and be essential to our success.
   



Responsibilities

 Work with development teams to automate and streamline releases of our mission-critical distributed systems Based on our customers’ needs, design infrastructure configurations, both for our hosted services and for on-premise installations Anticipate changes to infrastructure to meet customers’ changing needs Write scripts to automate installations, maintenance, migrations, etc. Maintain, troubleshoot and administer VMs and networks for our hosted infrastructure Improve our Docker Swarm configuration set up for high availability and scalability to support our products Improve and execute on security policies, identify and resolve security issues Run scans, and harden server images, configuration, networks and environments Monitor services infrastructure performance; analyze issues, recommend and implement changes Automate testing of configuration and scripts Load/stress test configurations Create and run tests to determine scaling characteristics Document DevOps processes: develop standards to guide operations, support and maintenance Work with our customer to establish suitable network configurations and security policies to run our software Provide top tier support for on-premise installations Respond to security and infrastructure questions Plan and execute on meeting compliance requirements





Required Skills

 Minimum 3 yrs experience in a devops role Experience with Kubernetes Very good Linux knowledge Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins/Circle CI Linux server scripting skills, especially bash and higher-level languages, such as Python Automating installations Network configuration, setting firewall rules and other security policies AWS management, especially configuring VPCs, and using IAM Working with Docker, Docker compose and Docker swarm Database scaling and clustering Scaling services and network infrastructure in a cloud or data center environment Managed microservice-based service at scale How to monitor service performance, and automate scaling up or down How to monitor for security issues in an AWS environment





Bonus Skills

 Familiar with red/black deployments Experience with other AWS services, such as Aurora Experience with non-AWS cloud services, such as Microsoft Azure Comfortable scripting in Python and/or Ruby Experience with Chef/Puppet Experience with tools such as ELK, Graylog or similar Experience working in a SOC 2, ISO27001, and other compliance environments






 We're growing our team quickly, so if you like solving hard problems, want to have real influence at work and have the skills listed above, we'd love to hear from you!
   



WHO WE ARE
Ever wonder what happens when a start-up grows up? You get IDI Billing Solutions. What began as a small team with a notion to bring billing and management capabilities to growing telecom companies 26 years ago, has since grown into a 150-employee (and counting) company now known as a premier provider of innovative, cloud-based billing, automation and workflow solutions.
Simply put, we make our customers’ lives easier. We understand how important it is to have the flexibility to accommodate changes in technology and customer demands. From the basics for every SaaS customer—integration capabilities, web services, integrated G/L and subscriber portal functionality—to a suite of web applications, such as order placement, customer support, ticketing, communications, an integrated point of sale and inventory management—we’re on the cutting edge in the telecom space, and our product is always evolving.
From Communications Service Providers, to Broadband, Wireless, and beyond---we work tirelessly to deliver a range of B2B solutions.
WHO WE’RE LOOKING FOR IDI is looking for a Software Engineering Manager who will lead and inspire a team of talented engineers in an agile environment focused on developing our core platform. You will be responsible for growing, developing, and advancing this team and ensuring the development and delivery of high-quality software solutions. With teamwork as one of IDI’s core values, you will be working closely with other development managers and stakeholders to ensure alignment, clear and consistent communication and overall betterment of your team, the product and the business.

6+ years of Software Development experience
Previous experience leading or managing software development teams
Knows how to inspire and lead teams
Experience leading successful software projects
Excellent communication with developers and other technical staff, as well as peers and stakeholders
Working knowledge of Microsoft technology stack
Proficient in Agile methodologies and continuous delivery
A passion to learn and embrace new challenges
The ability to work collaboratively with our existing agile team members
Bachelor's degree or advanced degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field of study.

SO, WHAT WOULD YOU REALLY DO? 

Accountable for the delivery of high-quality software solutions by the teams they lead
Responsible for resource management of the team
Work with stakeholders to ensure alignment of strategy and execution of department initiatives.
Coach team on Agile practices and mindsets.
Responsible for ensuring processes are well documented, communicated and metrics put in place to measure effectiveness.
Help manage risks and dependencies of assigned projects.
Escalate and track impediments to projects, processes, and initiatives
Collaborates with Product Owners and other stakeholders to address critical resource bottlenecks and gather feedback on proposed adjustments.
Encourage collaboration between agile team members, Solution Leads, and Solution Architects.
Provide additional support and oversight for any projects resourced by another development team, ensuring knowledge transfer occurs and transition plans are in place and executed properly.
Improve the flow of value through their group by improving and assessing applicable development practices.
Supervisory duties including performance management, recruiting, onboarding, and employee career development.
Generate and report on applicable metrics related to oversight and improvement of their development team
Track escaping defects and overall quality of the software being produced.
Create and cultivate a strong team culture that corresponds with IDI’s core values.
Collaborate with other managers and stakeholders to create Product Engineering-wide processes and improvements.

WORKING CONDITIONS: 
Position is open for remote work within the states listed below or hybrid option based out of our Victor, NY location.
Remote work is available only in the following states: AZ, CT, FL, GA, IL, MA, NC, NJ, NY, PA, SD, TX, UT, VA, WA.
We are an equal opportunity employer. All candidates must be legally authorized to work in the US, as we are unable to sponsor or transfer Visas at this time.
WHY CHOOSE IDI? 
When it comes right down to it, you should know that we’re a close-knit, tenacious team of dedicated professionals. Ultimately, we believe that what makes a great company really boils down to two simple factors—how good its people are and how well they are cared for. That’s why we work hard to foster an environment of trust, collaboration, and inclusion, with a strong focus on work-life balance. We strive every day to maintain our employee-centric culture.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

8-10 years of experienceExpert knowledge on .NET coreExpert knowledge on Angular componentsExperience in building API development and micro-services developmentGood Communication skillsAGILE experience is must
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

.NET Core: 10 years (Required)
Angular: 9 years (Required)
APIs: 9 years (Required)
Microservices: 9 years (Required)
Agile: 9 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +1 925 951 8576




Headquartered in San Diego, Mulligan Funding serves as a leading provider of working capital ($5K - $2M) to the small and medium-sized businesses that fuel our country. Since 2008, we have prided ourselves on our collaborative, innovative, and customer-focused approach. Enjoying a period of unprecedented growth, driven by the combination of cutting-edge technology, human touch, and unwavering integrity, we are looking to add to our people-first culture, with highly motivated and results-oriented professionals, to push the limits of what's possible while creating value for all of our partners.



 We are looking for a Principal Software Engineer to join our team to provide expertise in helping Mulligan Funding build scalable systems with a services-based architecture. We offer a fast-paced, collaborative, environment to our team members, with opportunities to learn and grow with new technologies.
   



You will:

 Develop conceptual designs and coordinate with engineers on architecture. Build highly scalable systems using a services-based architecture. Collaborate with team members to determine best practices and requirements for software. Provide oversight and approval of all final programs and products before formal launch. Oversee and support the coaching and training of team members to ensure all necessary employees are confident in the use of software applications. Actively seek ways to improve business software processes and interactions. Prepare an easy to understand report for supervisors detailing achieved milestones and short-term project goals. Use a proactive approach to common challenges and by continually researching best practices in software development. Ensure software security by developing programs to actively monitor the sharing of private information. Troubleshoot software applications problems quickly and efficiently to ensure a productive workplace.





You have:

 A minimum of seven (7) years of experience designing and implementing software applications. A demonstrated knowledge of web applications, cybersecurity and open source technologies. Experience developing software utilizing various programming languages. Outstanding collaboration and communication skills are essential. Experience overseeing customized development of multiple software applications simultaneously. Professional experience analyzing code for bugs, design flaws, security weaknesses, and errors, and overseeing plans to improve them. Experience designing secure software systems according to industrial certifications such as SOC I or SOC II. Experience building solutions using Salesforce. Experience deploying applications into Kubernetes. Familiarity with distributed systems and enterprise messaging patterns as well as tools and frameworks for implementing these. Excellent attention to detail and strong interpersonal skills. An ability to prepare and deliver presentations to large groups. Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.





We offer:

 Great Medical, Vision and Dental Benefits. Health Savings Account. Flexible Spending Accounts. Life and disability insurance. Fantastic 401K with matching contribution. Sick, Vacation, and Holidays. Gym membership contribution. Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – mental health support. Online commuter benefits. Internal Referral Program. Fun team and company events. Start-up culture, within an established business with 13 years of experience.





    Mulligan Funding is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and takes great pride in building a diverse work environment. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status.
   



Who We Are: Born and bred in New York City, LeagueApps is the operating system and community for youth and local sports leaders—providing them with the technology and professional network they need to succeed. A fast-growing, venture-backed company, we power thousands of clubs, tournaments, leagues, camps, and facilities with a platform that reaches more than 10 million participants nationwide.We're committed to our mission—creating amazing sports experiences for all. Through our FundPlay program, we donate a percentage of every dollar spent on our platform back to the communities and families that need it. Our goal is to impact 500,000 underserved athletes by 2022. Beyond FundPlay, we advocate for accessibility and equity through PLAYS, a movement we helped launch and lead to mobilize the industry in spring 2020, and by creating awareness around the systemic issues that keep kids on the bench. (You can listen to our President discussing this during a recent event with Axios as part of their Hard Truths Deep Dives content series.)Role Mission: The LeagueApps team is seeking an experienced Front End Engineer to help us launch a new suite of web applications for Registration. The Registration Team owns the end-to-end experience of creating and setting up programs for an Organization, for parents, players and coaches to register.What You'll Do: 

Work with Product Management and other stakeholders (Backend, UX, etc.) to iterate on new features.
Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment. Maintain and advocate for these standards through code review.
Consistently ship small features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other team members. Collaborate with the team on larger projects.
Help improve the overall experience of our product through improving the quality of the front-end features, both in your domain and features that benefit other groups.
Fix prioritized issues and provide troubleshooting and escalated technical support to production features that involve UI / front-end.
Develop test cases for cross-browser testing and assist in the QA Engineering process.

Who You Are: 

An experienced Engineer with React or other modern JavaScript web framework (Angular, Ember, etc)
Experience with writing automated tests (eg. Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Mocha, AVA, tape)
A solid understanding of semantic HTML, CSS, and core JavaScript concepts
A clear communicator with capacity to concisely communicate complex technical, architectural, and/or organizational problems and propose thorough iterative solutions
A problem solver with a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent performance and optimization issues

Compensation & Benefits: 

Equity Grants: Every employee is an owner in our Company
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision coverage, HSA
Commuter Benefits
Home-Office Stipend
Sports Leagues subsidies for employees and their children
Cell phone and gym subsidies (including Class Pass, Citi Bike, and New York Sports Club)
Mental Health Resources; Talk Space and Calm
Social impact opportunities through our FundPlay initiative that includes events, volunteering and grant-making

LeagueApps is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We are committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable organization, and to helping youth sports organizers across the country do the same.The duties listed are not exclusive and other duties may be assigned as needed or desired by the employer to meet business needs. The employer reserves the right to change, add to or eliminate positions as it deems appropriate. Your employment will be at-will, meaning you or LeagueApps Inc. may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, for any reason.#LI-Remote
Job Type: Full-time

Healthcare Training Leader, a fast-paced online medical training company headquartered in sunny Naples Florida, is looking for an experienced Backend WordPress Developer to build, manage, and enhance our eCommerce website.
You need to have experience with both frontend and backend coding languages for WooCommerce, WordPress, WooCommerce Plugins and content management systems such as LearnDash. It is critical that you can write custom code to solve for business problems when standard plugins will not achieve business objectives. You will be responsible for enhancing our website and making sure our website code is strong, stable, and secure.
*This position is for a full time employee based in the US and can be remote, hybrid or in-office depending on candidate preference and location. If you are a vendor, located outside of the US or looking for contract work, please do not apply.
Required Skills/Experience You’ll Need for Success: 

Strong knowledge developing and maintaining PHP code in WordPress & WooCommerce, and WooCommerce PlugIns.
Implement new requirements & plugins to enhance the site experience and conversion
Review, analyze, modify, create clean source code on the front and backend
Interface with third party APIs such as Google Analytics 4 and Microsoft Dynamics
Familiarity with optimization techniques for site speed and search
Testing and fixing bugs or other coding issues
Ability to work effectively with little supervision and strong attention to detail
Requires the ability to work on multiple projects at the same time
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to collaborate with other marketing members like email marketing & digital marketing
BONUS: Experience with WooMemberships, WooSubscriptions, WooTeams, bbPress & LearnDash, UX design skills would be a plus in this role

Benefits: 

Flexible, Paid Vacation & Holidays
Health Insurance
Education Reimbursement
Balance of Lifestyle
Monday-Friday 8-hour shift

Healthcare Training Leader Values: 
Healthcare Training Leader is a small, customer-centric and entrepreneurial minded team producing the most current, relevant and actionable content focused on solutions for small practices within the healthcare industry.
The culture at Healthcare Training Leader is built on our shared core values – People First, Own It, Tenacious Optimism, and Results. It is important that we all hold each other accountable to these values with every decision we make. These values should demonstrate who we are, not who we hope to be. They are defined as follows:
· PEOPLE FIRST: Every decision we make should have some level of positive impact on our customers and/or team. We work hard, and strive for balance between our lives in and out of the company.
· OWN IT:  When things are good we celebrate. When mistakes are made we stand up and are accountable for them, we work together to ferret out the issue and tackle it head on. We never hide from the truth.
· TENACIOUS OPTIMISM:  We do the best we can every time, and when that isn’t enough, we work harder & never give up on a project or mission if we believe in it. However, this doesn’t mean we wear blinders
· RESULTS:  The outcomes we achieve allow us to grow, identify opportunities, help our customers and ensure a strong, supportive where we want to be.
We hire, fire, review, reward, and recognize our teammates based on these characteristics, so it’s essential that you share these values in order to be part of our team. We work hard to live and breathe these values, so if you don’t embody them, it will seriously stand out. Better to know now.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

COVID-19 considerations:Common surfaces sanitized regularly, masks available, & air purifier in conference room.
Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Firmware Engineering Team Lead in a fully remote environment to join a cutting-edge Technology and AI oriented company as a permanent/internal employee. The Firmware Engineer will support existing government contracts and develop new products related to Bluetooth technology.

 Responsibilities of the Firmware Engineer include:

 Utilize Bluetooth devices to study mobile transfer data related to firmware projects
 Implement low-level algorithms that translate to custom chip data 
 Closely interface with Director of Hardware Engineering to fulfill product roadmaps related to existing government contracts
 Develop custom chip and translate data from analog to digital
 Analyze and improve power consumption utilizing Bluetooth devices that send data to mobile devices

 ﻿
 Qualifications for the Firmware Engineer include:

 5+ years of experience with product development and hardware/software integrations 
 BA/MS in Engineering, Computer Science, or related field
 Demonstrate expertise utilizing C/C++
 Demonstrate experience with Bluetooth networking, Bash or Python, and Embedded technology
 Must be willing to travel in post-COVID environment


 Compensation for the Firmware Engineer includes:

 Salary Range: $130,000 - $140,000 + equity *depending on experience*
 Benefits: 75% Medical Coverage, 100% Dental & Vision, Unlimited PTO, Paid Holidays, and Equity


 Keywords: firmware engineer, firmware engineering, team lead, lead, manager, mgr, management, software, mobile software, mobile, internal, remote, hybrid, remotely, work from home, wfh, Bluetooth, Bluetooth technology, bash, python, c, c++, embedded tech, embedded technology, engineering, support, product, products, defense, intelligence, interface, interfacing, interfaced, algorithm, algorithms, android device, android devices, android, android software, ios device, ios, ios software, boston, ma, massachusetts

As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits
Embedded Software/Firmware Engineer Liberating Technologies, Inc., Holliston, MA
Liberating Technologies, Inc. (LTI) has an immediate opening for a position that requires an individual with an embedded systems background to perform duties in the field of medical device product design and development. Liberating Technologies, Inc. is a designer and developer of prosthetic devices for adults and children that was acquired by Coapt LLC in 2021, an industry leader in pattern recognition for prosthetics. The companies specialize in high-technology solutions to prosthetic and orthotic systems with a focus toward powered upper-limb prosthetics. LTI has been in business since 2000 and has grown a government funded research program since 2008, which will provide a majority of the support for this position.
Examples of projects include developing multi-node wireless sensor systems, developing technologies to remove perspiration and heat from a prosthetic socket, optimizing prosthetic foot selection for an individual based on their balance capabilities, developing a system to assess prosthetic socket fit, creating innovative hand/wrist controllers based on EMG inputs, developing an interface with commercial gaming systems to create a motivational prosthetic training tool, etc.
Responsibilities: 

Design, development, and testing of embedded firmware across multiple processors for various projects.
Write and document code, primarily C, for functional prototypes to support advanced R&D.
System integration of various analog and digital sensors/controllers/actuators to prototype various devices and conduct product evaluation trials.
Develop embedded devices such as data loggers to obtain research data in addition to executing control algorithm implementation and actuator control systems.
Rapid prototyping of concepts for feasibility studies including hands-on building and testing of experimental systems.
Create and manage software requirements and documentation including defect tracking, testing, and code reviews.
Regular reporting of project status to project manager.
Support different aspects of a small company’s day-to-day requirements as needed.

Requirements: 

Bachelor’s degree with concentrations in CE, EE, or CS and 3+ years related programming experience
Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Sponsoring for work visa (H1B, OPT, etc.) is not available at this time. 
Proficient in C/C++ in an embedded environment (Nordic nRF, ARM Cortex-M, MSP430, etc.)
Direct experience with: Real-time operating systems (FreeRTOS, etc.) and bare-metal systems; Designing Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) and developing custom device profiles; Power management and deployment on portable, battery-powered systems; Real-time sensor acquisition and processing (analog and digital); Serial communication protocols (I2C, SPI, UART, USB, CAN, etc.); Testing and writing firmware for untested PCBs; Data logging and working with embedded file systems; Version control (GIT, etc.)
Familiarity with: Brushless DC motors, linear actuators, and motor controllers; Electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, digital logic analyzers, etc.); Scripting languages (Python, etc.)
Ability to read and interpret schematics and component data sheets
Strong troubleshooting and debugging skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to multi-task and work on multiple projects simultaneously
Personable, self-motivated, and self-directed and highly organized
Position is a hybrid position that will require some weekly effort on-site and some may be done remotely.

Other Desired Skills: 

Experience with: Segger Embedded Studio, TI Code Composer Studio or similar; Nordic nRF SDK; Acquiring and processing physiological data; Inertial measurement units (accelerometers, gyroscopes, magnetometers)
Familiarity with: Arduino development; Developing embedded voice recognition; Machine Learning (Tensor Flow, etc.); Unity development; TI SimpleLink™ platform; Scripting in MATLAB; Data acquisition and control with LabVIEW
Mobile Application Development (Android, iOS) and UI development experience a plus
Embedded electronics hardware design (schematic capture, PCB layout)
Medical device experience including human subject data logging privacy (including HIPAA confidentiality)
Experience with medical and electronic device qualification and certification (IEC 60601, etc.)
Prior work in a rehabilitation engineering field

Applicants should be prepared to quickly supply letters of reference upon request.
Liberating Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $78,964.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Liberating Technologies, Inc. follows all CDC Covid guidelines
Ability to commute/relocate:

Holliston, MA 01746: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Related programming requirements: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

Amdocs has unlimited time off!! We are not sponsoring at this time, no C2C.Who are we?
If you’re a smartphone user then you are part of an ever more connected and digital world. At Amdocs, we are leading the digital revolution into the future. From virtualized telecommunications networks, Big Data and Internet of Things to mobile financial services, billing and operational support systems, we are continually evolving our business to help you become more connected. We make sure that when you watch a video on YouTube, message friends on Snapchat or send your images on Instagram, you get great service anytime, anywhere, and on any device. We are at the heart of the telecommunications industry working with giants such as AT&T, Vodafone, Telstra and Telefonica, helping them create an amazing new world for you where technology is being used in amazing new ways every single day.In one sentenceResponsible for the design, development, modification, debugging and/or maintenance of software systems. Works on specific modules, applications or technologies, and deals with sophisticated assignments during the software development process. Must have Full stack cloud, Java, and Microservices experience!
What will your job look like?

Be accountable for and own specific modules within an application and provide technical support and guidance during solution design for new requirements, problem resolution for critical / complex issues while ensuring code is maintainable, scalable and supportable.
Present demos of the software products to partners and internal/external customers, using technical knowledge to influence the direction and evolution of the product/solution.
Investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code and providing fixes (analyzes and fixes bugs) and workarounds, will review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions, will highlight risks and will help mitigate risks from technical aspects.
Bring continuous improvements/efficiencies to the software or business processes by utilizing software engineering tools and various innovative techniques, and reusing existing solutions. By means of automation, reduces design complexity, reduces time to response, and simplifies the client/end-user experience.
Represent/lead discussions related to product/application/modules/team (for example, leads technical design reviews). Establishes relationships with internal customers/partners

All you need is...

Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computing or equivalent and 7-8 years' experience as a software engineer or a software support engineer.
Awareness of programming concepts and ability to write software code in at least one programming language.

Why you will love this job: 

The chance to serve as a specialist in software and technology.
You will take an active role in technical mentoring within the team.
We provide stellar benefits from health to dental to paid time off and parental leave!

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $127,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require Amdocs to sponsor you?
What are your salary expectations for a new opportunity?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Full stack Cloud: 3 years (Preferred)
Java: 3 years (Preferred)
Microservices: 3 years (Preferred)
Software Engineer: 7 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



4+ years of professional software development experience
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one software programming language
 2+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
 2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 4+ years of professional software development experience
 BS or MS Degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience in mission critical services, in depth understanding of operational excellence.
 Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services


 Job summary Are you ready to make a BIG difference? Join the AWS Managed Services (AMS)! Our vision is to increase enterprise adoption of AWS by providing an AWS infrastructure operations management service. AMS provides automated outcomes for critical infrastructure operations across provisioning, monitoring, auto remediation, patch, backup, compliance, security and recovery. You will be at the forefront of cloud technologies with interactions across the full breadth of AWS services. You will build intelligent software that automates infrastructure operations and provides recommendations to AWS users who are hungry for deep insights into cost optimization, performance, security, and fault tolerance. You will become an AWS expert who works with a variety of teams to understand how all the AWS services come together. You will be surrounded by people that are smart and passionate about cloud computing and solving customer problems. We are looking for someone interested in working with a team solving hard challenges for enterprise customers, and making all of AWS better in the process. We have opportunities for cross team initiatives, and cross org initiatives. The ideal candidate will be located in the Pacific Time Zone. 
 


Familiarity with AWS services is a plus
 Familiarity with Linux development environment
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs
 Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to probe requirements, articulate software product features, and estimate execution timelines
 Can deal well with ambiguous, undefined problems; ability to think abstractly and turn abstractions into results

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Summary of Position:

VisitPay, an R1 Company, is looking for a Software Development Manager. The Software Development Manager will use their technical, project, and people leadership skills to drive the VisitPay engineering team and objectives to success. Through sharp attention to detail, collaborating with others, and their own solid software development experience, the Manager of Software Development will work with teams across VisitPay to build multi-tenant SaaS applications that scale to large numbers of users. The ideal candidate for this position delivers technical excellence by ensuring the highest level of quality, training, and development using industry leading methods, processes and/or tools. Most importantly, the Software Development Manager is passionate about assembling and managing a high caliber software development team, understanding what motivates developers, and has an ability to speak their language. Additionally, we are looking for an experienced project manager to help refine our project management workflow and deliver complex large-scale projects. While experience leading a team is helpful, the right candidate with the skills, drive, and passion to expand their skillset and help others succeed could be a great fit.
Key Activities:

Manage a team of 6-10 software developers (local and remote)
Set and manage goals with team members that align to company objectives
Set personal development goals with developers to help them succeed in their career objectives
Take assignment for 1-3 large technology projects that will span multiple functions and follow project management best practices for definition, implementation, cross functional concerns
Work within the scrum agile process with product to drive your projects to completion.
Assist in building multi-year technology roadmaps, defining quarterly initiatives and Epics, and then working with product and the agile teams to deliver results.
Update stakeholders on project progress.
Continuously learn new technologies and best practices and train the team
Ensure that the team has the tools they need to be efficient
Work with cutting edge Azure cloud systems and services
Work in a secure environment dealing with HIPAA and PCI data


Competencies for success:

Experience with various technologies, frameworks and processes, such as data modeling, data flow mapping, requirements gathering, testing and data validation techniques
Familiarity with DevOps related to implementation a plus
Extra credit for experience with Azure cloud services
Prefer a collaborative environment and is comfortable working with others and giving and receiving feedback
(Bonus) C#, Python, PowerShell, .NET, Visual Studio, RabbitMQ


Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in C.S. or similar field.
PMP certified.
2-3 years working in a cloud environment like Azure, AWS, or Google.
1-2 years managing a software development team.
Strong background in software development.
Worked in a regulated or audited environment (PCI, HIPAA, SOX…)


Location:
This position can be based in Boise, ID or remote in the United States.


Why VisitPay?

VisitPay is an R1 company that works closely with some of the nation’s largest and most well-respected health systems to provide innovative and compelling SaaS-based products. We are poised to capture significant share in the massive and growing self-pay market. Our solutions help healthcare systems optimize their revenue while providing patients with a much improved and friendly billing experience.

With R1, VisitPay offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits package, inclusive culture and commitment to a work-life balance with a team that strives to deliver outstanding results.
Equal Employment Opportunity Employer

R1 RCM Inc. (“the Company”) is dedicated to the fundamentals of equal employment opportunity. The Company’s employment practices , including those regarding recruitment, hiring, assignment, promotion, compensation, benefits, training, discipline, and termination shall not be based on any person’s age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Furthermore, the Company is dedicated to providing a workplace free from harassment based on any of the foregoing protected categories.

If you have a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at 312-496-7709 for assistance.

To learn more, visit: R1RCM.com

  Company Description
   Open to Remote
 About Us With over 20 years of experience and 700+ associates across 7 different countries, CJ Affiliate (formerly Commission Junction) is the most trusted and established name in performance marketing.
 We specialize in cultivating partnerships between top brands and trusted publishers to help them drive revenue and grow their businesses. CJ’s industry-leading solutions and services are what makes our innovative marketing technology (“martech”) the platform of choice for over 3,800 global brands across all industries including retail, travel, finance, technology, and home services. As part of Publicis Groupe, our data capabilities, future-focused tech, and strategic expertise power meaningful connections so brands can reach consumers wherever they are.
 We take just as much pride in our innovative technology and comprehensive data as we do in the expertise and dedication of our people. Our collaborative teams are equipped with advanced tools, training, and career development opportunities in order to provide our clients with cutting edge solutions, strategies, and support that drive meaningful results. Our people are at the heart of it all—people who dare to think big.
 So, what is Affiliate Marketing? Think about the last time you bought something online. Maybe your favorite influencer shared a product that caught your eye. Perhaps you already knew what you wanted to buy, but there were so many options that you needed help from a trusted review site. Or maybe you simply love combing coupon sites for hot deals. However you finally made your purchase, chances are you interacted with affiliate publishers along the way—whether they influenced you, provided helpful information, or made sure you got the best price. CJ provides the performance marketing platform that connects brands with these publishers to create valuable resources frequently used by shoppers such as yourself.
 Here's why you’ll love working here In addition to competitive salaries, 401K matching, wellness reimbursement programs, life insurance, comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage, we also offer:

 Flexible time off, no accrual necessary
 Paid holidays
 Company-sponsored team building events
 Business Resource Groups
 Annual recognition awards
 Flexible work arrangements
 Parental bonding leave
 Back-up child/elder care
 Employee discount program
 International SOS program
 Employee referral program

 Just to name a few of our perks.



  Job Description
   As a Software Engineer 3 at CJ, you’ll have the benefit of working in a supportive, highly collaborative and entrepreneurial environment. A culture of passion and respect and technical excellence and the ownership and accountability of working on a fully self-contained, cross-functional engineering team gives you the ability to grow, make an impact, and get things done. It’s innovation, done sustainably and intelligently, at scale.
 Some of our application domains:

 Real-time high-volume click streaming, attribution, and analytics
 Multi-currency financial clearinghouse
 Partnership recommendation engine
 GraphQL APIs
 Advertising media delivery
 Data lake to support ad hoc data science and reporting

 Some technologies we use:

 AWS
 ReactJS
 Java, Scala, Kotlin
 Serverless
 SQL & NoSQL
 Kafka, Hadoop, Kinesis

 Some practices we employ:

 Agile software development
 Infrastructure-as-code
 Pair programming
 Test Driven Development
 Continuous Delivery




  Qualifications
   We are looking for an accomplished software engineer with 3+ years in software design and implementation, with a bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. In addition, we are looking for experience with and/or interest in some of:

 Agile software development
 Automated build and continuous delivery
 Front end development using React
 SQL databases
 NoSQL databases
 Pair Programming
 Test-driven Development
 Object Oriented Programming
 Functional Programming
 Scala

 Additional Information
   Why CJ Affiliate?
 CJ Affiliate is the leader in Affiliate Marketing. We take pride in our innovative technology, comprehensive data solutions and our people. We equip our teams with advanced tools, training and career development opportunities all to provide cutting edge solutions, strategies and support to deliver high quality results for our clients. We work in an energetic, results-oriented, collaborative, team environment that recognizes exceptional performance. As we evolve and grow as a business, so do you.
 We're a community of creative and passionate problem solvers who go the distance to tackle the tough questions, think outside the box, and drive intelligent growth, for our clients—and ourselves. We foster and embody an inclusive and collaborative culture where diverse perspectives are sought, relationships are valued, and people feel accepted with a sense of belonging in expressing themselves authentically. We pride ourselves in having a workplace environment that values both work and play. Business Resource Groups, Fun team outings, office events, and flexible time off mean a work life balance with colleagues that turn into lifelong friends.
 Conditions of Employment
 All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting.
 Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
 We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.



About Anuvu 
For over a decade, our clients in aviation and maritime have used our technology-driven products and services to keep their passengers entertained and connected to the things they love, from anywhere in the world. Brands such as Southwest Airlines, Norwegian Cruise Lines, Emirates and Celebrity Cruises have trusted us to provide solutions from high-speed broadband internet to movies, television and games.
Our team of global experts take pride in providing clients what they need today while creating a strategic road map for tomorrow through reliable, scalable, and affordable content and connectivity solutions designed to meet the ever-changing technology needs of our clients' passengers and guests.
Be Part of the Movement 
Anuvu is embarking on a new chapter with a new story to tell. As one of the leading providers of high-speed connectivity and entertainment solutions for worldwide mobility markets, we deliver what customers need today, while remaining flexible and future-focused.
Role summary
Under the supervision of the game manager, Designer defines and creates in-game levels, game concepts, mechanics, storylines and user interfaces for video games used on in-flight entertainment (IFE) systems. Game Designer will also be called upon to interact with other departments (Development, Operations) during various phases of the product life cycle. 
Location: Anywhere in Canada or the United States
Remote Options: Option to be remote 
What You’ll Be Doing 

Design game mechanics & rules   
Define game and interface commands 
Analyze game concepts to adapt them to various IFE platform restrictions 
Designing and drafting standards that may apply to all IFE consoles 
Actively participate in team brainstorming sessions for each title  
Design levels and processes; calibrate the gameplay  
Test in-house games in production, as well as similar titles available on the market for research purposes  
Create and maintain all required documentation 
Provide design support to various departments to ensure design standards are respected 

What We’re Looking For 

Diploma, or appropriate training in videogame design, film or another pertinent field 
Minimum of 2 years of experience in mobile videogame design for Android and/or HTML5 
Ability to work with specific time constraints and technical limitations 
Solid knowledge of Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio) and Photoshop 
Solid knowledge of Atlassian products (Jira, confluence)
Knowledge in Unity will be an asset
Ability to communicate and present clearly 
English required
Game development 
Game Testing 
Detail orientation 

This Might Be the Right Place if You…. 

Are a team fit; can help advance our global, inclusive culture
Are self-starter who likes to roll up your sleeves and take initiative with minimal direction
Can think about tomorrow, while getting your work done today
Are a collaborative team player; primary audience will be internal teams
Are curious and open to learning and finding new solutions
Are able to provide and accept feedback in a constructive manner
Are organized, have strong communication skills, and do whatever it takes to get things done

The Benefits of Working Here 
A career with Anuvu is a unique opportunity to grow your knowledge and skills within a casual culture that thrives on collaboration and innovation. In addition to providing an outstanding work environment, we offer we offer competitive benefits including medical, disability and life insurance, a generous paid vacation and holidat policy, flexible hours, an employee assistance program, and more!
Advanced | Agile | Applied 
Anuvu is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or disability.
Due to COVID, our interviews are now done in a safe environment using online platforms like Zoom and Microsoft Teams.
Let Innovation Move You. 
Job Type: Full-time
Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
 At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon.
 We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
 Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
 We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
 Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.



  Job Description
   WDC HDD/HMD SCI (Spacing Control and Integration) team is looking for curious, creative, and talented SW engineer to join our team. You will be developing new test code that automate component test platform and will focus on bridging system level (including low level FW) to component level test platform, but not limited. You will work with system level and component level FW/SW engineers to implement new test code and development. Your role is critical in ensuring delivery of new test code with the high level of quality and reliability.
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

 Develop new test code using C/C++
 Bridging system level test code to component level test platform
 Work directly with System Level and Component level FW/SW engineers
 Working closely with the test team to understand test procedure and support code integration on test platform




  Qualifications
   REQUIRED

 B.S or MS SW engineering or Computer Science
 >5 years of programming experience
 At least 5 years of experience in C/C++

 SKILLS

 Strong communication skills
 HDD (Hard Disk Drive) FW experience (advantage)
 FW experience (advantage)

 Additional Information
   Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster.
 Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.
 Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.

 Compensation & Benefits Details

 An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
 The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado or remote jobs that can be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future.
 You will also be eligible to participate in Western Digital's Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan and to receive equity awards under our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the terms of these programs. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
 Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.






    Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global market leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. We are on a mission to redefine how organizations connect with their audiences - and that’s just the beginning!
   


 Organizations, large and small, depend on us to accurately publicize market-moving news and multimedia, and generate social engagements that develop interactions with their target audiences.
   


 About The Team


     The Information Technology team is a diverse, multi-skilled group working in a collaborative, supportive and flexible environment where individual contributions have serious impact. We work on exciting projects, use modern technologies and offer many cross-disciplinary opportunities as well as space for continuing education and personal growth. We use the Scrum development methodology to ensure that team members work at a sustainable pace and have the support they need to do their jobs. We also know what it takes to balance busy family and work schedules so we try to be flexible in this area.
   


 About The Role


     Reporting to the Senior Manager of Systems Operations, the DevOps Engineer is responsible for implementing, testing and supporting Business Wire’s web sites, client portals, APIs and web services. As a member of the DevOps team, you will partner with other engineers, business analysts, UI designers, and project managers to help build and support applications for our web site, news processing, syndication, and metrics reporting systems.
   



What You'll Do

 Work with developers to improve workflows around software development Automate how software is built, tested, and deployed (Jenkins, AWS CodePipeline) Build scalable infrastructure using CDN and cloud service providers (AWS) Automate the provisioning of cloud resources (CloudFormation, Terraform) Build and maintain monitoring, alerting, and trending operational tools (CloudWatch, New Relic, Splunk, ELK) Support 24x7 on-call rotation, respond to alerts, troubleshoot and resolve problems





What You'll Need

 Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in a computer-related field 3+ years hands on experience with AWS including CloudFormation, Lambda, ECS, EC2, VPC, etc. Knowledge of one or more configuration management tools – Chef, Ansible, Puppet, and IAC, containerization, and orchestration (Terraform, Docker, and Kubernetes). Experience with systems administration(Linux), web servers, IP networking, DNS, SSL certificates, etc Experience with back-end data stores such as MySQL, DynamoDB, Redis, or ElasticSearch Experience with industry frameworks and methodologies: ITIL/Agile/Scrume/DevOps/SRE Pluses Experience with Kubernetes or Docker Swarm Github repository At this time, Business Wire will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.





    Business Wire is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Business Wire will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
   



About NabisNabis is the #1 Licensed Cannabis B2B Platform in the world with the largest portfolio of cannabis brands, supplying over 100 brands to 99% of California's dispensaries and delivery services. Our mission is to empower the world to discover cannabis by providing choice, access, and innovation.Our team, backed by Y-Combinator and from a celebrity roster of tech executives, including Doordash cofounder Stanley Tang, Gmail creator Paul Buchheit and Twitch cofounder Justin Kan, is scaling the cannabis supply chain with technology with the ultimate goal of becoming the largest distributor of cannabis products in the world.
The RoleThe Software Engineer is a key role in helping Nabis scale during this exciting period of growth. We are currently seeking experienced and talented Senior Software Engineers to join our exceptional team. This is an entirely remote role, and this person will work on building a variety of products that help lead critical, scalable and secure systems that will meet the needs of Nabis' growing customer base.
Responsibilities: 

Full-stack development with a variety of languages (JavaScript, TypeScript, SQL)
Design and implement scalable core back-end software components that handles exponentially increasing volumes of orders
Build intuitive user interfaces, streamlined workflows, and insightful analytics to drive operational profitability
Improve the logistics optimization algorithms, CI/CD deployment pipeline, user experience, and infrastructural scalability
Benchmark product performance via full set of end-to-end verification and validation test cases
Work closely with product and design in product requirements, roadmap planning, and customer engagement
Familiarity with our current stack: https://stackshare.io/nabis/nabis

Desired Qualifications and Skills: 

B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or related engineering field, or relevant work experience
3+ years' experience in developing and debugging in React, Node JS, and GraphQL
Familiarity with PostgreSQL and AWS

WHY YOU'LL LOVE WORKING AT NABIS!

You'll work at the fastest growing cannabis startup in the U.S.
Unlimited PTO and flexible work-from-home policy
Medical/Dental/Vision: 75% of employee premium paid by Nabis
Competitive salary, 401(k) plan, and equity compensation structure
Cannabis industry discounts at retail shops across California

Nabis is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Nabis is seeking to create a diverse work environment because all teams are stronger with different perspectives and life experiences. We strongly encourage women, people of color, LGBTQIA individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, older members of society, and others from minority groups and diverse backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All employees and contractors of Nabis are responsible for maintaining a work culture free from discrimination and harassment by treating others with kindness and respect.
Job Type: Full-time

About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Senior Software Engineer - Backend to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics, headquartered in Los Angeles. You will be working with a multi-faceted and vibrant Backend Infrastructure Engineering team in developing and improving core infrastructure components and services that power our robust and scalable SaaS platform.The Responsibilities

Lead the design, architecture and development of scalable and highly available systems and services.
Solve complex infrastructure related problems with code, developing and providing post-release support for scalable services and tools that are used by various Engineering teams.
Drive product architecture design and articulate architecture solution options to the product owners and architecture leadership.
Conduct post-mortems to analyze and prevent repeat failures.
Drive and own improvements in end-to-end infrastructure and systems.
Evaluate and recommend tools, technologies and processes that solve concrete business problems.
Handle seamless upgrades of infrastructure and services through automation.
Be a domain expert who follows industry trends and applies best practices and contributes towards continuous improvement of those practices.

The Requirements

BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
5+ years of programming experience
1+ years experience with PHP (Strongly preferred)
2+ years experience with MySQL or similar technology
Strong understanding of database schema design, caching and scalability
Strong understanding of various communication protocols (TCP, RPC, etc)
Strong understanding of Distributed Systems
Experience with Full-stack observability tools like New Relic is strongly preferred
Good understanding of Linux operating system and experience administering Linux systems in a production environment is preferred
Experience with modern CI/CD and containerization tools like Docker is a plus
Experience in Caching technologies is a plus (e.g. Redis or memcached)
Ability to perform time and memory complexity analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

waEohkrk3Z
Job Type: Full-time

We are looking for a .Net developer to build software using languages and technologies of the .NET framework. You will create applications from scratch, configure existing systems and provide user support. In this role, you should be able to write functional code with a sharp eye for spotting defects. You should be a team player and excellent communicator. If you are passionate about the .NET framework and software design/architecture, we’d like to meet you. Your goal will be to work with internal teams to design, develop and maintain software.
Responsibilities

Participate in requirements analysis
Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages
Test and deploy applications and systems
Revise, update, refactor and debug code
Improve existing software
Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support

Skills

Proven experience as a .NET Developer or Application Developer
Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, SQL Server and design/architectural patterns (e.g. Model-View-Controller (MVC))
Knowledge of at least one of the .NET languages (e.g. C#, Visual Basic .NET) and HTML5/CSS3
Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC)
Understanding of Agile methodologies
Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills
Attention to detail
Extensive work in Oracle and SQL
Proven Work history in an agile environment.
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What is your work authorization?
Can you work on our payroll?

Work Location: Remote

About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated Senior Software Engineer (Front-end) to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics for a fully remote work setup. You'll be working closely with our product and design teams to support new and ongoing front-end development of our web-based applications, contribute technical expertise in our product decisions, and deliver successful implementation of product ideas using best front-end development practices for our Core Platform as well as other products.We are seeking a candidate with a passion for developing efficient, user-friendly and intuitive solutions to UI/UX design problems by staying up to date with best practices and emerging trends.This is a remote position.The Responsibilities

Design, develop and build Platform products and features using AngularJS with complete and seamless integration to the backend technologies and services
Partner closely with UI/UX designers and Product Managers to shape requirements, translate complex workflows into well-rounded features and delightful user experiences
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs prior to development
Optimize existing features for user experience and improved efficiency
Write clean, well-tested, reusable and quality code, adhering to best practices (and contribute towards continuous improvement of those practices)
Architect and develop efficient and reusable front-end abstractions and systems that drive complex web applications
Learn and contribute to new and existing technologies that make up our stack
Participate in code reviews and provide technical guidance and mentorship to other team members

The Requirements

6+ years programming experience
3+ years writing single-page apps using a modern Javascript framework like React, Vue or Angular (AngularJS preferred)
Experience interacting with RESTful HTTP APIs
Solid understanding and experience with UI layouts, CSS/SASS, and libraries such as Bootstrap
Significant experience of debugging using browser-based tools like Chrome Developer Console
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

vQF0aQlJvu
Job Type: Full-time

Position: Full Stack Python Developer,Location: 100% remote,Duration: Long term Contract.
Full-time Python Developer (6+ years minimum)
We are looking for a well-rounded developer with 5+ years of information technology experience. Candidates should have a passion for software development and an excitement for learning new technologies.
Job QualificationsThe application is written using Python as well as some parts with Pandas and Spark (as the big data part is running on Azure Cloud with Spark and Databricks). It uses Oracle as the Primary back-end but also uses SQL Server. The entire application is developed and deployed in a Microsoft Windows environment.
Qualifications, Experience, Education: 

BS in Computer Science, Math, Computer Engineering or related major
6+ years of industry experience in coding and building software
Hands-on Python programming with full software life-cycle experience
Pandas and/or Spark
Proficient in Data structures and Algorithms and Object-Oriented Programming experience
SQL and Relational database experience (e.g. Oracle or SQL Server)
Understanding of n-tier Application / SOA and Design Patterns
Strong Software Development and Architecture skills
Experience working in a collaborative team environment
Agile/Scrum methodology experience
Any quantitative programming knowledge is a plus

Responsibilities: 

Participate in full development life cycle including requirements analysis and design
Design, develop, document, test, and debug new and existing software systems
Consult with end user to prototype, refine, test, and develop programs to meet needs
Participate in software design meetings and analyze user needs to determine technical requirements
Support, maintain, and document software functionality
Analyze code to find causes of errors and revise programs as needed

Must Haves: 
* Pandas and Spark*Azure Cloud with Spark and Databricks*Oracle*SQL Server*Microsoft windows*credit card companies AND Retailer Company Experience.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $68.00 - $73.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

IT: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Description: 
   Are you ready to join a dynamic team that is breaking down barriers?

 Our mission at York Solutions is to positively impact the lives of everyone that crosses our path.
 With over 25 years of experience, we are a veteran-owned IT consulting firm that uses a non-transactional, value-based approach to provide clients with custom workforce solutions to achieve business, technology, and operational goals. Using a strategic partnership approach with our clients, York Solutions focuses on fostering a long-term, trust-based relationship.
 Due to exploding demand we are looking for Full Stack Software Developer Technical Trainer to join our Barriers to Entry program (B2E). The Barriers to Entry Technical Training Program is a key product offered by York Solutions. The program is committed to provide a career path into technology for our candidates. In addition to being part of this fantastic organization, you will have the opportunity to change lives in a very tangible way. We are looking for a Full Stack Software Developer Trainer with 2-5 years relevant experience who also has a passion for developing skills in others. . Requirements: 
   Position Responsibilities:

 Provide direct technical guidance and leadership to current apprentice and placed B2E graduates to help them succeed as new software developers with our clients
 Quickly acquire new technology skills to a level sufficient to teach others
 Lead online learning sessions in targeted technologies and development tools as needed
 Partner with the lead engineer to execute, build and customize technical training curriculum according to organizational requirements
 Provide effective mentoring to associates as they learn technologies and development skills
 Stay in tune with current technology trends
 Observe and evaluate results of training programs
 Partner with B2E leadership to determine overall effectiveness of programs and make improvements

 York is Looking for:

 Skilled in coaching and mentoring entry level developers
 Outstanding communication skills and comfortable speaking to large groups
 Excellent organizational and time-management abilities
 Full Stack developer skill set with current software development experience
 2- 5 years of professional software development experience
 Desire to improve the lives of others and support new developer as they grow their skills
 Bachelor degree preferred

 Preferred Technical Skills and Experience :

 Java, specifically Spring Boot
 React / Node.js for frontend development
 REST, both as a client and a server
 Cloud Service environments, AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud
 NoSQL database
 Agile SCRUM Methodology


 York Offers:

 Competitive compensation including base salary and bonus
 Generous paid time-off and Holidays
 Medical, dental, vision, long-term disability and pet insurance
 Paid Maternity and Paternity Leave
 401(k) with discretionary company match
 Phone reimbursement
 Health & Wellness allowance
 Flexible work environment with remote working opportunity
 Strong fun and teamwork environment
 Learning, development, and career growth

 To learn more about our company, please visit: www.yorksolutions.net
 York Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.
 We welcome people of all abilities and want to ensure that our hiring and interview process meets the needs of all applicants. If you require reasonable accommodation to make your application or interview experience a great one, please just let us know.




We are looking for experienced Dynamics 365 Business Central / Dynamics NAV (Navision) Senior Software Developers. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available. Work Remotely or out of one of our east coast offices.
 Candidates should have extensive experience with implementation and customer support of Accounting, Distribution and Manufacturing software at U.S. based companies. They must be resourceful, knowledgeable, dedicated, energetic and professional. They should be able to deliver outstanding results, exceed expectations, meet deadlines, and ensure that our customers are extremely satisfied.
 We are a leading provider of turn-key business management software solutions and related services (www.abcsi.com). With very experienced, knowledgeable, dedicated, and professional consultants and software developers, and with a proven implementation methodology, we help our customers to increase productivity, efficiency, market share, customer satisfaction, sales, and profits.
 Details about our offerings can be found here: https://conta.cc/3j6bv8n. With offices in New York, New Jersey, and Florida, we provide implementation and customer support services to small and midsize companies in the United States. As a Microsoft Authorized Business Partner we implement state-of-the-art business software, and are committed to Quality, Service and Customer Satisfaction.
 Key Responsibilities

Participate in ERP Software implementation projects for new and current customers.
You will be in charge of customizing the software as per each customer’s requirements. Responsibilities include writing specifications, programming, testing, consulting, analysis, data conversion, processing upgrades and providing customer support.
Analyze and document business requirements, and conduct fit gap analysis studies.
Work in a dynamic, challenging, and fast paced environment.
Work well as part of the implementation team dedicated to delivering quality results on time and within budget, and exceed customers’ expectations.

Requirements

Strong presentation, communication, administration, and interpersonal skills.
Minimum of three years of Microsoft Dynamics Software Development Experience.
Strong understanding of ERP software and related terminology, functionality, best practices, processes, and business rules. Including areas such as Inventory & Warehouse Management, Costing, Financials, Manufacturing, Service, Purchasing, Sales, CRM, and Fixed Assets.
Must be dedicated, ethical, organized, professional, and a true team player.
Applicants must possess a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree.
Must be a United States citizen or permanent resident (green card holder).
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
Experience with SSRS, SQL Server, Office 365, SharePoint, EDI, Azure, and Power BI is a big plus.
Accounting background with a solid grasp of general accounting principles is required.
Candidate needs to be a self-starter and should be able to work independently for the majority of their tasks with little help/guidance from their manager.
Occasional travel may be required.




Very Competitive Salary and Bonuses. Health & Dental Insurance. 401K with Company Contributions. Pleasant and Professional Work Environment. Outstanding Growth Opportunities. Competitive Hourly Rates for Subcontractors. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. No Recruiters Please.
 All resumes must be in PDF format.



We're Building the Future! Ever want to do hard work that will make a real difference in the world? Do you want to solve some of the most difficult problems with a team of exceptional players at a company that does not believe in impossible?*Summary: *The Senior UI Software Engineer will be responsible for writing code, writing unit tests, and working collaboratively with Powin's Quality Assurance team. In this role you'll also partner with the UX team to drive and develop the implementation of Powin's next generation cloud-based user interface components. You will be part of the larger Powin software organization by shepherding UI epics and stories from backlog to production.Job Details: 

Work with designers to translate UX requirements into UI implementations
Collaborate with system software developers to ensure efficient API utilization
Create and maintain user interfaces for Powin's energy storage solution as well as for other internal tools
Lead and mentor junior UI developers regarding code structure, crafting robust UI, and responsive rendering
Make recommendations on UI roadmaps to ensure alignment with related software engineering architecture and development roadmaps
Interface with Product Management and end-users to gain intimate knowledge of use cases and subtle workflow optimizations.

Qualifications: 

Bachelor's degree in Graphic Design, Computer Science, Web Design, Web Development, and/or related field
7+ years' experience with HMTL, CSS, and JavaScript
2+ years of engineering experience building production applications with modern JavaScript front-end frameworks (including React) within an Agile engineering team and organization
Experience with front-end tools and a comprehensive understanding of UI testing techniques
Experience in mentorship and support for helping level up the skills of colleagues
1+ years' experience with Object Oriented Programming (Java preferred)
1+ years' experience with SQL and Relational Databases
1+ years' experience with Agile SDLC
Remote position, with expected regular travel to the Tualatin office

Nice to have: 

Experience with Spring MVC
Experience with cloud provider AWS
Experience with Python

About The Company: The next decade is critical for transforming the way we generate, transmit, distribute, and consume electricity. Powin is committed to leading the electricity sector's transition to sustainable energy, by developing and deploying energy storage solutions that are safe, reliable, and cost-effective.Powin combines expertise in power systems, hardware, and software to design and assemble best-in-class battery storage systems. Our vertical integration and supply chain management allow us to exercise granular control over every layer of our product, in order to maximize quality and cost-effectiveness. Together with our industry partners, we deploy our systems for large-scale application in markets across the globe, and maintain and monitor our systems in accordance with the highest standards for safety, reliability, and performance.
Job Type: Full-time
We are headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan but are hiring and working remotely.

As a Software Engineer focused on asset discovery, you will build and maintain world-class systems for discovering who owns what on the Internet. Censys maintains the largest, most accurate and most credible dataset of Internet assets and risks for security practitioners. We're looking for talented engineers to build and maintain systems that map that data onto real world organization so that those organizations can harden their Internet-facing infrastructure and minimize the risk of breaches.

What you will do:

Build and maintain systems that automate the discovery of Internet assets (websites, domain names, IP addresses, etc) as part of an agile development team
Evolve complex, continuously changing data models for both customer-facing and internal APIs
Work with persistent data stores, caches, 3rd party APIs and integrating them into systems that can evolve gracefully over time
Build software artifacts, automated tests, and CI infrastructure

What we're looking for:

Experience
2+ years industry experience
Experience designing and building high-impact, high-performance, secure, scalable, observable, and maintainable backend services
Working knowledge of at least one of: Golang, Python, Java, Scala
Experience working with data storage technologies such as RDBMSs and bucket storage
Experience designing and integrating HTTP REST or gRPC APIs and services
 Qualities
Comfortable with projects that have a large degree of uncertainty and risk
Desire to collaborate with and advise product management and leadership to balance long term maintainability of software against rapid development
Understands and practices the principles of continuous delivery to ensure quick, safe, and sustainable development in the face of changing priorities and uncertainty

What will make you stand out:

Working knowledge of computer networking, undergraduate networking course or equivalent knowledge
Experience working in a cloud environment or with containerized environment


We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Censys is an equal opportunity employer.
Imagine working at Intellibus to engineer platforms that impact billions of lives around the world. With your passion and focus we will accomplish great things together!
We are looking for a Senior Java Consultant to join our Platform Engineering Team. Our team is responsible for designing, developing, & maintaining Platforms that support the backbone of the Financial Trading Industry.
We are looking for Engineers who can

Write applications in Java using Object Oriented Design Principles
Create Java Spring Boot REST Services
Use Java Streams API to work with real time data
Create a Java Thread Executor Pool to read & write from a Thread-safe queue
Use Java Lambdas for use in Collections
Create Distributed Cloud Configuration with Spring Cloud
Create Circuit Breakers with Spring Cloud
Create a Database Integration via Hibernate or Spring Data
Optimise business logic & queries to enhance performance
Setup Kafka to support 10mm messages / hr throughput on 2KB payloads
Deploy a Kafka Multi-AZ Cluster on AWS
Build Services that are Highly Available (Multi-AZ & Multi-Region)
Build Algorithms to Optimise Execution times and reduce end to end latency
Use & Tweak Terraform Scripts to deploy Kubernetes Clusters with EKS
Navigate & debug on a Linux EC2 Instance

We work closely with

Java 8
REST-based Microservices
Hibernate ORM
Relational Databases
AWS
Kafka
Linux / Unix

Our Process

Schedule a 15 min Video Call with someone from our Team
4 Proctored GQ Tests (< 3 hours)
30-45 min Final Video Interview
Receive Job Offer

If you are interested in reaching out to us, please apply and our team will contact you by the end of the day.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $65.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

RESTfull API: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)
UNIX: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

MassVR is looking for a Game Programmer with working experience in Unreal Engine 4 to join our Development team in creating immersive VR gaming experiences. The Game Programmer will translate ideas into code, prototype features, and ensure successful implementation. Our current project is a new multiplayer IP for the Oculus Quest 2 and is expected to receive ports and DLC after the initial project timeline.
We are looking for someone who: 

Is passionate about video game development, virtual reality, and user experience
Is detail-oriented and resourceful; can address unique projects and problems
Can make informed decisions throughout the development process
Can self-manage and meet individual and team deadlines
Can contribute to the planning, design, and creation of games from conception to finalization
Is able to analyze and assess the needs of various audiences to inform the game-making process
Understands code and blueprint lifecycles of Unreal Engine 4

As a Game Programmer, you will: 

Prototype new game features
Debug and optimize gameplay systems
Coordinate with the game development team to create task lists and deliverable timelines
Take ownership of both new features and existing projects
Demonstrate and apply strong problem-solving skills
Play test regularly and help implement internal and external feedback to deliver the most balanced experience possible

Requirements: 

3+ years of experience in Unreal Engine 4 and C++
Self-motivated and organized; able to work independently
Able to balance multiple tasks and timelines

Preferred: 

Experience networking and optimizing/profiling multiplayer games

This is a remote-work position. This position is eligible for health and dental benefits, 401k, royalty-based bonuses, flexible work schedules, accrued and bonus PTO days, and additional office holidays.
Company Overview 
At MassVR, we pride ourselves on providing innovative and immersive virtual reality experiences. Our games take players to new and fascinating worlds where they can explore, compete, and engage with the action around them. Our mission is to continuously push the boundaries of what is possible and to redefine the landscapes of virtual reality and esports.
MassVR is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable local, state, and federal employment laws. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote



Hi, we're TechnologyAdvice.
 At TechnologyAdvice, we pride ourselves on helping B2B tech buyers manage the complexity and risk of the buying process. We are a trusted source of information for tech buyers, delivering advice and facilitating connections between our buyers and the world's leading sellers of business technology.
 Established in 2006 out of our founder's dorm room, we continue to expand our business. In 2021 we acquired TechRepublic, and in 2020, we acquired QuinStreet B2B, both leading resources for IT and business decision makers. These critical acquisitions included global teams of dynamic technology and media professionals to enhance our presences in the US, the UK, Singapore, and Australia. We now have more than 20 digital media brands and over 500 global team members, representing 12 languages.
 Listed on the Inc. 5000 list of America's Fastest-Growing Private Companies five times and a five-time recipient of the annual Tennessee Top Workplaces awards, we take both our growth and employee engagement seriously. We work hard each day, but we know how to have fun, too, with monthly virtual events, recreational slack channels, and the occasional costumed dance from our CEO.


 The Opportunity…
 As the Engineering Manager, you are a leader that is comfortable managing a team's activities, coaching direct reports, and collaborating with internal business customers as we develop and enhance the software that powers our business. TechnologyAdvice is a fast-paced company that is growing very quickly. There are enormous opportunities to create technology that will have a massive impact on the business. As a master of both technology and leading people, you will help define and execute on a path to success.
 We believe technology is a differentiator and we consistently strive to find the best technologies to make that a reality. We utilize Amazon Web Services, the latest DevOps tooling, top software patterns and frameworks, and whatever else we need to deliver incredible results to our business customers.
 Our team is using some of the latest and greatest tech. We have a cutting-edge kubernetes-driven microservice architecture with Laravel, Flask, and Vue as core parts of our stack. Our fast-growing group of software engineers, devops engineers, and data scientists work collaboratively to deliver testable, scalable, and impactful software to drive our company forward. You will lead a Scrum-based Agile team that strives to deliver business value quickly in this environment.

 
How You'll Contribute…

Foster a goal-oriented environment with high accountability to move the team forward quickly
Assist team members with evaluating project requirements, writing understandable code and documentation, and providing feedback on technical direction/architecture
Lead a team of software engineers with a range of experience levels
Lead from a position of knowledge and experience
Create and own processes in your areas of responsibility
Provide incredible "Hero" level support to your business customers
Manage multiple projects of various sizes simultaneously
Ensure your team is fully equipped to do their best work
Live our Core Values and encourage others to do the same while maintaining a healthy work/life balance



 What You Bring…

At least 1+ years of experience managing in a technical capacity
5+ years of experience in technology-focused capacity
Experience using Agile and/or Scrum methodologies to deliver projects
Experience with a variety of Engineering tooling from data storage and processing to web applications
Experience designing, building, and maintaining application features on the backend and frontend
Ability to build processes and set standards for best practices
Ability to quickly identify business problems and the changes need to fix them
Driven self-starter that is eager to learn and quick to contribute in all situations



 Bonus Points…

Experience with automated testing frameworks and approaches
Familiarity with Linux (Bash), Docker, AWS tools, Microservices Architecture Patterns, Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment are all a plus



 Key Technologies…

MySQL
PHP / Laravel and Python
Vue.js, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript



 Why You Want Us...
 This is a full-time salaried position starting at $120,000 USD per year. We also have perks and benefits such as:

Remote, hybrid, and in-office work options
Comprehensive health insurance (medical, dental, vision, life, and disability)
401(k) retirement plan with company match
Flexible paid time off, take time off when you need it!
Paid maternity and parental leave
Subscription reimbursement to the Headspace App
Fitness reimbursement
Live and remote fitness classes offered 5 days a week
Team outings and volunteer opportunities
Bucket List Benefit: We'll financially help you check something off your bucket list
Ongoing career development meetings, professional development opportunities, and incentives
Milestone celebrations for birthdays, weddings, work achievements, and more
In-office coffee, snacks, ping pong, beer on Fridays, and catered lunches 4 days/week

#LI-Remote

 Interviews will take place after resumes have been screened for minimum requirements. Please note that this position is not restricted solely to the responsibilities listed above and that the job scope and responsibilities are subject to change.

 We believe that our differences make us stronger and foster a diverse and inclusive culture where people feel safe being themselves. TechnologyAdvice is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law.

 Pre-employment screening required.






About Kraken



 As one of the largest and most trusted 
    digital asset platforms globally, we are empowering people to experience the life-changing potential of crypto. Trusted by over 8 million consumer and pro traders, institutions, and authorities worldwide - our unique combination of products, services, and global expertise is helping tip the scales towards mass crypto adoption. But we’re only just getting started. We want to be pioneers in crypto and add value to the everyday lives of billions. Now is not the time to sit on the sidelines. Join us to bring crypto to the world.
   


 About the Role



 This is a fully remote role, we will consider applicants based in North America, South America and EMEA.



 Our Engineering team is having a blast while delivering the most sophisticated crypto-trading platform out there. Help us continue to define and lead the industry.
   


 As part of Kraken's Core Backend team, you will work within a world-class team of engineers building Kraken's infrastructure using Rust. As a Senior Backend Security Engineer, you will bring your own technical expertise and help design new services and security features. You will carry projects from initial requirements, implementation, up to production.
   



Responsibilities

 Design and implementation of enterprise grade policy enforcement infrastructure, security instruments and procedures Design and implementation of microservices in Rust Writing secure, reusable, testable, and efficient code





Requirements

 At least 3 years of experience in software engineering Experience writing network services or asynchronous code in Rust Experience designing and implementing security frameworks, instruments or policy enforcement services Experience using a Linux server environment Ability to independently debug problems involving the network and operating system Proactive, self-driven mindset Be familiar with deployment using Docker Have experience with other strongly typed languages Have experience with distributed systems, SQL, Redis and Kafka Be passionate about secure, reliable and fast software Have open source contributions, including in Rust





    Location Tagging: #US #EU #LI-LM1
   


 We’re powered by people from around the world with their own unique and diverse experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives, regardless of their background.
   


 As an equal opportunity employer we don’t tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind. Whether that’s based on race, ethnicity, age, gender identity, citizenship, religion, sexual orientation, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state or local laws.
   


 Stay in the know



 Follow us on Twitter


 Catch up on our blog


 Follow us on LinkedIn





  Company Description
   Shopify’s mission is to make commerce better for everyone. From building a new product feature for our commerce platform, to helping a merchant troubleshoot an issue over the phone, we want to empower our ecosystem through our work.
 Having a unified vision, a north star, is vitally important to ensure that we are all headed in the same direction. No matter the size or experience, we want to power every merchant’s experience. This is why we're all here.
 Shopify is now permanently remote and we're working towards a future that is digital by default. That location you see above? Consider it merely an example of hundreds of potential locations across North America where Shopify is hiring. Learn more here: https://www.shopify.com/careers/work-anywhere



  Job Description
   Shopify is on a fast-moving mission to make the best products for merchants, buyers, and partners around the globe — and developers play a vital role in building that future. Here are just some of the stories from the engineering teams who build and scale Shopify.  What types of Software Engineers might be interested in joining?  Back End Development Back End Engineers with a passion for solving tough problems with performant code work on teams that ship on quality instead of on time. Our teams deploy new code many times a day, and our production scale is massive. We’re talking over millions of online stores, and hundreds of millions of requests a day. Thousands of entrepreneurs will see your work within seconds – a difficult but incredibly rewarding responsibility. Shopify is the largest Ruby on Rails application in the world and we're a big part of the Rails community. We’re constantly improving our codebase to make it even better.
 Mobile Development (React Native, Android & iOS) Our Mobile Engineers work along with designers and product managers to build and launch new features for our apps. You’ll work on large-scale apps that are ever-changing, enabling entrepreneurship for hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs. Our Android Engineers use Kotlin and our iOS Engineers use Swift. Our teams are increasingly working with React Native so openness to cross-platform mobile development is a plus!
 Front End Development Our Front End Engineers collaborate closely with software engineering teams, designers, product managers, and marketers to not only build incredible merchant-facing products and marketing campaigns, but also developer-facing tools. You’ll use the latest web standards in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and modern technologies and frameworks like Typescript, React, GraphQL, Apollo and Ruby on Rails, to develop large front-end web applications and websites that scale and perform well on all devices. Front End Development exists across all of Shopify, from Product to Marketing, working closely with the teams that create performant experiences and communicate Shopify’s impact on commerce to a global audience. You may also collaborate with our Data and SEO teams, helping us make data informed decisions and driving additional new merchant acquisition. You might focus on creating thoughtful interfaces for our users, shaping our design language, and contributing to our shared component libraries in a maintainable and scalable way.
 Infrastructure Are you looking for an opportunity to work on planet-scale infrastructure? Do you want your work to impact thousands of engineers and millions of customers? Do you genuinely enjoy tackling complex problems, and learning through experimentation? Shopify Production Engineering is all of this and more. The Production Engineering team builds and maintains Shopify’s critical infrastructure through software and systems engineering. We make sure Shopify—the world’s fastest growing commerce platform—is able to scale massively while staying resilient for our 2000+ development team to build on and our millions of merchants to depend on. Some of the technology that the team uses: Ruby, Rails, Go, Kubernetes, MySQL, Redis, Memcached, Docker, Distributed Systems, Google Cloud. Is some of this tech new to you? That’s OK! We know not everyone will come in fully familiar with this stack, and we provide support to learn on the job.



  Qualifications
   What you’ll do as a Software Engineer at Shopify:

 Collaborate with other engineers and designers
 Create beautiful and fast code that improves our code base in meaningful ways
 Use test-driven development to write well-tested code
 Fix bugs fast and take your time to solve hard problems well
 Build and maintain Shopify’s critical infrastructure through software and systems engineering
 Contribute to the open source community
 Learn and grow constantly

 Experience and skills that are important for success in this role:

 Experience using technologies and frameworks like (but not limited to) some of our most-used languages — Ruby on Rails, GraphQL, Java/JEE, Node.js, PHP, Python, React or React Native, Golang, Kubernetes — is an asset, but not required. Don’t have experience with many of them? No problem — deep experience with any object-oriented language and willingness to learn our tech stack goes a long way. Check out our StackShare here.
 Curiosity and passion to constantly learn new things. Shopify changes fast and we need the people who work here to thrive on change and learn quickly too
 Experience with relational databases and SQL

 Additional Information
   Closing date: Friday May 27 at 11:59 pm EST
 Shopify is now permanently remote and working towards a future that is digital by default. Learn more about what this can mean for you.
 Our belief is that a strong commitment to diversity & inclusion enables us to truly make commerce better for everyone. We encourage applications from Indigenous peoples, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities, and/or people with intersectional identities. Please take a look at our Sustainability Reports to learn more about Shopify’s commitments to our communities, and our planet: https://www.shopify.com/about/environment#SustainabilityReports  At Shopify, we understand that experience comes in many forms. We’re dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team - so if your experience is this close to what we’re looking for, please consider applying.  #LI-KO3 #LI-REMOTE #LI-AH1
 Interested, but not ready to apply?
 Join the Shopify Talent Community to learn more about us, while you polish up your resume: https://www.shopify.com/careers/2021

 Our belief is that a strong commitment to diversity & inclusion enables us to truly make commerce better for everyone. We encourage applications from Indigenous peoples, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities, and/or people with intersectional identities. Please take a look at our Sustainability Reports to learn more about Shopify’s commitments to our communities, and our planet.
 At Shopify, we understand that experience comes in many forms. We’re dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team - so if your experience is this close to what we’re looking for, please consider applying.


We're looking for a DevOps Engineer for a W2 opportunity. I cannot do C2C or offer sponsorship as of now.
Job Title:  DevOps Engineer
Location:  Hybrid
Position:  W2 Employment
Visa's: OPT, Day1 CPT, H1B, H1B-T, H4-ead
(Authorized to work anywhere in the USA and for only those who are staying in the USA)
Requirements: 

Bachelor’s Degree or Master’s in Computer Science, Engineering, Software Engineering, or a relevant field.
More than three years of experience in a DevOps Engineer role (or similar lead tech role)
Experience in leading projects from planning through to implementation
Experience in software development and infrastructure development is a plus
Strong experience with Linux-based infrastructures, Linux/Unix administration, and AWS
Strong experience with database technologies such as PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, NoSQL, ElasticSearch, Redis, Cassandra, and/or Mongo
Experience with open-source technologies and cloud services
Experience in working with Selenium or equivalent for automation and configuration
Strong communication skills and ability to explain protocol and processes with team and management
Stellar troubleshooting skills with the ability to spot issues before they become problems
current with industry trends and best practices, ability to identify the ones we should implement
Strong time and project management skills, with the capability to prioritize and multitask as needed

Benefits: 

Competitive salary
Flexible work schedule & part-time off
E-verified
H1B Filing
On job technical support
Skill Enhancement
Opportunity to work with Fortune 500 Companies

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $42.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote




   This position is for an experienced Software Engineering professional, working independently. This position will design, develop, document, test and debug control and diagnostic systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions. Conducts multidisciplinary research and collaborates with equipment designers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines end user needs by analyzing system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements and input data acquisition. Ensures hardware and software standards are met. Designs and implements build procedures that are used to support hardware and software product development and use. May develop software configuration standards for company-wide use. May train software developers in the use of configuration management tools and the implementation of software quality standards. Includes control modeling (model based design).
  





 Primary Responsibilities:

 Conducts and coordinates moderately complex tests for control and diagnostic systems that contain logical and mathematical solutions.
 Conducts multidisciplinary research in assisting equipment designers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software to develop software engineering activities.
 Analyzes system capabilities and determines end user needs to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements and input data acquisition to ensure current and future needs of the business are met.


 Basic Qualifications:

 Bachelor’s degree and 8 years of relevant experience OR
 Advance degree and 5 years of relevant experience OR
 In absence of a degree, 12 years of relevant experience is required
 Must be a U.S. Person/Permanent Resident “Green Card” holder


 Preferred Qualifications:

 Model based design experience
 DO-331 knowledge
 Experience with verifying DO-178 software – level C or above
 Experience developing and writing software to requirements in DO-178 – level C or above
 Experience with National Instruments software and hardware for verification
 Good at requirements and documentation maintenance
 Experience with code coverage – unit testing
 C programming language
 visual basic
 labview / test stand
 C++ is a bonus
 Motor control understanding is a bonus

 Collins Aerospace, a Raytheon Technologies company, is a leader in technologically advanced and intelligent solutions for the global aerospace and defense industry. Collins Aerospace has the capabilities, comprehensive portfolio and expertise to solve customers’ toughest challenges and to meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global market.

 The high quality products we design, test and produce in our Mechanical Systems help millions of passengers reach their destinations safely – every day! From landing systems and actuation to propellers, flight controls and hoist and winch – the products we manufacture work together behind the scenes to enhance the overall flight experience. We delight our customers with superior products and best-in-class service. Our global team is committed to continuous improvement – we work hard to make our solutions lighter-weight, stronger and more technically advanced, so that plane travel can be safer, more affordable and more sustainable in the years to come. We are looking for the best and brightest to fly and land with us!

 We make modern flight possible for millions of travelers and our military every second. Our major product lines are on-board virtually every aircraft flying. Be it keeping passengers safe with our emergency power generation systems or creating a positive in-flight experience through reliable cabin pressure controls and quieter engines, Power & Controls focuses on delivering a best-in-class experience to our customers. We hire the top people in the industry. Their ideas drive our performance, and their integrity keeps our customers happy. Join us as we take flight!

 Collins Aerospace Diversity & Inclusion Statement:

 Diversity drives innovation; inclusion drives success. We believe a multitude of approaches and ideas enable us to deliver the best results for our workforce, workplace, and customers. We are committed to fostering a culture where all employees can share their passions and ideas so we can tackle the toughest challenges in our industry and pave new paths to limitless possibility.

 WE ARE REDEFINING AEROSPACE.

 Some of our competitive benefits package includes: 

Medical, dental, and vision insurance
 Three weeks of vacation for newly hired employees
 Generous 401(k) plan that includes employer matching funds and separate employer retirement contribution, including a Lifetime Income Strategy option
 Tuition reimbursement
 Life insurance and disability coverage
 Optional coverages you can buy: Pet Insurance, Home and Auto, additional life insurance, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, group legal
 Ovia Health, fertility and family planning
 Employee Assistance Plan, including up to 5 free counseling sessions
 Redbrick - Incentives for a Healthy You
 Autism Benefit
 Doctor on Demand, virtual doctor visits
 Adoption Assistance
 Best Doctors, second opinion program
 And more!


 Nothing matters more to Collins Aerospace than our strong ethical and safety commitments. As such, all U.S. positions require a background check, which may include a drug screen.

 Note:

 Background check and drug screen required (every external new hire in the U.S.)
 Drug Screen only performed on re-hires who have been gone for more than 1 year


 At Collins, the paths we pave together lead to limitless possibility. And the bonds we form – with our customers and with each other - propel us all higher, again and again.
 
Apply now and be part of the team that’s redefining aerospace, every day.





 Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.



  REMOTE Principal Software Engineer - Blockchain 
  
   If you are a Principal Software Engineer with blockchain experience, please read on!
   
 Headquartered in New York with remote teams across the globe, we are a booming blockchain company focusing on Ethereum-based solutions! Due to growth and demand for our services, we are urgently looking to add a Principal Software Engineer to our diverse and growing team!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

HUGE opportunity for growth!
Competitive base salary!
Cutting-edge tech!

 What You Will Be Doing

Leading a greenfield project
Building out a proprietary blockchain service
Working cross-organizationally with various department and individuals

 What You Need for this Position

BSCS or equivalent technical degree preferred
5+ years of professional experience in software development, focusing on blockchain services
Strong experience building out dApps and smart contracts on Ethereum
Strong experience with Kubernetes
Experience with Solidity and DeFi
Experience with cloud services, preferably Azure
Experience with web3 and/or ethers.js

 What's In It for You

Competitive base salary ($250-300k DOE)
Comprehensive benefits package (Medical, Dental, Vision) 
Equity
401k
Unlimited PTO
Fully remote opportunity 
Fun and innovative company culture


    So, if you are a Principal Software Engineer with blockchain experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Position: Web Developer
Reports to: Chief Technology Officer
Location: Charlotte, NC
Summary of Position: 
Tile Redi is fast growing Sales and Manufacturing Company seeking an experienced Web Developer. Under the general supervision of CTO, the Web Developer will provide a wide variety of both complex and routine web development services. Will also provide support in the development, implementation, coordination, and maintenance of programs that integrate with Webstore and ERP systems.
Skills > 3 years: 
· PHP
�� HTML, JavaScript
· MySQL
· GIT SCM
· Magento 1
Experience
· Must have experience maintaining and extending an existing Magento 1 site
· Must demonstrate a clear understanding of Magento’s architecture, including extensions
· Addition consideration for candidates with experience in NodeJS, ASW EC2RDS. Big Commerce, Docker/Vagrant, Rest API integrations
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $45,479.00 - $81,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

As a Quality Engineer, your responsibilities are to:

Establish test strategy, analyze, design, and develop automated and manual test suites in order to perform integration testing, acceptance testing, and end-to-end functional testing.
Design and develop test automation scripts, using current test automation guidelines and best practices.
Collaborate with the Project Manager and Technical Analysts to set up test scenarios and cases that work to ensure that the acceptance criteria of user stories are met.
Work with Software Engineers to diagnose issues and enhance solutions.
Record test results and report and verify software bug fixes to accept automation criteria.
Analyze performance test requirements and develop test plans and debug to understand test objective requirements.
Handle performance testing and present results for validating and analysis to the development team.
Prepare software defect tracking and report defect statuses to stakeholders.
Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts.
Keep up with the latest best practices in Test Automation.

Technical Skills & Competencies
Mandatory:

Proficient in Javascript ES6
Experience in Api testing via Postman or similar
Have created tests on at least 1 type of JS browser automation test framework, testing a web application
Hands on experience in both white-box and black-box testing
Familiar working in agile projects
Source code control in git
Using CI/CD pipelines for build and deploy

Preferable:

Knowledge of multiple test frameworks such as Cypress, Testcafe, Selenium.
Knowledge of Cucumber/Gherkin DSL
Knowledge of TDD/BDD practices
Knowledge of SQL
Experience using CI/CD tools
Experience with Tools and Best Practices for Secure Application Development

Sound like the job you’re looking for? Before you apply it’s also worth knowing what we’re looking for:
Education and experience

A Bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, software engineering, or a related field.
3+ years of experience in developing applications or test automation is required.
Reliable, self-motivated, and self-disciplined individual.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent technical, analytical and organizational skills.

Good range of hands-on test automation experience and/or QA testing experience
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $50.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Health insurance
Health savings account

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Software testing: 5 years (Preferred)
SQL: 3 years (Preferred)
Postman: 3 years (Preferred)
Test automation: 2 years (Preferred)
Selenium: 2 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Who are we?
OutSystems is the leader in low-code application development. Our R&D develops the OutSystems Platform, a highly scalable platform that allows large companies to easily build complex applications by simplifying the software development process. If you want to know more about us check what our happy customers say about us.
What will you be doing?
As a Front-End Developer in OutSystems Professional Services, you'll be a member of the development team, highly focused on delivering great products for our customers with great usability. You’ll work closely with UX and UI Designers to translate the designs into code. Your work will involve:
Guaranteeing a good integration between frontend and backend by writing scalable code with good performance;
Creating, extending, and maintaining components to support the team to develop an awesome product, making sure that those components can be easily used in different applications;
Develop applications that will work in multiple browsers and devices.
Here’s what you need to succeed in this job:
Bachelor or Master Degree in Computer Science or similar;
Front-end javascript developer with 2+ years of experience;
Experience developing single-page applications;
HTML5 and CSS3 Knowledge;
Fluent in English (written and spoken);
Passion for analyzing and designing the solution to technical problems;
Transparency and great accountability.
Plus:
Knowledge of how to develop accessible web pages;
Experience with design and prototype tools (Photoshop, Sketch, Invision);
Semantic and performant front-end code;
CSS Methodologies (BEM or SMACSS or OOCS) Knowledge;
CSS Preprocessors (SASS, SCSS, LESS) Knowledge;
Responsive Design Knowledge;
Knowledge of how to develop OutSystems applications would be a great differentiator.
We’re looking for passionate people committed to their work. If this description applies to you, we should talk.
Working at OutSystems
Working at OutSystems gives you the opportunity to change the world of software development! We are leading the evolution of the software development process by removing complexity from it, allowing developers to focus on delivering value and making a difference. But removing complexity from software development means that we need to solve it ourselves, so we will have lots of opportunities and complex challenges to offer you.
We don’t have many rules, but we have a lot of common sense. Our commitment to our culture is highlighted in The Small Book of The Few Big Rules. This commitment to culture has landed us in the top six Forbes Best Cloud Computing Companies and CEOs To Work For three years running. We foster a culture where people make a difference. And every day, we focus on making sure that we keep a startup and innovative mindset.
You will work with colleagues that are as smart, hardworking, and driven as you – and spread all over the globe -, in a solid company that still keeps growing, changing, and innovating, and giving teams room to be proactive and creative.
Are you ready for the next step in your career? Then we’d love to hear from you!
Senior Back-end Developer - .NET Immediate - 3x Openings 100% Remote Long term Contract contract OR Contract To Hire Expedited IV Process - Initial Telephone screenings from May 17th onwards 
One of our established and longstanding clients has asked us to assist in continuing to grow their dev team headcount and is now seeking 3x experienced Senior Level .Net Developers for 100% remote roles.
Successful candidates will have an immediate impact on a number of mission critical projects used globally in all client locations. Looking for candidates who want to step up and contribute, not just coast along or work on maintaining legacy code.
Streamlined 2 Stage Interview Process - NO LIVE CODING! Requirements:

3-5+ years of experience with .NET framework
Cloud experience - AWS Preferred
Strong CI/CD experience - Docker Preferred
Strong Agile experience
Demonstrable ability to work in a rapidly changing environment and able to adapt approach to deliver business objectives

Interested? Get in touch today for first round screenings!
Candidates must be eligible to accept sponsorship within the US without requiring sponsorship either now or in the future. This role is not open to third party vendors (No C2C) 
Senior Back-end Developer - .NET - IT - Senior Back-end Developer - .NET CORE- Immediate - .NET - Development – Microservice - Micro service – AWS - IT - Backend - API - Rest - IT – Senior Back-end Developer - .net - .Net Developer C# - Remote
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $80.00 - $110.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

.net: 6 years (Required)
Service-oriented architecture: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Who We Are at Elemy:

Elemy is building the first managed marketplace for in-home chronic medical care, starting with pediatric autism. Our AI-powered technology matches families with like-minded therapists, resulting in better care that helps children learn new behaviors and reach life-changing milestones. Children receiving care with Elemy report a 13% increase in communication skills, 80% reduction in problem behavior, and 140% increase in skill adoption within six months - amazing milestones that further our mission each day.

Since launching in April 2020, Elemy has become one of the fastest-growing healthcare companies in the United States, scaling from four employees to more than 1,300 employees in less than 18 months. The company is backed by some of the most prominent investors in healthcare and technology, including SoftBank, Goodwater, General Catalyst, Founders Fund, SignalFire, e.ventures, and 8VC.

Interested in learning more? Watch a mother detail her Elemy experience on NBC News, read Bloomberg's take on our Series B, listen to Elemy CEO, Yury Yakubchyk, discuss destigmatizing mental health on Spotify, or check out why Dr. Henry Roane was awarded the highest award of its honor in ABA therapy, the American Psychological Association Nathan H. Azrin Distinguished Contribution to Applied Behavior Analysis Award.

Senior Software Engineer (Frontend) at Elemy:

In this role, you will be creating and designing Managed Medical's suite of digital products. You will be working with cross-functional teams to launch best in class technical solutions for the clinic management industry. You will work directly with DevOps, Testers, and Product Managers to ensure quality development practices are followed to create the best possible products.

You are highly collaborative, with a proven track record for working closely with teams to influence outcomes and propose well-informed new directions. You think big and earn trust through regular and precise communication. You have strong analytical skills and a relentless determination to do what is right for customers. You can work with minimal direction and are capable of working quickly while delivering high-quality outputs. You are good at multitasking, juggling competing priorities, and organizing yourself.

What You'll Do:

Develop new user-facing features
Build reusable code and libraries for future use
Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end
Collaborate with Designers and Back-End Engineers and business stakeholders

Who You Are:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar technical field
4+ years of experience as a Software Development Engineer
Expertise in Javascript, HTML, CSS, etc.
Knowledge of Javascript frameworks like React, Angular etc.
Experience with Node.js or other server-side Javascript technologies and tools

At Elemy, we are a globally-distributed team with many of our team members located throughout the world, including in the following cities: San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles, Miami, Toronto, Montreal, and Kyiv. While everyone currently works remotely, we envision a future that balances face-to-face collaboration with a remote-friendly environment.

The above job description is meant to describe the general nature and level of work being performed; it is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required for the position.

Elemy is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to providing all employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We celebrate diversity and welcome applicants from every background and life experience.

#LI-RemoteWellSky Personal Care's (WSPC) SWAT Team is tasked with supporting and creating new features for WSPC's main Django ORM based platform. Our customers use our SaaS platform to manage all aspects of home healthcare. Some features include scheduling, billing, payroll, background checks, and electronic payments. These services are implemented by the use of many technologies including multiple micro-services.


As a member of the WSPC SWAT Team you will work with your teammates in an agile environment to accomplish planned new work, improvements and updates with the goal to provide the best user experience we can offer.


We are looking for an individual who can:

Work and deliver large, complex or high-level tasks
Converts vague requirements into concrete requirements
Can work independently or collaborate with others to complete tasks
Understands how to work with all disciplines
Understands the big picture and product architecture
Provides product operational support
Identify and deconstruct poor design patterns
Recommends and can help design leading edge innovative solutions
Mentors and teaches other software engineers
Actively involved in architecture and process improvements
Primarily focused on a single product line
Heavily involved in the recruitment and hiring of other engineers
Performs individual contributor's duties for at least 50% of the time
Can lead and manage a small team technically (5-7 people)
HR responsibilities for staff on the team, such as time-off approval, quarterly goal setting, 1:1s, performance and talent evaluations
Takes ownership of problems to resolution without need of assistance
Demonstrates professional communication and presentations skills
Leads technical innovation
Is a force multiplier making the team as a whole more productive


Technical Requirements:

Python
Django ORM or similar
GitHub branch management


Nice to have:

GraphQL schema
PostgresQL
Docker

About WellSky

WellSky is a technology company leading the movement for intelligent, coordinated care worldwide. Our next-generation software, analytics, and services power better outcomes and lower costs for stakeholders across the health and community care continuum. In today's value-based care environment, WellSky helps providers, payers, health systems, and community organizations solve tough challenges, improve collaboration for growth, harness the power of data analytics, and achieve better outcomes by further connecting clinical and social care. WellSky serves more than 20,000 client sites around the world — including the largest hospital systems, blood banks, cell therapy labs, blood centers, home health and hospice franchises, post-acute providers, government agencies, and human services organizations. Informed by more than 40 years of providing software and expertise, WellSky anticipates clients' needs and innovates relentlessly to ultimately help more people thrive.

We're looking for talented individuals who want to use their skills to build a strong, technology-driven company. We offer competitive salaries, great benefits, including generous paid time off programming, and a casual and fun environment that encourages quality, creativity, and excellence. Enjoy all we have to offer. We invite you to join us. Apply today!

WellSky provides equal employment opportunities to all people without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law. WellSky is proud to be a drug-free workplace.

Applicants for U.S.-based positions with WellSky must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. All U.S.-based employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless a medical or religious exemption is approved.
Java Developer
Longterm
Remote
We are looking for Java Developer
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Salary: $50,149.00 - $80,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


We're hiring for Mid Level AWS DevOps Engineers 
If you possess Linux fundamentals with mid-level expertise in AWS, read on to see if you have what it takes?
 ShipHero has a lot of great opportunities.   Hello. We are ShipHero (https://shiphero.com). We have built a software platform entrusted by hundreds of eCommerce companies, large and small to run their operations and we continue to grow. About US$5 billion of eCommerce orders are shipped a year via ShipHero. Our customers sell on Shopify, Amazon, Etsy, eBay, WooCommerce, BigCommerce, and many other platforms. We’re driven to help our customers grow their businesses by providing a platform that solves complex problems, and is engineered to be reliable and fast. We are obsessed with building great technology that is beautiful, easy to use, and is loved by our customers. Our culture also reflects our ethos and belief that by bringing passionate, talented, and great people together - you can do great things.
 Our DevOps team is looking for talented AWS Cloud DevOps Engineers looking to grow with us.
 Suppose you have a couple of years (3+) of AWS expertise in production environments; you know S3, RDS, Cloudwatch Logs, and Terraform combined with solid Linux fundamentals. In that case, we will engage you, challenge you, and help you grow and mature as you take on new responsibilities. 
Do you have what it takes to become a member of our ShipHero team? 
If you reside within AEST Time Zones (Australia), an EU country, Canada, the US, or the Americas and you're curious? 
Apply so we can talk about you becoming a member of our ShipHero DevOps team. 
Our team is fully remote; the company has always been remote. We communicate regularly using video chat and Slack and emphasize asynchronous work, so people have large chunks of uninterrupted time to focus and do deep work.

 We are looking for talented MId-level DevOps Engineers to join our growing team. We are looking for individuals with a recent track record of working with complex infrastructure within AWS (Amazon Web Services). You would be joining as a fundamental member of our team focusing on building a solid foundation for our platforms. We seek excited and driven people to continue growing with the experience of working with talented engineers and helping others improve.


To apply for this role you must reside in either Australia, an EU Country, Canada, the US, or the Americas  About You
 You understand that great things are accomplished when people and teams work together.
 You feel comfortable owning processes and tools for deploying to production and scaling.
 You understand modern web architectures and tiers.
 You have a good understanding of cloud security and are enthusiastic to expand your knowledge in AWS Security Best Practices 
You take pride in your craft.
 You have made (a lot of) mistakes and most importantly have learned from them.
 You have worked on medium and large projects that have gone to production and lived there for a while.
 You are eager to learn, contribute and grow with a supporting team of DevOps professionals. 
Tech Knowledge

 We are looking for 4+ years of experience with:

AWS (Amazon Web Services) –you have a couple of years of AWS expertise in production environments; you know S3, RDS, Cloudwatch Logs, and maybe even Terraform combined with solid Linux fundamentals


Python (preferably 3.6+)


Linux (Amazon Linux 1/2 and Ubuntu 18.04)


Git version control (we use Github)


CI/CD automation (we use GitHub Actions, AWS CodeBuild, and CodePipeline)



Terraform Expertise is required

 Bonus Tech Knowledge (Nice to have but not required)

AWS Elastic Beanstalk


Docker and building images including multi-stage with secrets


Monitoring tools 
Container security | ECS, Docker


Elasticsearch


AWS Organizations and multi-region / multi-account


The Role
 Hands-on configuration, setup & maintaining our staging and production environments.
 Collaborate with engineers on monitoring & debugging solutions.
 Developing, automating, and operating our cloud infrastructure platform 
Respond to incidents, ensuring the restoration of services when required 
Contribute to the team's backlog of activities. 
Be part of on-call support.
 Automate yourself and others out of common tasks.
 Ability to estimate effort and ship on an agreed schedule. Comfortable pushing yourself and your team members when challenges pop up.
 Learn and push those around you to do the same – this is a craft that you’re constantly improving upon.
 Implement solutions that are pragmatic to get the platform built.
 Have the confidence to work with experienced and talented people to build great things; you are not a “rock star” but a team player that takes initiative.
 We want everyone to be self-sufficient and firmly believe how we collaborate & communicate is of significant importance. Here is a glimpse of how we roll: https://shiphero.com/careers/communication-guidelines/

The Perks
 $2.500 so you can buy any equipment you need to be happy at your job
 20 days paid vacation + New Year & Christmas
 Conference days don’t count against your vacation days, we want you to stay up-to-date
 We will pay for courses & conferences; if you learn we all learn




IT Retail is a software company focused on developing the next generation of grocery point of sale solutions. With over 100,000 licenses sold worldwide, IT Retail has been a significant player in the grocery point of sale space and is poised to rapidly expand with the release of its cloud-based point of sale offering - Retail MARKET.
You would be joining an experienced development team that is taking grocery point of sale to the next level of excellence. The team has been together for around 5 years and we are looking to add another experienced developer to our globally distributed team.

Responsibilities:

Full Stack - Point of Sale (POS) system development
 Work as a member of the team actively using an agile development process

Mandatory skills:

Extensive C# and JavaScript programming background (3+ years)
 Deep understanding of Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Strong knowledge of .NET platform: WPF, Entity Framework, ASP.NET Web API
 Knowledge of SQL, writing and analyzing queries
 Effective communication in English both oral and written

Nice to have skills:

Experience with AngularJS, Bootstrap
 Hands-on unit-testing, performance-testing, TDD
 Knowledge of IaaS, PaaS systems like Azure, AWS
 Experience in CI tools like TFS, TeamCity, Jenkins
 Understanding of agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban) and principles

We offer:

Competitive Base Salary
 Two weeks of annual PTO in addition to paid federal holidays
 On-going training and learning and growth opportunities.
 401K Options
 Life Insurance
 Health Insurance + HSA Donations




About NabisNabis is the #1 Licensed Cannabis B2B Platform in the world with the largest portfolio of cannabis brands, supplying over 100 brands to 99% of California's dispensaries and delivery services. Our mission is to empower the world to discover cannabis by providing choice, access, and innovation.Our team, backed by Y-Combinator and from a celebrity roster of tech executives, including Doordash cofounder Stanley Tang, Gmail creator Paul Buchheit and Twitch cofounder Justin Kan, is scaling the cannabis supply chain with technology with the ultimate goal of becoming the largest distributor of cannabis products in the world.
The RoleThe Software Engineer is a key role in helping Nabis scale during this exciting period of growth. We are currently seeking experienced and talented Senior Software Engineers to join our exceptional team. This is an entirely remote role, and this person will work on building a variety of products that help lead critical, scalable and secure systems that will meet the needs of Nabis' growing customer base.
Responsibilities: 

Full-stack development with a variety of languages (JavaScript, TypeScript, SQL)
Design and implement scalable core back-end software components that handles exponentially increasing volumes of orders
Build intuitive user interfaces, streamlined workflows, and insightful analytics to drive operational profitability
Improve the logistics optimization algorithms, CI/CD deployment pipeline, user experience, and infrastructural scalability
Benchmark product performance via full set of end-to-end verification and validation test cases
Work closely with product and design in product requirements, roadmap planning, and customer engagement
Familiarity with our current stack: https://stackshare.io/nabis/nabis

Desired Qualifications and Skills: 

B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or related engineering field, or relevant work experience
3+ years' experience in developing and debugging in React, Node JS, and GraphQL
Familiarity with PostgreSQL and AWS

WHY YOU'LL LOVE WORKING AT NABIS!

You'll work at the fastest growing cannabis startup in the U.S.
Unlimited PTO and flexible work-from-home policy
Medical/Dental/Vision: 75% of employee premium paid by Nabis
Competitive salary, 401(k) plan, and equity compensation structure
Cannabis industry discounts at retail shops across California

Nabis is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Nabis is seeking to create a diverse work environment because all teams are stronger with different perspectives and life experiences. We strongly encourage women, people of color, LGBTQIA individuals, people with disabilities, members of ethnic minorities, foreign-born residents, older members of society, and others from minority groups and diverse backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, religion, color, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. All employees and contractors of Nabis are responsible for maintaining a work culture free from discrimination and harassment by treating others with kindness and respect.
Job Type: Full-time
The Customer Support department is seeking a Technical Software / Applications Support Engineer to support our Web and Mobile Mapping Software for our growing global customer base in the US and Europe. This role joins a dynamic team that enjoys working with complex applications and products that utilize software, GIS, engineering, and problem-solving skills.


The Support Engineer is a technical software expert, experienced in configuration and implementation of IQGeo solutions often requiring knowledge of complex integrations with 3rd party software systems and middleware, and/or custom software development, as required by customers.


The role works independently or as a team member along with Project Managers, Implementers, and Director of Customer Support to deliver product support for the customer.
Responsibilities

As an integral part of the IQGeo geospatial Customer Support Team, the successful candidate will be a key contributor on the team by supporting IQGeo products for our customers in the Utility and Telecommunications markets. The role is expected to be capable of working independently, and as a team member, and should have a working knowledge of software implementation methodologies and troubleshooting skills. The key responsibilities include the following.

Problem solving skills, providing consulting to clients based on current operational processes and their fit with IQGeo products.
Respond to customer queries (incidents or questions) in a timely and accurate way via support cases, phone, or email.
Identify customer needs and help customers resolve issues or understand IQGeo product functionality.
Follow up with customers to ensure their technical issues are resolved.
Analyze and report product defects to the IQGeo Product Development Team.
Ensure accurate support case information is filled out by IQGeo customers and internal teams to build an IQGeo knowledgebase for end-users.
Inform customers of critical issues or when patches are released on IQGeo products.
Develop and maintain IQGeo product training materials for the IQGeo Certification program.
Required skills

Successful candidates will be enthusiastic individuals with a strong technical and consulting background in general software delivery and support skills related to the following:

Essential

Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with customer service desk systems (Jira Service Desk, FogBugz)
Strong experience with open-source software technologies (Apache, OpenLayers, Leaflet)
Intermediate to light experience in JavaScript and HTML design and development
Experience with Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) or web mapping
Experience with SQL and RDBMS technology (PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite)
Experience with Linux System administration and bash scripting
Experience with Python

Desirable

Enterprise Integration, especially web services
Collaboration systems, such as Jira Confluence or Microsoft SharePoint
Mobile application support (iOS, Android, Windows)
Experience in IQGeo software technology experience
ETL tools such Safe Software’s FME or GeoKettle
Git or other distributed version control systems
Additional language skills are not essential, but would be an advantage
Education and experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering required or related field or equivalent work experience is preferred.
Comparable technology and industry experience

If you would like to join this winning team, please submit your resume and cover letter to hr@iqgeo.com


Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration, and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm) 
You will enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges. 
Primary Responsibilities: 

Design, develop, modify, and/or test Optum software applications for the healthcare industry in an agile environment 
Participate in all phases of software engineering including requirements analysis, application design, code development, testing and follow Agile/Scrum methodology 
Design, develop, and modify computer applications to drive user efficiency and overall business success 
Create efficient, high-performance enhancements to applications to address business needs and goals 
Adhere to version control, release management, and deployment protocols to distribute new functionality to the user base 
Design and develop reporting as needed to summarize and analyze application functionality 
This role is Remote Nationwide 

What are the reasons to consider working for UnitedHealth Group? Put it all together - competitive base pay, a full and comprehensive benefit program, performance rewards, and a management team who demonstrates their commitment to your success. Some of our offerings include: 

Paid Time Off which you start to accrue with your first pay period plus 8 Paid Holidays 
Medical Plan options along with participation in a Health Spending Account or a Health Saving account 
Dental, Vision, Life& AD&D Insurance along with Short-term disability and Long-Term Disability coverage 
401(k) Savings Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
Education Reimbursement 
Employee Discounts 
Employee Assistance Program 
Employee Referral Bonus Program 
Voluntary Benefits (pet insurance, legal insurance, LTC Insurance, etc.) 
Mor e information can be downloaded at: http://uhg.hr/uhgbenefits 

You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in. 
Required Qualifications: 

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or another related field 
1+ years of experience in software engineering (can include experience from school projects) 
Good understanding of object-oriented programming concepts, and a working knowledge of one or more high-level languages such as C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python 
Good understanding of SQL and relational database modeling concepts and experience with RDBMS such as Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or MySQL 

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience using Agile/Scrum methodology 
Experience working with continuous integration/continuous delivery tools and cloud services such as Jenkins and other CI tools 
Experience in Microservice architecture, including REST API design 
Experience working with cloud providers like AWS/Azure 

To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients, and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state, and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment. 
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So, when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) 
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy. 

Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $54,400 to $97,000. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $60,000 to $106,700. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives 

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. 

Keywords: Optum, UnitedHealth, Associate Software Engineer, C#, Java, JavaScript, Python, SQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Agile, Jenkins, continuous integration/continuous delivery, REST API, AWS, Azure, Remote, Telecommute, WFH, WAH, Hiring Immediately, #RPO, #GREEN



Lead Software DeveloperMinneapolis, MNRemote, periodic in person meetings
Position Overview
This role is an excellent opportunity to be a part of a mission-based leadership team in an organization dedicated to increasing clean energy and reducing harmful emissions. Use your software development experience and management skills to manage and evolve the organization’s software programs. Lead the software development team and support the organization’s wide variety of programs and services.
Responsibilities

Oversee, design, build, and evaluate software programs
Lead issue tracking and release management
Coordinate testing of new features and user acceptability
Assist in gathering requirements from stakeholders and clients
Ensure code and software works efficiently at all levels
Collaborate with the Director of Information Technology to provide insights and promote best practices
Maintain excellence in current practices and the organization’s custom portfolio
Manage 2 direct reports, in addition to contract employees
Report to the Director of Information Technology

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree and/or 4+ years of experience in software development; 2+ years of which were working in a supervisory or managerial role
Strong knowledge of and experience with PHP, C#, Javascript, and SQL databases required
Experience with version control systems, bitbucket and jit preferred
Experience with Vue.js and the Laravel framework preferred
Experience with Salesforce and Apex preferred
Ability to collaborate and lead teams
Excellence in interpersonal communication, attentional to detail, and organization
Ability to be proactive and work within a fast-paced team
Current COVID-19 vaccination required for employment

Compensation

$105,000-115,000, commensurate with experience
Medical and Dental Insurance
403(b) Retirement plan
Generous paid time off, including 12 weeks paid parental leave for pre- and post-natal care and/or adoption
Interest clubs and bike friendly facilities

Career Blazers Nonprofit Search maintains a broad focus so that your search can be thorough, and inclusive of all relevant options. We carefully consider your desired outcome, skills, and experience. The professionals at Career Blazers Nonprofit Search maintain your confidentiality and will not send your resume to a client without your approval.
Career Blazers is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $105,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

software development: 4 years (Required)
supervisory/managerial role: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Role: Backend Developer/Software Engineer
Location: Houston, TX
Key Skills:
-Backend is written mostly in Python, a few parts in Spring java
-SQL, Postgres
-Airflow
-Postman
-Git
-GCP- Bucket, Kubernetes, Container Registry services-Azure- DevOps services
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Back-end development: 4 years (Preferred)
Java: 4 years (Preferred)
APIs: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Who We Are:
Telcoin is a consumer finance company focused on providing customers with low cost, high quality financial services via blockchain technology, legacy banking, and mobile financial services infrastructure.

We are a team of telecom executives, start-up veterans, finance professionals, all-star developers and blockchain specialists looking for a DevOps Engineer in the greater Los Angeles area to manage cloud resources and accelerate the development, testing, release, and deployment of Telcoin's production infrastructure.

What Telcoin Can Offer You:

Competitive Compensation package; $90-110k (depending on experience), annual bonus, stock option plan
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance – 100% employer sponsored for employee and family
401 (k) Plan with no vesting period
Unlimited PTO to preserve work/life balance
Start-up opportunity and culture
Key Responsibilities:
Design, deploy, and maintain secure, scalable, and fault-tolerant systems on Kubernetes and AWS.
Develop CI/CD pipelines for code deployment
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features within set timeframes.
Qualifications:
At least 3 years of experience with managing Kubernetes and other cloud resources (AWS preferred)
Strong proficiency with UNIX/Linux systems
Experience with databases such as PostgreSQL and Redis
Helm and Terraform experience a plus
Experience managing and deploying blockchain (Ethereum preferred) nodes/resources a plus
Great written and oral communication skills for both technical details and high-level concepts
Eager to learn and work in a fast-paced startup environment

Education:

BS (or MS) in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field, or equivalent professional experience

Location

Remote (Los Angeles area is a plus)
Paramount Global (NASDAQ: PARA, PARAA) is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic studios, networks and streaming services, Paramount's portfolio of consumer brands includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+, Pluto TV and Simon & Schuster, among others. Paramount delivers the largest share of the U.S. television audience and boasts one of the industry's most important and extensive libraries of TV and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, the company provides powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions. 
 
 Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from ViacomCBS, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream ViacomCBS Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage. 
 

About Us:
 The Applied Machine Learning Group within Paramount Global Streaming’s Advanced Technologies division focuses on deploying machine learning techniques to improve products. 
 

Role Details:
 As a Senior Software Engineer - Content Platform on the Applied Machine Learning Group, you’ll play a key role in the design and development of server-side applications, pipelines and APIs for AI/ML products that support brands across Paramount Global. Location is open for remote work. 
 

Your Day-to-Day:
 Design new feature solutions, producing the relevant technical documentation for review by product and engineering team members 
 Implement designs and collaborate with backend and frontend engineers to produce outstanding technical results 
 Participate in design and code reviews 
 Take initiative to review existing code, understand its function, and suggest optimizations with a goal towards efficiency, reliability and performance 
 Triage and fix reported bugs as well as issues related to performance 
 Communicate estimates, schedules, issues and dependencies to technical or project lead 
 Communicate often with other remote colleagues on our distributed team. Raise issues and blockers and follow through as needed 
 Bring new ideas about technology to engineering team and product manager 
 Become an expert on core backend systems 
 Participate in scheduled production releases 
 

Key Projects:
 Design, implement and support ingestion pipelines providing source data critical to our ML models 
 Originate new feature solutions for our transactional web application backend including data model and API endpoints 
 Orchestrate downstream data source availability for use by our ML models and reporting 
 

Qualifications:
 BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience 
 Detailed understanding of database concepts and prior experience with data modeling 
 Expertise working on transactional web applications, identifying workflow use cases, and designing the appropriate solutions 
 Production quality API development experience 
 Experience producing technical design artifacts that are detailed and thought out, taking account of system interdependencies 
 Solid foundation and programming experience in Python, Django and SQL 
 Experience building ingestion pipelines from external data sources 
 Experience deploying to Cloud production environments 
 Practiced in writing unit tests 
 Excellent problem solving, collaboration and interpersonal skills, both verbal and written 
 Nice to have – 
 Experience with ElasticSearch 
 Experience with Kubernetes 
 Familiarity with Argo Workflows 
 Experience using project management tools like those from Atlassian (JIRA, Confluence) 
 Experience with version control systems (Git and Bitbucket) 
 Experience using Google Cloud Platform (BigQuery, Cloud Storage and APIs) 
 
 llllll 
 Paramount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet. 
 
 At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status. 
 
 If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 
 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacom.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.

We are looking for a remote Embeeded Senior Firmware Engineer to join our Engineering team.. This person will design, write and modify firmware for embedded control applications using C computer language relating to New Product Development. If this sounds right up your alley, we’d love to talk to you!
WHY WORK FOR FLUIDRA?
We are a leader in the global pool industry. Our portfolio includes some of the most trusted brands; we offer our customers an expansive array of products across both the residential and commercial pool and wellness markets; and we have strong geographical footprint with operations in over 45 countries. With our merger with Zodiac, we now have over 5,500 employees and the combined resources to accelerate innovation in critical areas like energy-efficiency, robotics and the Internet of Things.
We are guided by clear values and come to work every day with a simple and direct mission in mind: To create the perfect pool and wellness experience. By staying focused on this mission, we will create value for all our stakeholders–customers, pool owners, investors and employees.
We own a portfolio of some of the industry’s most recognized and trusted brands, including Jandy®, AstralPool®, Polaris®, Cepex®, Zodiac®, CTX Professional® and Gre®.
WHAT YOU WILL CONTRIBUTE 
The Senior Firmware Engineer writes firmware for New Product Development, and also provides Sustaining Engineering support to existing products. Additionally, you will:
· Designs, writes, and modifies firmware for embedded control applications using C computer language.
· Prepares all required product documentation.
· Provides support in addressing production and warranty issues concerning current products.
· Takes the technical lead in the redesign of existing products to meet revised requirements.
· Combines broad knowledge of design skills, engineering principles, manufacturing techniques, and analytical skills to address field problems and proposes corrective actions.
· Writes reports, conducts evaluations, and analyzes data.
· Responsible for following quality system procedures. Assists in procedure development when required. Ensures product quality and take appropriate action when non-conformances are identified. Keeps accurate records as required.
· Provides support to Production.
WHAT WE SEEK
· 5+ years of experience in the design and maintenance of embedded control firmware. Prefer experience and involvement in all facets and phases of product development from inception to production, and obsolescence.
· Experience with the following components and systems:
o Micro-controllers (preferably ARM, AVR, 8051 and PIC microprocessors) and their associated development tools (IDE, compiler, assembler, etc.).
o C computer language programming. Familiarity with Assembly language.
o serial communications (RS-485, I2C, SPI, etc.)
o sensors and transducers (temperature, pressure, etc.)
o keypads (membrane, discrete, matrices, etc.)
o analog-to-digital conversion
o displays (LED, LCD, VFD, 7-segment, alphanumeric, graphical)
o peripheral drivers (indicators, relays, triacs, etc.)
o power supplies and batteries
· Experience in the design and manufacture of electronic assemblies and their application to consumer products.
· Familiarity with Embedded Linux is a big plus.
· Familiarity with AWS IoT Greengrass and associated AWS Services is a big plus.
· Familiarity with requirements of safety agencies (UL, CSA, CE, etc.).
· Familiarity with requirements of safety agencies (UL, CSA, CE, etc.).
· Ability to use sophisticated electronic test equipment.
· Ability to use office and technical software applications.
· Ability to communicate effectively with technicians, colleagues, management, and vendors.
· Ability to work effectively independently or in a team environment.
· Strong mechanical aptitude.
· As a key member of the Electronics Engineering Team, the Senior Firmware Engineer may be required to travel periodically. The travel requirement will be determined by the activities of the projects.
EDUCATION 
B.S. in Computer, Electrical or Electronic Engineering.
WHAT WE OFFER
An exciting opportunity to dive in and begin your career with a company that offers a competitive total rewards package that includes:
· Alternate work week schedule (EVERY OTHER FRIDAY OFF!)
· Full range of health benefits including medical, dental & vision, short & long-term disability
· 401(K) matching (100% of first 3% contributed, 50% of the next 2%)
· Flexible vacation plan
· Health and wellness programs / gym reimbursement
· Educational assistance up to $7,000 per year
· On-site self-service café / free gourmet coffee stations
· Company sponsored FUN events!
· On-site gym, ping-pong, foosball, outdoor bocce ball court, BBQ & firepit
· Generous product discounts
In the pursuit of product excellence, Fluidra takes its corporate values to heart. We implement these guiding principles in everything we do: passion for success, honesty & trust, customer collaboration, teamwork, learn and adapt, excellence and Innovation.
For a deeper dive in to our corporate culture, click here.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $1.00 - $2.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a remote Mobile Engineering Manager to join a next-gen company as a full-time permanent, internal employee. The Mobile Engineering Manager will support a worldwide crowdsourcing network and predictive analytics platform.

 Preferred Locations: DC, Seattle, San Francisco, New York

 Responsibilities of the Mobile Engineering Manager include:

 Shape the direction of the flagship applications enjoyed by a global network of millions of users in 100+ countries worldwide
 Mentor and guide professional and technical development of team members to further develop their careers and assign them to projects tailored to skill level, personality, work style, and professional goals
 Lead team of deliverables, run effective sprints, and work with team members to achieve their goals
 Support in setting short, mid, and long-term technical roadmap for team in collaboration with technical leads and the leadership team
 Participate in architectural design reviews, whiteboard discussions, and code reviews and support trading off technical debt versus the pace of progress

 Qualifications of the Mobile Engineering Manager Include:

 5+ years of experience in people management
 7+ years of experience in Mobile Engineering
 Familiar and comfortable with code and systems design
 Experience in building user facing software at scale
 Ability to effectively communicate technical problems and solutions at all levels from engineers to C-Level executives
 Proven ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations with only high-level direction
 Experience in delivering the short term while preparing for the long run
 Open to new and different ideas to evaluate multiple approaches and choose the best one based on principles

 Other (Preferred) Qualifications of the Mobile Engineering Manager:

 Experience in shipped production quality mobile, web, and backend software
 Thrive in managing geographically distributed teams
 Comfortable in ambiguity

 Compensation of the Mobile Engineering Manager:

 Salary Range: $180,000-220,000 plus bonuses **depending on experience**
 Full Standard Benefits: PTO, Paid Holidays, Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K, etc.


 Keywords: Android, android engineer, android software engineer, software engineer, software, Senior Android, Android manager, Mobile engineering manager, engineering manager, lead, leader, senior android engineer, android stack, android architecture, android architecture components, designers, product managers, tech stack, technology stack, peer review, modular code, unit testing, functional test coverage, user experience, code, data, crowdsourcing, crowd sourcing, flag ship, flagship, flagship application, android applications, android ecosystems, scalable code, amplitude, mixpanel, mix panel, google cloud, google, cloud end points, app engine, predictive analytics, agile, machine learning, AI, Artificial Intelligence, mobile engineering, c-level, c level executives, team, teams, collaborative


Are you passionate about working for a company who's mission is to serve children and those in need? Do you want your life's work to make a difference? Is programming for new AI an interest if so, then this role is for you. We are committed to having a diverse team!
Job Duties:

Collaborate with Product Management to scope and execute on product features while furthering values.
Focus on longevity of the codebase - notice and advocate for patterns that allow code to be flexible, scalable, and approachable to other engineers
Help our team move quickly and learn while maintaining a welcoming and supportive culture
Push our product so it continues to be a beautiful, yet intuitive and accessible interface for users from all walks of life
Build internal tools to help our technical account management team customize for individual child welfare agencies.
Maintain HIPAA compliance for sensitive data that is shared with us

Requirements:

At least 3-5 years of professional software engineering experience
A self-motivated, independent engineer who can own projects from inception to completion
Solid programming foundation in at least one programming language and experience with software development workflows (version control, testing, code review).
End-to-end experience building, shipping, and maintaining products
Growth mindset: excited to level up themselves and bring everyone else along for the ride
Sense of urgency: focus on making incremental progress and unblocking themselves and others.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Java, Python, React, and/or GraphQL experience a plus

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $210,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Python: 2 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
React: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Lead mobile developer
Location: Remote
Duration: Long term The ideal candidate will be responsible for the technical design and implementation of new products and enhancements. They will work in all phases of the development cycle: from concept to implementation.
Responsibilities

Perform full life-cycle development
Adhere to agreed upon delivery schedules
Utilizes source control, continuous integration, and unit testing best practices
Work cross-functionally to define and write code for new features

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science
10+ years experience in a related area
Experience with iOS and Android platforms
Should be able to manage a team

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $80.00 - $110.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Software Engineer
Putting the right location data, on the right map, for the right people, at the right time. That is how our work saves lives and protects property through Public Safety Location Intelligence™.
That may sound like a catchy tagline, but that is what we do working with leading-edge technologies and systems. Our team is looking for a top-quality Software Engineer to join us in building these vital capabilities.
About the roleYou have a unique opportunity to join a team that makes software solutions that truly make a difference. Successful candidates will demonstrate a passion for high-quality software, have strong engineering principles and systematic problem-solving skills.
The position is entirely remote, offers flexible schedules, generous benefits, and paid time off.

Design and develop software solutions
Participate in the collection of requirements, give estimations, and propose different approaches
Bring code quality and good practices, and perform deployment
Stay up-to-date with GIS software trends and emerging technologies

What we are looking for

3+ years of experience coding in Python and JavaScript
Experience with SQL databases, specifically PostgreSQL
Experience developing consumer-facing web or desktop applications
Highly flexible, independent thinking, and quick learning
Familiar with the development challenges inherent with highly scalable and available web applications
Knowledge of Agile software development methodologies and practices
Strong English communication skills, both verbal and written

What gives you an edge

A Bachelor's degree in a computer science-related field or Bachelor's degree along with solid and relevant experience
Experience with Geographical Information systems or geospatial data
Experience with open source technologies and containers

What you will do

Successfully delivery high quality web or desktop software solutions including requirements, code, and documentation on time and within scope
Contribute to development quality, including unit testing, peer review, and other quality activities as needed
Resolve defects/bugs during testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches
Assist with the technical requirements definition of backlog items and create technical documentation as needed
Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers in public safety
Follow industry best practices and development process
Commit to team success and positive team dynamics
Promote the Company, its Mission, Core Values, programs, and achievements to the public and other employees.

Core Values

Customer Commitment
Continuous Improvement and Innovation
Sense of Urgency
Teamwork
Empowered Accountability

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed.
Geo-Comm is an equal opportunity employer, and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, marital status, familial status, sexual orientation, veteran status, public assistance status, or any other status protected by applicable law.
Geo-Comm Corporation provides a drug-free working environment.
Location: 601 W St Germain, Saint Cloud, MN 56301
Job Type: Full-time
