


About the team Are you passionate about building a distributed online data access platform that improves one of life’s most stressful experiences: buying, selling or renting a home? Join a small and highly effective remote-first engineering team that provides seamless data access and technology to build imaginative and innovative ways to help current and future homeowners along their journey.
   Zillow Group is reimagining the way people buy, sell, and rent homes. Used more than any other local real estate platform, Zillow’s website and mobile apps provide vetted and verified listings, plus intuitive search tools and data-driven guides to help people unlock the opportunity of living here.
  
 About the role
 Zillow embraces daunting challenges like this one, and that's why we are looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer like you to help contribute to our success. We are a technology driven group that strives to build products that delight our users. We believe in autonomy and moving fast, so self-motivation and the energy to blaze trails are a must-have for this role.
 As a developer on this team you will:

 Enjoy an outstanding work-life balance!
 Give and receive frequent feedback, promoting a transparent and collaborative environment!
 Work at one of the most highly-rated workplaces, with the resources and stability of a large company but the growth potential and innovation of a small startup!
 Participate in the implementation of web services, operational workflows, and applications that serve as the foundation of the platform for teams across Zillow.
 Love building a product that people enjoy and rely on every single day
 Value how your users (both internal and external) interact and experience the software you write
 Practice operational excellence with a dedication to outstanding, reliable, and easy-to-maintain product

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are

 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 At least six years of full-time experience and very high proficiency programming in Java, C#, Ruby, Python, or JavaScript.
 Experience building and scaling resilient backend services.
 Dedication to great engineering demonstrated through depth and breadth of knowledge
 Collaborative working style with a strong focus on execution and results.
 Curious about new technologies and possess a growth mentality.
 Experience in an iterative approach to software development combined with the drive to move fast and think big
 Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.




About the team Finding your dream home is only the first step in the home-buying process. On the Zillow Mortgages team, we are building products to help educate and empower people through the process of financing their home. Do you want to make a huge impact on lots of real users' lives while working on a small, fast-moving, technology-forward team? If you answered yes, this is the role for you.
  
 About the role
 As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you’ll lead the delivery and ongoing support of projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:

 Contribute to the design of new features.
 Review the code of your peers
 Advocate for standard methodologies
 Facilitate engineering discussions
 Mentor junior engineers
 Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are
 Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you thrive on autonomy, seek out persistent problems, implement effective solutions quickly, and you are:

 A Software Development Engineer with 5+ years of experience with modern development technologies like ES6, React, Typescript that are used to deliver front-end user interfaces.
 Recognized as a technical leader on your team for several years and have an impact beyond your team.
 Passionate about setting standard methodologies and raising the bar for testing, code quality, and maintainability - not only for the team but for the entire engineering organization.
 Ready to improve your skills, solve complex engineering problems, and advance your career!
 Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.



Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






Your Job


    The Marketplace team is making it possible for our enterprise customers to seamlessly connect Indeed’s products to the other tools they use as part of their hiring workflow. Our goal is to remove the friction within our customers’ hiring stack so that they spend less time keeping systems in sync and more time hiring
  


 As a Senior Software Engineer on the Marketplace team, you will help build systems that bring together Indeed’s core platforms to the other third-party systems our customers use. This will include building and consuming APIs, data pipelines, and management tools to connect the dots within Indeed’s partner ecosystem. As a team that sits at the nexus between a diverse set of platforms, we value adaptable developers that can learn new things quickly.
  


 Requirements
  

 Minimum of a BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a closely related computer technical field
 5+ years experience programming with at least one of the following languages: Java, Ruby, Python
 Experience in full-stack web development
 Experience with data stores such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL
 Experience with automated testing and continuous delivery


 Who You Are


    We get excited about candidates who have:
  


 Experience with workflow frameworks such as AWS SWF, AWS Step Functions, Cadence, or Temporal
 Demonstrated use of Kafka, SQS, RabbitMQ, or other messaging frameworks
 Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot.


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine
  

 Reference ID: 33982

Disney Streaming Media Engineering builds the software and systems that prepare media content and metadata for the Disney Streaming platform - providing the best possible playback experience to our viewers.
Media Engineering handles audio, video, and metadata content from ingest through publish - for normalization, processing, and packaging - supporting operator tools and automation for a scalable workflow. We build logic across players and back-end services to measure, control, and optimize playback across our stack.
The Content Management Platform team is seeking a talented Software Engineer II with the drive to advance the technology backbone of Media Engineering. Our team is responsible for acquisition, management and distribution of content from over 1500 partners. We deliver the highest quality video to over a hundred million viewers, and we need your help to expand our systems and create new experiences. As part of this team, you will be responsible for the management of all descriptive metadata on the Content Management Platform. You will use AWS, Docker, Spinnaker, Kubernetes, frameworks such as Spring Boot and Django, and best practices in software engineering.
Responsibilities :

Design well-architected solutions and build iteratively into systems while maintaining the best agile practices
Understand and implement the best engineering practices to write well-constructed and easy to maintain code and write defensive and robust tests
Improve the content ingestion and management system APIs, publishing tools, and workflows; implement scalable and robust data engineering pipelines
Communicate status with peers and/or managers and present views and opinions respectfully. Collaborate to tackle problems in innovative and efficient new ways

Basic Qualifications :

Minimum 2 years of software development experience and proficiency in Java, Python, or similar
Expertise with core Computer Science fundamentals, including Object-Oriented programming, data structures and algorithms
Experience building systems in the Cloud (AWS)
Fundamental understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases including ACID and CAP, horizontally distributed computing, eventual consistency, messaging queues, and search indexes.
An enjoyment for going deep on performance tuning and a love of owning a problem end-to-end
A desire to relentlessly dive into problems and improve systems

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with the Spring Boot Framework
Experience designing and building large scale distributed systems with operational observability
Experience using continuous integration and deployment with regression, load and stress testing
Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning experience (Keras, Tensorflow)

Required Education :

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field) or equivalent work experience

Additional Information :

Location: Santa Monica, CA (preferred) or Remote

#DISNEYTECH
Software Engineer (Remote Available)
(US only, EST-PST)
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing home improvement companies in the country. Our success has allowed us to make significant investments in the business to further fuel our growth, including a tech-enabled, end-to-end customer experience platform. We are currently seeking key software engineers to join our dynamic and talented team who can help make our vision and digital transformation a reality. The ideal candidates are energized by building and creating, not just managing tickets. You will have the chance to develop a technology platform from the ground up, alongside a team of highly skilled and dedicated engineers. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow, learn and create with a data-driven, technology focused company that offers excellent compensation, exceptional benefits, and the ability to work remotely, we want to talk to you
Primary Responsibilities As a Software engineer, you will be responsible for building developing, designing, and maintaining a new greenfield frontend system for the enterprise. You will be working closely with our other Software engineers and team of backend developers. The first major project will be working on is a CPQ/ configurator application. · Understanding of UI/UX principles
· Creating highly visible responsive design patterns
· Full software lifecycle of application, from development to release.
· Write clear, maintainable, portable code.
· Build and maintain core components, pipelines, packages, plugins.
· Identifying and fixing code errors and app bottlenecks.
· Developing and building application updates
· Knowledge with issues of web performance, scalability, reliability, and maintainability
Skills
· BS in Computer Science or similar
· Rock solid understanding of modern HTTP application mechanisms, API-first approach, browsers, and servers; communication patterns
· Experience in Vue.js and supporting tools (Vuex, Vue Router, Loader)
· Deep knowledge of Modern ECMAScript including ES6+ features
· Library development experience using plain ES
· Basic CSS proficiency using plain CSS
· Experience building business applications with much data entry, validation, rules
· Experience consuming large API surface areas
· Experience in using Node.js, Webpack and Git
· Strong organizational skills with a good sense of design
· Good communication skills
Nice to have
· JavaScript visualization frameworks is a plus (THREE.js, Greensock animation platform, Pixi.JS)
· Working knowledge or some experience with either Unity development, .Net development or native iOS development
· Experience working with SQL and/or NoSQL databases
We Offer: 
· Competitive pay
· Medical, dental and vision insurance
· Disability insurance
· Health savings account with company contribution
· Health and dependent care flexible savings accounts
· Company-paid life insurance
· 401K with company contribution
· Telemedicine program
· Employee assistance plan
· Employee discount program
· Paid vacation
About Great Day Improvements, LLC
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing vertically integrated, direct-to-consumer providers of branded premium building products. Our popular brands include Patio Enclosures; Stanek Windows; Champion Windows & Home Exteriors; Universal Windows Direct; Apex Energy Solutions energy efficient windows and doors; and Hartshorn Custom Contracting pool enclosures and lanais. In the last 5 years, Great Day Improvements has grown ten times in size and footprint, expanding its workforce to over 2250 employees across 117 locations throughout the United States. The company has been named to REMODELING Magazine’s 550 List and Qualified Remodeler’s Top 500 List, and is among Inc. Magazine’s fastest growing private companies. Great Day Improvements has an excellent reputation with an A+ rating from the BBB and an overall Google rating of 4.5 with thousands of reviews. To learn more, visit www.patioenclosures.com, www.stanekwindows.com, www.championwindow.com, www.universalwindowsdirect.com, www.greatdayimprovements.com, www.hccscreens.com www.apexenergygroup.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

cnect is looking for a Front-End UI developer for our software engineering team. You will be responsible for user interface development on cnect’s flagship product and core features. Main responsibilities include: delivery of quality/smart code accurately reflecting product requirements, development in mono and poly repo environments using a repository pattern, developing and maintaining cross-platform SDKs, development and maintenance on UI design system, as well as having a good eye for detail and adherence to brand marketing guidelines and providing a rich enterprise-level user experience.
Qualifications:
Proven experience as a Front-End Angular2+ developer. Experience developing desktop and/or mobile applications, familiarity with common front-end technology stacks. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (Angular12, HTML, CSS/SASS(SCSS), TypeScript, NgRx). Familiarity with cloud-based NoSQL databases (Firestore), excellent communication, and teamwork skills. Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or relevant field
Job Responsibilities:
Development, deployment, monitoring, and maintenance of quality software on a high-traffic website(s). Developing highly reusable component-based code. Team code reviews - Writing, running, and maintaining automated testing on delivered code. Communicate effectively with management around drawbacks and advantages to design decisions, and working efficiently within an agile environment
Apply Today: https://candidate.cnect.jobs/#/landing/job/LlEQENGSYsY4a9647ze9_en-US
Full-time employees are eligible for medical, vision, dental, and long-term disability benefits 60 days into full-time employment. The company covers long-term disability at 100%, contributes 50% of your medical premium (with a maximum of $250 per month), and 0% to vision and dental. In addition, you will be eligible for our retirement savings plan benefit 90 days into full-time employment. Cnect will make employer contributions to your 401(k) up to 100% of contributions on the first 3% deferred.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.

We are looking for a Senior Backend Software Engineer to join our team! Our company is a subsidiary of the Digital Currency Group, and we’re working toward a common goal of empowering a decentralized infrastructure. Our team is passionate about the future of finance and is looking for other like-minded individuals who share in this vision. While we are inclusive and diverse in workforce and style, we all agree that digital assets will change the world.
Responsibilities

Develop and maintain the infrastructure of the mining and staking operations. This includes:
API server
Back-end software for managing Bitcoin wallet and automating transactions. This software interfaces with Bitcoin Core full nodes through the RPC protocol.
Ensure strong system security to protect funds in Bitcoin wallet.
Make sure payment and statistics servers are coded correctly and operating properly.
Ubuntu Linux system administration for servers running in Amazon AWS or colocation datacenter.
Write documentation on how to maintain and troubleshoot the system.
Remain in an on-call rotation with other engineers in the team to troubleshoot critical downtime.
Work closely with product owners, project managers, other development teams, DevOps and infrastructure teams.

About You:

5+ years professional experience in software engineering, software architecture, focused on backend development.
Bachelor's Degree preferred
Passionate about technology and interested in Bitcoin, blockchain, and tech entrepreneurship
Strong understanding of web services, API, databases, I18N, Kafka, and data analysis & reporting
Interest in researching topics related to digital assets, mining, and staking
Have a working knowledge of databases and monitoring and alerting systems
Self-starter, strong problem-solving skills, and ability to meet tight deadlines
Comfortable working in agile and lean project environments
Working knowledge of Bitcoin mining and/or interest to learn development
Preferred Qualifications; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Technical skills

Very strong Java programming skills (5+ years recent professional experience). Kotlin skills a big plus.
Ubuntu Linux system administration
REST/HTTP, JSON/XML, RPC
Database Operations (SQL, NoSQL, Redis)
Cloud servers such as Amazon AWS and Digital Ocean
Experience in operating mining, staking, or running validating node efforts
Microservices architecture
Git version control

What we offer:

The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive salary and benefits
Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.



1+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 Programming experience with at least one software programming language.

 Job summary Do you want to be part of a new engineering team that is building from the ground up at Amazon? Can you commit to building a new service with a high level of integrity and discretion in handling sensitive information? Do you have a passion for bringing the best experience to our customers? In this team you will have the opportunity to: Solve challenging problems at significant scale Work on innovative systems that are still in their beginning stages Be an actively contributing member of an agile development team, and have a large impact on the design, architecture, and implementation of a mission critical project Work in a start-up environment with the backing of a strong corporate support culture within Amazon We are looking for software developers with expertise and passion for building large scale distributed systems and services. In this role, you will have responsibility for: Building functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture and design Coding and testing complex system components Participating in code and design reviews to maintain our high development standards Overall system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performance Mentoring other engineers, defining our technical culture, and helping to build a new fast-growing team 
  Experience building complex software systems successfully delivered to customers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development lifecycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Write high quality code that is robust and easy to maintain Understanding of system performance and scaling Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Possess good communication skills, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skills Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features and technical designs Experience debugging, diagnosing, and trouble-shooting complex, production software is a plus Experience writing multi-threaded programs requiring concurrency and synchronization primitives is a plus Experience delivering and operating large scale, highly available distributed systems is a plus Masters or PhD in computer science preferred Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Data Systems Software Engineer
About Danger Devices
Danger Devices Inc. is a growing, fabless semiconductor start-up headquartered in San Jose,California. We aim to deliver best-in-class products to our customers with industry-leading design cycle times. We do that with our revolutionary, modernized approach focusing on software to increase productivity in all areas from integrated circuit design all the way to testing and data analysis.
Contribute to our industry leading team of circuit experts and software specialists. We are actively looking for software engineers to strengthen our team.
Logistics
Location(s):

Greensboro, NC
Remote (NC, CA, WA, other states negotiable)

Reports To:

Data Systems team lead

Types available:

Full-time
Internship (paid)

What you'll do at Danger Devices: 
Using skills and experience with software development and data analysis you will help to build an automated workflow of data from RFIC testdata to compliance reports, charts, and other means of analysis.
You will accomplish this through the following responsibilities:

Maintaining, supporting, and improving upon internal EDA plotting software tools
Automating the generation of product validation reports
Developing creative solutions for data analysis
Improving efficiencies from test data collection through analysis
Automating everything as possible, including DevOps activities, test data flow, etc
Working across several other teams and departments to improve data quality and flow
Jumping in and solving problems at various levels of product development
Other duties as deemed necessary by leadership

The skillset you'll bring to Danger Devices: 
A core value of the company is innovation - and we firmly believe that innovation can only occur when we're all willing to learn. You are an avid and curious learner with:

Software competence with Python, SQL, shell scripting and other languages/tools
Familiarity with data analysis methodologies
Excellent critical thinking skills
Preferred:
BS/MS in Computer Science, related discipline from accredited College or

University, or sufficient experience

Experience using Google BigQuery or other data warehousing solutions

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, Temporary, Internship
Pay: $60,000.00 - $145,204.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Application Question(s):

Are you interested in full-time or part-time/internship?

Experience:

Python: 1 year (Preferred)
data engineering/analysis: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


We are looking for a talented ReactJS developer to help us build out our product that ultimately will give customers a “dashboard” of their security posture and actionable insights on how to improve it. As a full-stack engineer, you’ll contribute to the front-end development of the product as well as have an opportunity to contribute to our Go backend.

 What You'll Be Doing


 Coding, coding, coding
 Actively participate in the software development planning process
 Ensure quality and ease of deployment by writing unit, integration, and end-to-end tests
 Collaborating with the rest of our team in California and across the globe (working primarily in PST)

 What We're Looking For


 2-4 years of experience in ReactJS
 Experience with Javascript, HTML, CSS
 Self-motivated individual that thrives in a dynamic environment
 Excellent communication skills, as this job is remote
 BS in Computer Science, or related technical field

  Equal Opportunity Employer

 Trustero is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, pregnancy, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.



Piper Companies is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join an east-coast based financial services firm on a team that operates 100% remotely. 


Responsibilities 

Accompany your senior level experience with our development team of four as you build out new applications and microservices for internal use. 
Work cross-functionally with other groups within the organization.
 Develop new features and improvements to our proprietary, custom-built products. 

Requirements: 

8+ years of software engineering experience 
Backend development experience with Java, Node.js and PL/SQL.
 Self-motivated and self-managing, with great organizational and communication skills.
 Experience managing Rest API’s leveraging Swagger toolset

 Compensation/Perks/Benefits:


 Salary: $150,000-$165,000 
Bonus: 12%-14% annual
 Benefits: Comprehensive benefit package; Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, PTO
 100% remote


 Keywords: software development, software engineer, java developer, java, spring, spring boot, rest, api, swagger, node, node.js, react, next.js, javascript, pl/sql, oracle, ci, cd, backend, microservices, fullstack, UI, remote, visa sponsorship, benefits, pto, 401k


C++ Developer
Remote
12 months
Rate: $40 - $45/hr on W2
Client: Sonata Software / Microsoft
Required Experience:
Strong implementation experience with C++ codeExperience in handling native code from Managed code and Vice versaGood experience in SQLX++ will be added advantageGood communication skills
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote
As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefitsWHAT IS BOX?
Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.

By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 98,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud.

WHY BOX NEEDS YOU

Box is growing fast. Real fast. Every business in the world is looking to modernize the way they work. As the leader in cloud content management, Box helps enterprises transform how people work together. We have the power to help our customers upload faster, be more creative, and get work done more efficiently. Every code iteration makes an impact, and together we will change the world.

In order to transform the way people and organizations work, we need to rapidly bring to market new products and features. Box is a lot more than just file storage, syncing, and sharing. Our product offers many features to companies that enable them to trust Box with their most sensitive content and make them productive within and outside their organization. In turn, Box Engineering needs to rapidly build critical business delivering applications that can power those products and features at scale.

Our Fullstack Engineering organization is made up of many different teams that you can join. Whether you enjoy working on building new tools and APIs to help users get their work done faster, or have a passion for building out enterprise products and features that are able to handle complex use-cases in a robust and easy-to-use way, we'll help find the right team for you and what you're interested in doing. As a whole, we have big ambitions and truly value impact, as well as tackling huge problems - if this excites you, then come join us!

We're looking for engineers who are passionate about owning and driving projects end-to-end, collaborating with stakeholders across the business, and delivering a delightful experience to our customers.
OUR APPS FOUNDATION TEAM
Our Apps Foundation Team is responsible for implementing features and architectural improvements that enable other teams to build web and mobile apps efficiently.
The goal of this team is to make feature development faster and easier across teams.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Work across organizational and team boundaries in order to drive decisions that align with our future architecture, product, and business goals.
Work on significant technology initiatives from inception to successful deployment, across multiple layers of architecture.
Build platforms and services that enable our application developers to focus on building awesome products and do their best work.
Write detailed technical documentation that can convey architectural and product details in a way that can be consumed by the various application teams that use them.
Make architectural improvements as well as maintain existing functionality in the legacy codebases.
WHO YOU ARE
Passionate about solving hard problems using data-driven solutions
You like to be an owner and strive to do work you're proud of, both technically and in your team interactions
Inspire other people to work with you, and enjoy mentoring, coaching, and learning from other engineers
Understand the importance of balancing security, performance, and usability
Passionate about building delightful customer-facing experiences.
Excitement toward web architectures, spanning front-end and back-end layers
Experience decomposing monolithic applications into service oriented architectures
Deep understanding of algorithms, data structures and software design
Knowledge of any modern object-oriented or functional programming language, such as: Java, Scala, PHP, JavaScript, React Node.js, etc
2-3+ years of experience, with a Bachelors Degree (in CS) or equivalent
Remote friendly

WANT TO LEARN MORE?
Immerse yourself in the Box Platform: Create a developer account at developer.box.com
Box Engineers share on opensource.box.com
Get under the hood, comment on your favorite architecture deep-dive at tech.blog.box.com
Grab a free account and make your content more valuable: Hit us up at box.com
And check out some of the work our specific teams have done:
"Security: Access Controls and Visibility" and "Security: Governance and Compliance"
More info on Governance
For information about Box Tasks and Automations, check out the announcement and demo from BoxWorks 2018
And read more on streamlining collaborative work with Box Tasks and Automations
BENEFITS
Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting healthcare benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box
For all other benefits, please check out: Box Benefits + Perks
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, and any other protected ground of discrimination under applicable human rights legislation. Box strives to respect the dignity and ‎‎independence of people with disabilities and is committed to giving them the same ‎‎opportunity to succeed as all other employees. Accommodations are available ‎throughout ‎the application process and an employee's employment at Box.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
To promote the health and safety of all Boxers and our communities, in order to "Go to Work" at Box in the U.S., you must be Fully Vaccinated or have an approved accommodation. "Go(ing) to Work" at Box is defined as visiting a Box office, facility, or co-working site, visiting or meeting in person with fellow Boxers, Box clients and/or customers, vendors, or partners, engaging in business travel, and or participating in any Box-sponsored and/or related activity where others are present. If you are fully remote and do not "Go to Work," the vaccination requirement is not applicable. "Fully Vaccinated" means that an individual is at least two weeks past their final dose of an authorized COVID-19 vaccine regimen. If you are unable to get a vaccine due to a medical condition, a sincerely-held religious belief or another legally recognized reason, Box will consider requests for an accommodation.
For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.
Notice to applicants in San Francisco: Box, Inc and its related branches will consider for employment, qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chair Ordinance. The Fair Chance Ordinance is provided here.

About Buildout
 In 2010 Buildout pioneered commercial real estate (CRE) marketing automation. Today, with over 35,000 brokers and with 12 of the top 20 brokerages counted as customers, Buildout continues to be the leader in CRE marketing automation in addition to recently launching valuable, integrated back-office workflow and customer relationship management (CRM) solutions. Developed in close collaboration with our customers, Buildout allows brokerages to bring their expertise to every stage of their deals all from within one platform. Our vision is that CRE dealmaking will be tech-powered, but human-led. Ask us about our company meetings for an example, and learn more about who we are, what we do, and why we're changing the face of CRE tech on our website: https://buildout.com/.
 The Opportunity
 Headquartered in Chicago with employees distributed across the country, we're a fast-growing tech company that achieves our vision through our commitment to our Team, our Customers, our Product, and the continuous pursuit of Quality. It is our intention to create exceptional, easy to use, high quality products that lead the Commercial Real Estate industry into the future and delight our customers.
 To achieve these intentions, our software teams work closely with their product team members to build and improve our industry-leading commercial real estate CRM products. We are looking for someone to:

Create the next generation of CRM software within Commercial Real Estate
Build and maintain elegant and easy-to-use integrations between our marketing platform and existing CRM options (Rethink, Apto, Lite CRM)

How You'll Contribute at Buildout

Consistently and quickly build and launch excellent software by:
Understanding our customers and their needs Engineering elegant and practical solutions Iterating on and polishing your work to meet the standards for Buildout Quality 
Help your team lead break large projects and requirements into smaller components and estimate that work so everyone can easily work on them. Long, costly and wasteful IPMs are not encouraged here.
Work with your team's Product Manager and UX Designer to ensure everyone is on the same page and the user experience is consistently great
Coach and mentor your more junior team mates by performing thorough and timely code reviews, pairing on difficult issues to share knowledge and drive accountability, and delivery excellent software on a timely basis to lead by example
Set and achieve Buildout sponsored personal and professional goals with your team lead and the VP of Engineering

What You'll Bring to Buildout

2+ years of product software development experience within a SaaS company, or the ability to demonstrate you've learned enough in less time to still be a great engineer and valuable team member
Solid cross-team and cross-functional communication skills
A love of software engineering, design, documentation, testing, and automation
Pluses, but not required:
Commercial Real Estate experience Cool personal projects you'd like to share and chat about 

What are the technical skills that you'll need to succeed?
 We are looking for a full-stack engineer. However, "full-stack" can mean a lot these days, so here is what we're looking for specifically:
 Ruby/Rails: We're a Ruby shop here at Buildout, so a deep knowledge of Rails is going to help you get up and running quickly. Our app uses all of the standard Rails goodness you know and love, as well as a lot of additional tools for design, business logic, and background jobs. If you like to learn new skills, you're going to fit in really well.
 Javascript: Our front-end relies heavily on Javascript. We currently have a mix of core features written using vanilla ES5 and React, but are focusing on ES6 and React for all future front-end work. We are looking for people with a strong working Javascript base who want to keep finding and working with the best new tools.
 Testing: Is testing a natural part of your process? If so, you'll be appreciated here. We are actively building out our test suite and providing ample team resources to make sure that everything we create is tested and rock-solid. Our test suite uses RSpec for most of our Rails work.
 Other Web Tech: We use git for source control, Slim for our view templates, lightly customized Bootstrap for our CSS, MySQL and AWS. If you're really passionate about some new technology, we'd love to hear about it.

 We know there are great candidates who won't check all of these boxes, and we also know you might bring important skills that we haven't considered. If that's you, don't hesitate to apply and tell us about yourself.
 We are based in Chicago, but this is a remote-friendly role open across most of the US.  The salary range for this position is $96,000 to $131,000.


 Perks & Benefits
 We built a benefits program to match the quality of our team. This program includes:

Impactful insurance and benefit options, including covering 100% of employee health insurance premiums, FSA plan, STD, LTD, life insurance, and telemedicine
Policies that support a healthy work/life balance, including generous PTO, paid parental leave, and give back days
401(k) with 4% company match and immediate vesting
An office in Chicago for those who prefer an office setting, plus a monthly remote work reimbursement
Challenging problems to solve with a committed and supportive team who are invested in your growth and development
A wonderfully quirky culture where you're encouraged to bring your whole self to work



 Buildout is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, marital status, order of protection status, citizenship status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
 If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@buildout.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information and we will consider your request.
 Below, you will be asked to complete identity information for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). It is required by law that we ask these questions using the format provided by the EEOC. However, we want you to know that at Buildout, we understand that gender is not binary and welcome people of all identities.
 For more information about our privacy practices please visit our Privacy Policy. California residents have additional rights and should review the Additional Disclosures for California Residents section in our Privacy Policy.



NIKSUN is the recognized worldwide leader in making the Unknown Known, by using next generation technology that revolutionizes the way networks and services are secured, protected, and managed. The company develops and deploys a complete range of award-winning forensics, compliance, security surveillance and performance management solutions for applications ranging from core infrastructures to edge and branch environments.
Key Responsibilities:

Implementing, debugging and unit testing on new and existing product applications.
Design and develop data-driven architecture using SOA design pattern for NIKSUN products
Follows requirements produced by Product Management and design specifications outlined by senior team members.
Supports product deployment lifecycle and maintenance.
Supports QA phase of the Software Development Life Cycle

Required Qualifications:

7+ years of experience in software design and development utilizing core Java and Web Services
Strong interpersonal and communication skills; Independent problem solving; self-motivated
Experience in developing, deploying, and/or administering Containers/Docker (or similar technologies) based applications and/or services architectures.
Expert knowledge of Spring, Hibernate and JAXB

Desired Qualifications

Working knowledge of SQL and the ability to write SQL queries and procedures
Familiarity with unit testing and integration testing procedures
Experience with Eclipse IDE and/or other integrated development environments.

Educational Requirements:

BS degree or higher in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering required.

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Java: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Who We Are: Born and bred in New York City, LeagueApps is the operating system and community for youth and local sports leaders—providing them with the technology and professional network they need to succeed. A fast-growing, venture-backed company, we power thousands of clubs, tournaments, leagues, camps, and facilities with a platform that reaches more than 10 million participants nationwide.We're committed to our mission—creating amazing sports experiences for all. Through our FundPlay program, we donate a percentage of every dollar spent on our platform back to the communities and families that need it. Our goal is to impact 500,000 underserved athletes by 2022. Beyond FundPlay, we advocate for accessibility and equity through PLAYS, a movement we helped launch and lead to mobilize the industry in spring 2020, and by creating awareness around the systemic issues that keep kids on the bench. (You can listen to our President discussing this during a recent event with Axios as part of their Hard Truths Deep Dives content series.)Role Mission: The LeagueApps team is seeking an experienced Front End Engineer to help us launch a new suite of web applications for Registration. The Registration Team owns the end-to-end experience of creating and setting up programs for an Organization, for parents, players and coaches to register.What You'll Do: 

Work with Product Management and other stakeholders (Backend, UX, etc.) to iterate on new features.
Craft code that meets our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment. Maintain and advocate for these standards through code review.
Consistently ship small features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other team members. Collaborate with the team on larger projects.
Help improve the overall experience of our product through improving the quality of the front-end features, both in your domain and features that benefit other groups.
Fix prioritized issues and provide troubleshooting and escalated technical support to production features that involve UI / front-end.
Develop test cases for cross-browser testing and assist in the QA Engineering process.

Who You Are: 

An experienced Engineer with React or other modern JavaScript web framework (Angular, Ember, etc)
Experience with writing automated tests (eg. Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Mocha, AVA, tape)
A solid understanding of semantic HTML, CSS, and core JavaScript concepts
A clear communicator with capacity to concisely communicate complex technical, architectural, and/or organizational problems and propose thorough iterative solutions
A problem solver with a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent performance and optimization issues

Compensation & Benefits: 

Equity Grants: Every employee is an owner in our Company
Health Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision coverage, HSA
Commuter Benefits
Home-Office Stipend
Sports Leagues subsidies for employees and their children
Cell phone and gym subsidies (including Class Pass, Citi Bike, and New York Sports Club)
Mental Health Resources; Talk Space and Calm
Social impact opportunities through our FundPlay initiative that includes events, volunteering and grant-making

LeagueApps is an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We are committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable organization, and to helping youth sports organizers across the country do the same.The duties listed are not exclusive and other duties may be assigned as needed or desired by the employer to meet business needs. The employer reserves the right to change, add to or eliminate positions as it deems appropriate. Your employment will be at-will, meaning you or LeagueApps Inc. may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause or advance notice, for any reason.#LI-Remote
Job Type: Full-time


  Description: 
   Are you ready to join a dynamic team that is breaking down barriers?

 Our mission at York Solutions is to positively impact the lives of everyone that crosses our path.
 With over 25 years of experience, we are a veteran-owned IT consulting firm that uses a non-transactional, value-based approach to provide clients with custom workforce solutions to achieve business, technology, and operational goals. Using a strategic partnership approach with our clients, York Solutions focuses on fostering a long-term, trust-based relationship.
 Due to exploding demand we are looking for Full Stack Software Developer Technical Trainer to join our Barriers to Entry program (B2E). The Barriers to Entry Technical Training Program is a key product offered by York Solutions. The program is committed to provide a career path into technology for our candidates. In addition to being part of this fantastic organization, you will have the opportunity to change lives in a very tangible way. We are looking for a Full Stack Software Developer Trainer with 2-5 years relevant experience who also has a passion for developing skills in others. . Requirements: 
   Position Responsibilities:

 Provide direct technical guidance and leadership to current apprentice and placed B2E graduates to help them succeed as new software developers with our clients
 Quickly acquire new technology skills to a level sufficient to teach others
 Lead online learning sessions in targeted technologies and development tools as needed
 Partner with the lead engineer to execute, build and customize technical training curriculum according to organizational requirements
 Provide effective mentoring to associates as they learn technologies and development skills
 Stay in tune with current technology trends
 Observe and evaluate results of training programs
 Partner with B2E leadership to determine overall effectiveness of programs and make improvements

 York is Looking for:

 Skilled in coaching and mentoring entry level developers
 Outstanding communication skills and comfortable speaking to large groups
 Excellent organizational and time-management abilities
 Full Stack developer skill set with current software development experience
 2- 5 years of professional software development experience
 Desire to improve the lives of others and support new developer as they grow their skills
 Bachelor degree preferred

 Preferred Technical Skills and Experience :

 Java, specifically Spring Boot
 React / Node.js for frontend development
 REST, both as a client and a server
 Cloud Service environments, AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud
 NoSQL database
 Agile SCRUM Methodology


 York Offers:

 Competitive compensation including base salary and bonus
 Generous paid time-off and Holidays
 Medical, dental, vision, long-term disability and pet insurance
 Paid Maternity and Paternity Leave
 401(k) with discretionary company match
 Phone reimbursement
 Health & Wellness allowance
 Flexible work environment with remote working opportunity
 Strong fun and teamwork environment
 Learning, development, and career growth

 To learn more about our company, please visit: www.yorksolutions.net
 York Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.
 We welcome people of all abilities and want to ensure that our hiring and interview process meets the needs of all applicants. If you require reasonable accommodation to make your application or interview experience a great one, please just let us know.




About Us:



 Target is an iconic brand, a Fortune 50 company and one of America’s leading retailers. Target as a tech company? Absolutely. We’re the behind-the-scenes powerhouse that fuels Target’s passion and commitment to cutting-edge innovation. We anchor every facet of one of the world’s best-loved retailers with a strong technology framework that relies on the latest tools and technologies—and the brightest people—to deliver incredible value to guests online and in stores. Target Tech is on a mission to offer the systems, tools and support that guests and team members need and deserve. Our high-performing teams balance independence with collaboration, and we pride ourselves on being versatile, agile, and creative. We drive industry-leading technologies in support of every angle of the business, and help ensure that Target operates smoothly, securely, and reliably from the inside out.



 Capacity Planning & Management team is part of a team built to deliver robust Decision Support Systems for our Cloud & Compute platform. We are a highly dynamic, cross functional team that works across Infrastructure teams to enable our Capacity as a service, a force multiplier for Targets hardware capacity. We are looking for highly motivated engineering professionals who can help connect the dots of end-to-end capacity metrics, enabling our platform teams to get insights and recommendations to maximize their compute infrastructure. You will put your skills, experience, and passion to work in an entrepreneurial environment where success is rewarded. Individuals in this role will have opportunities to gain a large breadth of knowledge by working with experts in core infrastructure services and product development and share their knowledge with a tech hungry team.



 Use your skills, experience, and talents to be a part of this team.



 As a Sotware (Capacity) Engineer, you will:




 Build and enhance your Software Development skill set
 Develop knowledge and understanding of Target’s Compute(cloud) & Storage platforms
 Utilize key capacity data to build out forecasting, identify trend/anomalies in our use of infrastructure.
 Build knowledge on our capacity planning processes and key components, establishing strong partnerships within infrastructure
 Automate resource capacity management in the following areas: planning, allocation, accounting and utilization






 Develop analytic tools to infer capacity utilization, resource usage patterns, and forecast future growth
 Partner with Performance & Efficiency Engineering, Data Center Operations, Network Engineering, Storage, High Performance Computing, Hardware Engineering, Systems & Tooling teams to find the optimal way to assess and leverage our core compute infrastructure usage.
 Promote software engineering best practices and develop consistent, scalable patterns.
 Consult with principal engineers, lead engineers and developers across numerous products/service groups to design robust capacity management program.
 Display good problem-solving skills to help the team in influencing Target’s capacity management program. Leverage your expertise in eliminating repeat occurrences and improve the reliability of our services, reducing labor, & improving costs.






 Establish new standards and best practices to monitor, test, automate, and maintain software components or systems.




 About You:



 4-year degree or equivalent experience






 1+ years of software development and/or compute (cloud) experience
 Demonstrates familiarity with current and emerging technologies in the compute/cloud space
 Demonstrates proficiency in at least one computer language
 Enthusiastic about the intersection between software and compute(cloud) platforms, emphasizing how to use scripting, virtualization, and automation
 Enjoys working within a team of engineers in a collaborative environment






 Stays current with new and evolving technologies via formal training and self-directed education




 Preferred Qualifications:



 Coding experience in python, Java or Golang
 Familiarity with infrastructure aspects of compute (cloud) & storage






 Familiarity with CI/CD technologies such as GIT, Drone, Docker, Artifactory


 This position may be considered for a Full-Time Remote or Hybrid work arrangement based on Target’s needs. A Hybrid work arrangement means the team members core role will be a blend of virtual and onsite at a Target location. A Full-Time Remote work arrangement means the team member works full-time from home or an alternate location that’s not a Target location, does not have a desk at their primary HQ work location and may travel to HQ up to 4 times a year.

 Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada residents is $64,600-$116,300. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, Target cares about and invests in you as a team member, so that you can take care of yourself and your family. Find competitive benefits from financial and education to well-being and beyond.



 Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)

 Target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. If you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest Target store or Distribution Center or reach out to Guest Services at 1-800-440-0680 for additional information.
 Qualifications:
 
Welcome to Allscripts! Our Mission is to be the most trusted provider of innovative solutions that empower all stakeholders across the healthcare continuum to deliver world-class outcomes. Our Vision is a Connected Community of Health that spans continents and borders. With the largest community of clients in healthcare, Allscripts is able to deliver an integrated platform of clinical, financial, connectivity and information solutions to facilitate enhanced collaboration and exchange of critical patient information.
FollowMyHealth is helping millions of patients take charge of their health by connecting to their doctor in a whole new way. By offering the most comprehensive and integrated enterprise and mobile patient engagement platform on the market, innovative providers are significantly improving the patient experience and driving digital transformation at their organizations. We believe taking care of your health works best when you are in an open, connected community with your doctor, and FollowMyHealth makes it easy to do just that in a secure, mobile-friendly application.

Why work for us? This isn't your typical corporate job. With the culture of a startup and the security of a publicly traded company, every person plays an integral role in mission-critical work. When you work for us, we'll help you grow your skills and knowledge while working with the most talented people of your career.

The primary purpose of this role is to Perform Coding, Testing, Documentation in the areas of Development and Maintenance.

Responsibilities:

Coding, Testing, Documentation in the areas of Development and Maintenance
Ownership of assigned software and non-software deliverables
Liaison with Business Analysts and/or internal customers to ensure that requirements are understood
Production, preparation and execution of unit test plans
Production of efficient and fully documented code
Production of supporting technical and installation documentation for internal and external publication
Achievement of agreed productivity targets in order to ensure developments are delivered within budget, to schedule and to defined quality standards
Completion of all necessary software and non-software components in the timescales as defined by the Project Manager. Quality and adherence to Standards
Tech Specs, Code and/or Unit Test Plans produced are all in line with the Traceability Matrix/Functional Specification
Timely and accurate reporting of project status as required by Line or Project Manager
Escalate all issues in a timely fashion


Qualifications:

Academic and professional qualifications:

Bachelors degree in a relevant program of study


Experience:

2-5 years' experience in development
Experience with object oriented design and development
Knowledge of the software development lifecycle
Skills using .NET Framework 4.0 or higher
Experience with C# is desired
Experience with HTML and JavaScript is plus
Experience with major DBMS tools – SQL Server desired
Ability to adapt quickly to changing needs & requirements
Experience with MS Azure is a huge bonus!

Core Skills:

C# .Net
.Net Core
HTML
Javascript/Typescript
CSS
Web application development
Version control systems (GIT)
Distributed system development
Microservice architecture

Bonus Skills:

Angular
Angular.js
Knockout.js
Enterprise level application development
Cloud application development (Microsoft Azure preferred)

Travel Requirements:

Very little to no travel is required in this role

Working Arrangements:

Monday through Friday or as defined by local requirements

Must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccine by date of hire to be considered for employment with Allscripts.

Visa Sponsorship is not offered for this position.

At Allscripts, our greatest strength comes from bringing together talented people with diverse perspectives to support the technology needs of 180,000 physicians, 1,500 hospitals and 10,000 postacute organizations across the globe. Allscripts offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package, including holidays, vacation, medical, dental, and vision insurance, company paid life insurance and retirement savings.

Allscripts' policy is to provide equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in all of its employment practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, age, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category. Applicants for North American based positions with Allscripts must be legally authorized to work in the United States or Canada. Verification of employment eligibility will be required as a condition of hire. Allscripts is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to pursing and hiring a diverse and inclusive workforce.

From a "VEVRAA Federal Contractor" We request Priority Referral of Protected Veterans

This is an official Allscripts Job posting. To avoid identity theft, please only consider applying to jobs posted on our official corporate site.

Thank you for reviewing this Allscripts opportunity! Does this look like a great match for your skill set? If so, scroll on down and tell us more about yourself!
Looking for a SRE (Site Reliability Engineer) consultant with several years of experience helping clients grow the maturity of Site Reliability. They are looking for someone who can come in and help define their SRE strategy and mentor their new SRE and development teams. This SRE Consultant should be experienced with Python.  However, any type of scripting language is acceptable. Their performance tools used today are Dynatrace and Splunk - candidates need to be an expert using at least one.
Required Skills: 

Must have strong experience as a Site Reliability Engineer
Experience building out SRE teams and strategies
Strong scripting language experience (ideally Python)
Experience working with Dynatrace and/or Splunk
Experience working with configuration management tools (Gitlab)
Professional software development experience in building scalable applications.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of working in AWS environments & services
Familiarity with networking, security, and cloud engineering concepts
Experience supporting infrastructure for large multi-services applications.
Experience with Performance tools
Working knowledge of databases
Ability to develop and maintain environment documentation and support procedures
Knowledge of technology project and secure coding standards
SRE experience on the on-premise and cloud technologies
Experience with Terraform
Collaborate with partners to define and execute SRE vision.
Designed effective monitoring solutions to help identify and escalate systemic issues.
Experience with REST API's and webservice solutions is a distinct advantage.

Desired Skills: 

Any experience working as a Team Lead would be highly desired

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Site Reliability Engineer: 6 years (Preferred)
Python: 10 years (Preferred)
Dynatrace and/or Splunk: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +17322424642
Piper Companies is seeking a qualified Senior Frontend Engineer to join a great team with a growing computer and network security company on a REMOTE basis. The Senior Frontend Engineer will be tasked with bridging the gap between design and development and collaborating with multiple teams to bring products to life. This role plays a critical role in taking the platform to the next phase in its evolution.
Responsibilities of the Senior Frontend Engineer:
Proactively contribute ideas for new features, as well as identify areas for improvement
Design, test, and deploy new web services and customer-facing interfaces
Design internal tools to be used in the support, sales, customer success, and operations
Develop and implement automated tests to ensure the quality and ongoing reliability
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support engineering projects
Proactively participate in and improve our development process (CI/CD, backlog refinement, code reviews, monitoring)
Own entire feature sets: definition, design, and development
Assist in building the core frontend infrastructure for our engineering team
Qualifications of the Senior Frontend Engineer:
5+ years of industry experience as a Frontend or Full Stack developer
Expert in JavaScript, CSS, HTML, React and Redux
Strong in Node.js and Express.js
Experience in data visualization (D3)
Experience with the latest frontend skills, such as Accessibility, Flexbox, ES6, WebSockets, etc.
Experience with responsive and reactive design
Ability to convert a design document into a working user interface
Knowledge of APIs and relational database systems
Compensation for the Senior Frontend Engineer:
$100-160,000
Excellent compensation package: healthcare, dental, vision, life insurance, 401k, and equity in the company
6 weeks PTO (3 weeks company stand down)
Keywords: Frontend, Front-end, Full Stack, data visualization, user interface, UI, UX, full stack, Javascript, HTML, CSS, React, Reactjs, Redux, Node.js, Typescript, Python, GraphQL, D3 and/or popular charting packages, APIS, equity, start up, start-up, cyber security, network security

Piper Enterprise Solutions is searching for a DevOps Engineer for a client in the financial services and technology industry. This is a 100% remote position.

 Responsibilities for the DevOps Engineer:

 Responsible for the monitoring and maintenance of cloud-based production infrastructure from continuous deployment to monthly process management
 Develop, design, and implement cloud modernization solutions

 Qualifications for the DevOps Engineer: 

1+ years’ experience working in Cloud operations or a similar role
 2+ years’ experience with infrastructure as a service automation (CloudFormation, Terraform)
 Experience with CI/CD tools such as Teamcity or Jenkins
 Working knowledge of AWS, with the ability to implement interactions (SDK, API, Command Line Interface, etc.)
 Automation experience using bash, python, powershell, scripting
 Some knowledge and experience with SQL, C#, VB is ideal
 Strong communication and organizational skills

 Compensation/Benefits for the DevOps Engineer:

 100% Remote
 $70-$76/hr W2, Contract-To-Hire ($120,000-$133,000 conversion)
 Comprehensive benefit package; Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k

 Keywords: devops, engineer, software engineer, automation, cloud, aws, azure, powershell, sql server, nosql, scripting, python, bash, teamcity, Jenkins, docker, Kubernetes, containers, ci/cd, snowflake, elasticsearch, elasticity, .net, developer, scalability concepts, aws sdk, aws api, command line interface, cloudformation, terraform, git, restful web services, cloud operations, cloud engineer, cloud solutions, cloud automation, xml, json, csa, rdna, integration, monitoring, applications, production, deployment, java, c#, sql, vb, distributed systems, windows, linux, encryption, ssh, r, remote, work from home, medical, dental, vision, benefits



Rootine is a mission-driven digital health startup focused on optimizing health and human performance through precision nutrition. Rootine unlocks total body health and supports common health conditions like fatigue, stress, brain fog and more through at-home lab testing, precision nutrition products, in-app tracking, and community. Cellular nutrition is core to health and we are building the only precise, end-to-end solution to optimize cellular nutrition.
 Entrepreneurship is not taught in college. Your formal education doesn't prepare you for the reality of starting and running a business. By working at Rootine you will have full access to see how a successful startup is run. We are tackling a massive market with strong tailwinds and are backed by top investors from around the globe.

 What We Are Looking For
 We’re looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer who is excited to build at the forefront of precision nutrition and use creativity to help us improve the health and daily performance of millions across the globe. You will play an important role in building products that inform and delight customers while empowering them to leverage their personal health data to achieve optimal health.
 As a very early member of a small team, you will have the opportunity to take ownership over a core application. You’ll work with the Head of Engineering directly to scope projects, architect, build and deploy new features and services. The right person for this role is a dynamic resource, skilled in executing familiar and unfamiliar tasks that is ready to take on a significant, high impact role on a small team.

 What You'll Do

 Work with the product team to build components end to end on a new customer facing web app using React JS & Typescript
 Work with the customer teams to build a new internal web app for managing internal customer operations using React JS & Typescript
 Build a new private API using Fast API in Python
 Build & maintain integrations with 3rd party vendors
 Assist in frontend development of the e-commerce website as needed


 Who You Are:

 You have~ 3 years experience as a Full Stack Engineer working in teams on a software product using React + Typescript and Python
 You have proven experience building production ready, customer facing web applications
 You have previous experience designing and deploying APIs
 You have previous experience with data modeling
 You have Strong sql skills

 Location Base: Remote
 Compensation: Competitive Salary + Equity Potential for Right Candidate
 Manager: Report to Head of Engineering

 How to Apply
 Interested? Apply here or
 Email rick@rootine.co with subject line Full Stack Mid level Software Engineer
 Rootine provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
 This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.




   About Fisker Inc.
  


    California-based Fisker Inc. is revolutionizing the automotive industry by developing the most emotionally desirable and eco-friendly electric vehicles on Earth. Passionately driven by a vision of a clean future for all, the company is on a mission to become the No. 1 e-mobility service provider with the world’s most sustainable vehicles. To learn more, visit 
   
    www.FiskerInc.com
    – and enjoy exclusive content across Fisker’s social media channels: 
   
    Facebook
   , 
   
    Instagram
   , 
   
    Twitter
   , 
   
    YouTube
    and 
   
    LinkedIn
   . Download the revolutionary new Fisker mobile app from the 
   
    App Store
    or 
   
    Google Play
    store.
  

    Role Overview
  

    You will be at the forefront of technology, building the electronics foundation which will power Fisker’s leading-edge premium digital experience for our customers, both inside and outside of the car. You will play a key role in creating Fisker’s custom electronics and system-level software, designed to the highest standards and with unmatched performance. Your hardware and software will enable features currently unavailable to drivers and passengers, making our cars truly unique.
  

    Skills & Experience
  

 Experience in automotive embedded hardware development
 Good understanding in Analog and Digital communication
 Experience working with vehicle network architectures and protocols, such as CAN, LIN and automotive based Ethernet
 Knowledge of automotive standards including ISO 26262, ISO 21434/24089, ISO 9001, AEC Q100/101
 Experience designing to tight power, heat dissipation, EMC, reliability, and cost requirements
 Able to work hands-on with electro-mechanical components and test tools in a vehicle-based environment including multimeters, oscilloscopes, power analyzers, spectrum analyzers, logic analyzers, programmable power supplies
 Experience working with external suppliers and other partners to define system requirements, work through technical issues, and ensure successful delivery of embedded systems components
 Creative problem solver


    Qualifications
  

 BS or MS in Electrical Engineering or other Engineering discipline
 4+ years relevant professional experience
 Understanding of electro-mechanical and hardware systems
 Open minded to learning new systems and methodologies
 Able to work independently in a fast-paced start-up environment
 Proficient with Jira/Confluence/Jama or other similar tools
 Ability to create strong working relationships within cross-functional teams
 Proficient in troubleshooting complex systems.


    Fisker Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment at Fisker Inc. is governed based on merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
  

    Applicants wishing to view a copy of Fisker Inc.’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department
  

    #LI-remote
  

    #zip
  


We are looking for a remote Embeeded Senior Firmware Engineer to join our Engineering team.. This person will design, write and modify firmware for embedded control applications using C computer language relating to New Product Development. If this sounds right up your alley, we’d love to talk to you!
WHY WORK FOR FLUIDRA?
We are a leader in the global pool industry. Our portfolio includes some of the most trusted brands; we offer our customers an expansive array of products across both the residential and commercial pool and wellness markets; and we have strong geographical footprint with operations in over 45 countries. With our merger with Zodiac, we now have over 5,500 employees and the combined resources to accelerate innovation in critical areas like energy-efficiency, robotics and the Internet of Things.
We are guided by clear values and come to work every day with a simple and direct mission in mind: To create the perfect pool and wellness experience. By staying focused on this mission, we will create value for all our stakeholders–customers, pool owners, investors and employees.
We own a portfolio of some of the industry’s most recognized and trusted brands, including Jandy®, AstralPool®, Polaris®, Cepex®, Zodiac®, CTX Professional® and Gre®.
WHAT YOU WILL CONTRIBUTE 
The Senior Firmware Engineer writes firmware for New Product Development, and also provides Sustaining Engineering support to existing products. Additionally, you will:
· Designs, writes, and modifies firmware for embedded control applications using C computer language.
· Prepares all required product documentation.
· Provides support in addressing production and warranty issues concerning current products.
· Takes the technical lead in the redesign of existing products to meet revised requirements.
· Combines broad knowledge of design skills, engineering principles, manufacturing techniques, and analytical skills to address field problems and proposes corrective actions.
· Writes reports, conducts evaluations, and analyzes data.
· Responsible for following quality system procedures. Assists in procedure development when required. Ensures product quality and take appropriate action when non-conformances are identified. Keeps accurate records as required.
· Provides support to Production.
WHAT WE SEEK
· 5+ years of experience in the design and maintenance of embedded control firmware. Prefer experience and involvement in all facets and phases of product development from inception to production, and obsolescence.
· Experience with the following components and systems:
o Micro-controllers (preferably ARM, AVR, 8051 and PIC microprocessors) and their associated development tools (IDE, compiler, assembler, etc.).
o C computer language programming. Familiarity with Assembly language.
o serial communications (RS-485, I2C, SPI, etc.)
o sensors and transducers (temperature, pressure, etc.)
o keypads (membrane, discrete, matrices, etc.)
o analog-to-digital conversion
o displays (LED, LCD, VFD, 7-segment, alphanumeric, graphical)
o peripheral drivers (indicators, relays, triacs, etc.)
o power supplies and batteries
· Experience in the design and manufacture of electronic assemblies and their application to consumer products.
· Familiarity with Embedded Linux is a big plus.
· Familiarity with AWS IoT Greengrass and associated AWS Services is a big plus.
· Familiarity with requirements of safety agencies (UL, CSA, CE, etc.).
· Familiarity with requirements of safety agencies (UL, CSA, CE, etc.).
· Ability to use sophisticated electronic test equipment.
· Ability to use office and technical software applications.
· Ability to communicate effectively with technicians, colleagues, management, and vendors.
· Ability to work effectively independently or in a team environment.
· Strong mechanical aptitude.
· As a key member of the Electronics Engineering Team, the Senior Firmware Engineer may be required to travel periodically. The travel requirement will be determined by the activities of the projects.
EDUCATION 
B.S. in Computer, Electrical or Electronic Engineering.
WHAT WE OFFER
An exciting opportunity to dive in and begin your career with a company that offers a competitive total rewards package that includes:
· Alternate work week schedule (EVERY OTHER FRIDAY OFF!)
· Full range of health benefits including medical, dental & vision, short & long-term disability
· 401(K) matching (100% of first 3% contributed, 50% of the next 2%)
· Flexible vacation plan
· Health and wellness programs / gym reimbursement
· Educational assistance up to $7,000 per year
· On-site self-service café / free gourmet coffee stations
· Company sponsored FUN events!
· On-site gym, ping-pong, foosball, outdoor bocce ball court, BBQ & firepit
· Generous product discounts
In the pursuit of product excellence, Fluidra takes its corporate values to heart. We implement these guiding principles in everything we do: passion for success, honesty & trust, customer collaboration, teamwork, learn and adapt, excellence and Innovation.
For a deeper dive in to our corporate culture, click here.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $1.00 - $2.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Full Stack Python Developer

Remote work, Eastern Time Zone (UTC -5)

Medium sized successful and fast growing advertising company
Responsibilities
As a Full Stack Python Developer, you will create and expand our in-house tools and help deliver projects and improve existing systems within our agile framework that adapts to quickly evolving business requirements. Your responsibilities will include:
Playing a key role in our delivering our Python projects
Contributing to all layers of our technology stack including creating python backend services, large databases, cloud APIs and web-based user interface
Working with and supporting other technical team members including first and 2nd level support escalations.
Liaising with business teams to create and automate robust systems that deliver the core value components of our business to our clients
Liaising with technical teams to document, troubleshoot and increase operational efficiency of the company's infrastructure.
Qualifications
Strong knowledge of programming concepts and object-oriented programming
Fluency in Python and experience architecting large applications
Strong knowledge of web programming specifics and experience in building web-based applications,
Extensive experience working with both relational databases and large NOSQL datasets (dynamodb, athena / presto a plus)
Expertise with client side javascript and HTML based UI development is a plus.
Experience in cloud computing. Experience with AWS / Azure is a plus
Experience in using source code control systems, particularly Git.
Strong Linux skills
Experience with web services, especially for facilitating interaction among multiple systems
Exposure to systems and/or network automation and monitoring (a plus)
Good verbal and written communication skills and fluency in English
Additionally, we are seeking someone who is:
Self-starting and can work autonomously within a larger team
Committed to following best practices
Keenly interested in developing technologies
Enthusiastic about testing
Able to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities as priorities change
Organized and detail-oriented
Experience in ad-tech is desirable but not required.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $65,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Remote work / work from home. Covid 19 is not an issue.
Education:

High school or equivalent (Required)

Experience:

Python: 1 year (Required)
Cloud computing: 1 year (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote


About Ancestry:
 When you join Ancestry, you join a human-centered company where every person’s story is important. We believe that by discovering the struggles and triumphs of our past, we can foster deeper bonds and more meaningful connections among families and communities. Our talented team of scientists, engineers, genealogists, historians, and storytellers is dedicated to empowering customers around the world from all backgrounds on their journeys of personal discovery.
 With more than 30+ billion digitized global historical records, 100+ million family trees, and 20+ million people in our growing AncestryDNA database, Ancestry helps customers discover their family story and gain a new level of understanding about their lives. Passionate about dedicating your work to enriching people’s lives? You belong at Ancestry.
 We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our team and help bring high-quality and impactful platform features to improve Ancestry. We use the latest open source technologies to create web applications that run at scale. Reporting to our Senior Software Engineering Manager, your work will have an impact on user experience and the main product. You will be an experienced Senior Software Engineer with expert level proficiency in building system architectures, designing platform/application and coding complex features.
 What you will do...

Solve advanced technical challenges
Work with multiple team members including external vendors to vet requirements and map them to user stories
Architect/Design/Develop data pipelines, new features for our website hosting platform and tools to support marketing projects. 
Collaborate with offshore team members, share knowledge with them, lead and help them to develop new features and fix bugs.
Work on tech transition and other platform plans.
Work in a collaborative Agile environment (SCRUM) and lead scrum ceremonies such as grooming, planning, daily stand up meetings

Who you are...

5+ years of experience in full stack development with Node.js/Java on the back end and React on the front end (or equivalent JavaScript framework… e.g., Angular, Vue.js)
Developed RESTful Services, APIs, integrations with external systems
Experience in CI/CD and Containerization
Working knowledge of relational databases and non relational databases
Developed applications in public cloud preferably in AWS
Knowledge in caching techniques including CDN
Experience with industry-standard message handling brokers such as RabbitMQ and Apache Kafka
Experience in Adobe Experience Manager (AEM)
Knowledge of Marketing technology tools.

 Helping people discover their story is at the heart of ours. Ancestry is the largest provider of family history and personal DNA testing, harnessing a powerful combination of information, science and technology to help people discover their family history and stories that were never possible before. Ancestry’s suite of products includes: AncestryDNA, AncestryProGenealogists, Fold3, Newspapers.com, Find a Grave, Archives.com, and Rootsweb. We offer excellent benefits and a competitive compensation package. For additional information, regarding our benefits and career information, please visit our website at http://ancestry.com/careers
 (Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $121,500/year + eligible for bonus, equity, and comprehensive benefits including health, dental and vision. Read more about our benefits HERE.

Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085(8-5-20)


 #GDSponsored
 #IND2
 #LI-MK1
 Additional Information:
 Ancestry is an Equal Opportunity Employer that makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition, military or veteran status, citizenship, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. In addition, Ancestry will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
 All job offers are contingent on a background check screen that complies with applicable law. For San Francisco office candidates, pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Ancestry will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 Ancestry is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Ancestry via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Ancestry. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Ancestry as a result of the referral or through other means.

Would you like to work on an Open Source web application?
Are you interested in working on the latest JavaScript libraries and frameworks?
Join our Compute Team!
As a Front-End Developer II at Akamai, you will work on our single page app used by developers around the world. This interface is used to manage hundreds of thousands of Linodes running on our global datacenter network. The application is on cloud.linode.com and is an Open Source project hosted on Github at https://github.com/linode/manager.
Partner with the best
In this role, you'll work in an environment that nurtures innovative solutions, rapid development cycles, and open communication. We're a closely-knit team with a focus on agile development and innovative solutions. We encourage and reward curiosity, ingenuity, and technical excellence.
As a Front-End Developer II, you will be responsible for:
Developing the display layer logic and maintaining the component library of our application.
Ensuring that Akamai's front-end applications are performant, accessible, and responsive.
Working with UX designers to implement engaging user experiences for thousands of users.
Improving application performance, features, and reliability
Do what you love
To be successful in this role you will:
Have 2 years of relevant experience and a Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field.
Demonstrate experience with JavaScript and TypeScript.
Have prior working experience in front-end development and building large-scale applications with React.
Be able to showcase your experience with modern CSS design patterns.
Have prior experience with accessibility standards like A11y.
Be up to date with the latest user interface frameworks like Material UI.
Possess educated views on technology and software design.
Work in a way that works for you
We recognize that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best can vary for each person.
This is a flexible role and may be performed at your home and/or the local Akamai office (in the country advertised). We are happy to discuss working options in this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.
Working with us
At Akamai, were curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, youll thrive here.
Working for you
At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life:
Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavors
Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.
About us
Innovating on a global scale, we deliver our customers a fast, smart and secure intelligent edge platform. Working against a backdrop of digital collaboration, our highly skilled teams build progressive solutions that have the scope to transform entertainment, business, and life in ways that we have yet to imagine.
Join us
Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!
Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.
Akamai is committed to complying with COVID-19 requirements in the countries where it operates. For locations or roles subject to vaccination mandates, we require proof of vaccination or an approved exemption, if permitted, as a condition of employment. We will provide additional details regarding our vaccine record submission and exemption request protocols during the hiring and onboarding process.
#LI-Remote



    The work we do has an impact on millions of lives, and you can be a part of it.
   

     We help protect our customers against life’s uncertainties. Regardless of where you work within the company, you’ll be helping provide protection and peace of mind when our customers need it most.
    




    Protective is searching for a Senior Software Engineer to join the External Systems Application Development team of the IT department in our Birmingham, AL corporate headquarters. This team is responsible for creating and maintaining websites for both consumers and agents in the field.
   



Job Summary

 The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for designing, coding, testing, implementing, maintaining, and supporting software systems. Works closely with business analysts and customers to gather requirements in order to ensure the customer’s business needs and expectations are met in a timely and cost effective manner. Diagnoses, isolates and debugs software problems and provides resolution. Provides leadership as a model of how others should interact and accomplish tasks. Is considered 'a top expert' by peers in one or more important areas of expertise, such as, a programming language, computer system, data base, etc. Provides an appropriate level of feedback to peers, support and interface areas, and management. Willingly shares and assists in the development skills of others. Prepares and modifies technical documentation. Researches, evaluates and recommends new development tools and applications as appropriate. Responsibilities may include managing work within a project.





Work Experience, Education, Certification/Training Required

 Typically 7-10+ years of web development experience but negotiable based off skill level. Typically, post-secondary degree, preferably in Management Information Services, Computer Science or Math related field may substitute for work and/or technical experience. Proven experience in all aspects of the software development process. Technical certifications are desirable.





Knowledge and Abilities Required

 Demonstrates a thorough, detailed knowledge of relevant technologies. Responsible for designing and implementing how the technologies will be incorporated in current systems or will be used in development of complex new systems. Demonstrates a thorough, detailed understanding of various data structures. Requires programming skills sufficient to solve difficult and very complex technical problems. Must be able to manage multiple, changing priorities, resolve conflicts and be able to work well under pressure. Must be self-motivated, able to work independently and willing to self-teach and take responsibility for ongoing professional development. Ability to analyze and design software solutions to meet very complex requirements. Requires oral and written communication skills sufficient to communicate clearly with peers and customers. Ability to perform reviews of other developers’ code and provide sign off and or constructive feedback.





Tools Required and/or Desired

 Minimum of 3 years of experience in the .Net framework. C# ASP.Net MVC 5+ Angular SQL Server 2008+ HTML5 & CSS3 RESTful Services JQuery Knowledge of responsive design principles. Distributed and Asynchronous Design and Development strongly preferred. TFS Build Server experience a plus.





    Performance-Based Compensation: This position is eligible for an annual incentive based on individual and Company performance.
   


 Eligibility for certain benefits may vary by position in accordance with the terms of the Company’s benefit plans.
    




    Note: Pursuant to Colorado law, Protective is providing the applicable salary range for Colorado residents.
    




    Salary Range Specific to Colorado: $95,000- $125,000
   


 Employee Benefits:


     We aim to protect our employees' wellbeing through a broad benefits offering. For example, we protect physical wellbeing through health, dental and vision insurance. We protect mental wellbeing through mental health benefits and an employee assistance program. We protect time away from work with a variety of paid time away benefits (
    e.g., paid time off, paid parental leave, short-term disability, and a cultural observance day). We protect financial wellbeing through contributions to healthcare accounts, a pension plan, and a 401(k) plan with Company matching. All employees are encouraged to protect their overall wellbeing by engaging in ProHealth Rewards, Protective’s platform to improve wellbeing while earning cash rewards. 
   



    Eligibility for certain benefits may vary by position in accordance with the terms of the Company’s benefit plans.
   


 Diversity and Inclusion
: 


    At Protective, we are committed to providing an inclusive culture where all employees fully contribute and thrive. We have always been a values-driven culture. Doing the right thing and serving people are part of our DNA, and we believe that valuing and embracing different backgrounds and perspectives is what makes us unique. 
   



    We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to being inclusive and attracting, retaining, and growing the talents of a diverse and inclusive workforce.
   


As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software & Development Operations Engineer will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will spend about 40% of their time on the Development Operations work focused on deployment of infrastructure stacks, monitoring and metrics tooling, standards and processes, and utilize cloud resources. 60% of this individual’s time will be spent as a Software Engineer focused on product infrastructure development, new feature development, and software issue resolution. Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Enable infrastructure to achieve a high level of reliability
Build tools that streamline development and deployment of infrastructure stacks
Build and scale out our monitoring and metrics tooling, standards, and processes, to facilitate data-informed decision making
Optimize the utilization of cloud resources to balance performance and cost
Perform deep dives on complex technical issues across networks, ranging from automated tooling to hardware failures and network issues
Anticipate potential operational risks and develop strategies to mitigate/minimize
Keeping our services running and recovering quickly when failure occurs
Automating work including infrastructure needs, testing, failover solutions, failure mitigation
Ability to execute network assessments and report results
Review and development of performance and capacity plans (operational capacity and load requirements)
Experience with application disaster recovery, migration, roll-back plans, expansion, routine deployments, and system upgrade
Knowledge of network switches, firewalls, and routers
Expert in system integration, ongoing data validation processes, quality assurance, delivery, operations, and sustainability of technical solutions
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define Requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high-level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, and product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience in building and managing complex and highly scalable/available systems
Experienced with configuration and infrastructure as code, heavy automation first mentality
Experience in deploying, operating, and managing customer-facing services in cloud platforms
Knowledge of infrastructure monitoring, from service availability and health, to capacity usage and cost
Experience & Education
A minimum of 2-3 years of web application development and 2-3 years of development operations experience working in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Experience deploying in the AWS ecosystem of offerings (EC2, RDS, ECS, IAM, etc.)
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences
Practical experience writing in Java, Gradle, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; masters preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US.
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits
This will be a developing job with documentation composition software.
Responsible to design and develop different documents and business forms using OpenText Exstream.
Work with Client managers and leads, provide status updates
Apply styles and images to document design
Understanding of different input, output file formats, and Print file formats(PDF, AFP, etc).
Perform unit testing of templates/documents
Use output comparison tools to compare different outputs
4+ years of Experience with CCM document composition tools like OpenText Exstream
4+ yrs Experience with OpenText Exstream Advanced Template Designer, Design Manager, and Command Centre
Excellent XML and JSON schema understanding
Good understanding of API calls.Job scheduler and application workflows KnowledgeExperience with any Mainframe/Unix/Windows platformsExperience with JavaScript and VB Script is a plusKnowledge of document development lifecycleGood Verbal/Written Communication
C# or Doc1 Developer
Will be working with documentation composition software to develop external communication documentation. Determines specifications, then plans, designs, and develops the most complex and business-critical software solutions, utilizing appropriate software engineering processes either individually or as part of a project team. Provide design recommendations based on long-term IT organization strategy. Develop enterprise-level applications and custom integration solutions. Provide expertise regarding the integration of applications across the business. Develop programming and development standards. Act as an internal consultant, advocate, mentor, and change agent.Must be able to understand:
Data StructuresIncluded but not limited to:Flat File Vs Delimited FilesHard Kill Vs. Single Record FilesData Validation/IntegrityClean DataData SetWork FlowsCrystal ReportingDrag and Drop environmentsGUIExplain an Array
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $50.00 - $55.00 per hour
Schedule:

Day shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

Colorado Springs, CO 80904: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Introduction to Shield AI
Shield AI’s mission is to advance this nation’s core values by providing the United States and our allies access to leading technologies and innovations. Shield AI is a fast growing, venture-backed defense-technology company built around a team of proven executives, distinguished warfighters, and world-class AI engineers. Since 2018, Shield AI’s products and people have supported operations around the world with the US Department of Defense and our allies. Most recently, we acquired Heron Systems and Martin UAV as wholly owned subsidiaries of Shield AI. Join our team and shape the future of artificially intelligent systems.
Job Description
As part of the Data & Analysis team, you’ll be a key contributor to the HMDS (Hivemind Design Software) platform...an innovative cloud and local software solution that will change the way AI/autonomous applications are developed. This role focuses on building and maintaining tooling and infrastructure supporting data ingestion and aggregation.


Projects that you might work on:
Contribute to a platform (HMDS) that will revolutionize the way that AI and ML solutions are created
Work closely with our AI and autonomy engineers to hyper-optimize their development, increase product quality, and reduce cycle times
Help to build out our next-gen orchestration platform build on Dagster
Build and support various orchestrated pipelines such as data ingestion, analysis, and machine learning
Contribute to a cloud-based micro-service platform that is foundational for supporting core development and integration capabilities
Collaborate with your team in driving technical solutions to complex software and business problems
Work with teams of supremely talented software engineers who care deeply about the solutions they create
Leverage your backend development skills across a portfolio of applications
Required qualifications:
3-5 years professional experience developing production quality software systems.
Strong experience with Python is a must
Knowledge of different data stores and persistence strategies (e.g. relational databases, NoSQL, cloud storage, etc.)
Experience with Git and/or other source code management tools.
Passionate about developing high-quality and optimized software solutions.
You embrace strong coding best practices regarding code documentation, unit testing, bug tracking, etc..
Strong technical collaboration and a desire to develop new skills.
Excited by a fast-moving environment with a highly motivated group.
BS/MS in Computer Science, similar degree, or equivalent practical experience.
You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others
Preferred qualifications:
Experience with Dagster a huge plus
Experience with Golang and gRPC is a plus
If you're interested in being part of our team, apply now!

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

To conform to U.S. Government regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.

  Company Description
   Open to Remote
 About Us With over 20 years of experience and 700+ associates across 7 different countries, CJ Affiliate (formerly Commission Junction) is the most trusted and established name in performance marketing.
 We specialize in cultivating partnerships between top brands and trusted publishers to help them drive revenue and grow their businesses. CJ’s industry-leading solutions and services are what makes our innovative marketing technology (“martech”) the platform of choice for over 3,800 global brands across all industries including retail, travel, finance, technology, and home services. As part of Publicis Groupe, our data capabilities, future-focused tech, and strategic expertise power meaningful connections so brands can reach consumers wherever they are.
 We take just as much pride in our innovative technology and comprehensive data as we do in the expertise and dedication of our people. Our collaborative teams are equipped with advanced tools, training, and career development opportunities in order to provide our clients with cutting edge solutions, strategies, and support that drive meaningful results. Our people are at the heart of it all—people who dare to think big.
 So, what is Affiliate Marketing? Think about the last time you bought something online. Maybe your favorite influencer shared a product that caught your eye. Perhaps you already knew what you wanted to buy, but there were so many options that you needed help from a trusted review site. Or maybe you simply love combing coupon sites for hot deals. However you finally made your purchase, chances are you interacted with affiliate publishers along the way—whether they influenced you, provided helpful information, or made sure you got the best price. CJ provides the performance marketing platform that connects brands with these publishers to create valuable resources frequently used by shoppers such as yourself.
 Here's why you’ll love working here In addition to competitive salaries, 401K matching, wellness reimbursement programs, life insurance, comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage, we also offer:

 Flexible time off, no accrual necessary
 Paid holidays
 Company-sponsored team building events
 Business Resource Groups
 Annual recognition awards
 Flexible work arrangements
 Parental bonding leave
 Back-up child/elder care
 Employee discount program
 International SOS program
 Employee referral program

 Just to name a few of our perks.



  Job Description
   As a Software Engineer 3 at CJ, you’ll have the benefit of working in a supportive, highly collaborative and entrepreneurial environment. A culture of passion and respect and technical excellence and the ownership and accountability of working on a fully self-contained, cross-functional engineering team gives you the ability to grow, make an impact, and get things done. It’s innovation, done sustainably and intelligently, at scale.
 Some of our application domains:

 Real-time high-volume click streaming, attribution, and analytics
 Multi-currency financial clearinghouse
 Partnership recommendation engine
 GraphQL APIs
 Advertising media delivery
 Data lake to support ad hoc data science and reporting

 Some technologies we use:

 AWS
 ReactJS
 Java, Scala, Kotlin
 Serverless
 SQL & NoSQL
 Kafka, Hadoop, Kinesis

 Some practices we employ:

 Agile software development
 Infrastructure-as-code
 Pair programming
 Test Driven Development
 Continuous Delivery




  Qualifications
   We are looking for an accomplished software engineer with 3+ years in software design and implementation, with a bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. In addition, we are looking for experience with and/or interest in some of:

 Agile software development
 Automated build and continuous delivery
 Front end development using React
 SQL databases
 NoSQL databases
 Pair Programming
 Test-driven Development
 Object Oriented Programming
 Functional Programming
 Scala

 Additional Information
   Why CJ Affiliate?
 CJ Affiliate is the leader in Affiliate Marketing. We take pride in our innovative technology, comprehensive data solutions and our people. We equip our teams with advanced tools, training and career development opportunities all to provide cutting edge solutions, strategies and support to deliver high quality results for our clients. We work in an energetic, results-oriented, collaborative, team environment that recognizes exceptional performance. As we evolve and grow as a business, so do you.
 We're a community of creative and passionate problem solvers who go the distance to tackle the tough questions, think outside the box, and drive intelligent growth, for our clients—and ourselves. We foster and embody an inclusive and collaborative culture where diverse perspectives are sought, relationships are valued, and people feel accepted with a sense of belonging in expressing themselves authentically. We pride ourselves in having a workplace environment that values both work and play. Business Resource Groups, Fun team outings, office events, and flexible time off mean a work life balance with colleagues that turn into lifelong friends.
 Conditions of Employment
 All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting.
 Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
 We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.


The Customer Support department is seeking a Technical Software / Applications Support Engineer to support our Web and Mobile Mapping Software for our growing global customer base in the US and Europe. This role joins a dynamic team that enjoys working with complex applications and products that utilize software, GIS, engineering, and problem-solving skills.


The Support Engineer is a technical software expert, experienced in configuration and implementation of IQGeo solutions often requiring knowledge of complex integrations with 3rd party software systems and middleware, and/or custom software development, as required by customers.


The role works independently or as a team member along with Project Managers, Implementers, and Director of Customer Support to deliver product support for the customer.
Responsibilities

As an integral part of the IQGeo geospatial Customer Support Team, the successful candidate will be a key contributor on the team by supporting IQGeo products for our customers in the Utility and Telecommunications markets. The role is expected to be capable of working independently, and as a team member, and should have a working knowledge of software implementation methodologies and troubleshooting skills. The key responsibilities include the following.

Problem solving skills, providing consulting to clients based on current operational processes and their fit with IQGeo products.
Respond to customer queries (incidents or questions) in a timely and accurate way via support cases, phone, or email.
Identify customer needs and help customers resolve issues or understand IQGeo product functionality.
Follow up with customers to ensure their technical issues are resolved.
Analyze and report product defects to the IQGeo Product Development Team.
Ensure accurate support case information is filled out by IQGeo customers and internal teams to build an IQGeo knowledgebase for end-users.
Inform customers of critical issues or when patches are released on IQGeo products.
Develop and maintain IQGeo product training materials for the IQGeo Certification program.
Required skills

Successful candidates will be enthusiastic individuals with a strong technical and consulting background in general software delivery and support skills related to the following:

Essential

Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with customer service desk systems (Jira Service Desk, FogBugz)
Strong experience with open-source software technologies (Apache, OpenLayers, Leaflet)
Intermediate to light experience in JavaScript and HTML design and development
Experience with Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) or web mapping
Experience with SQL and RDBMS technology (PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite)
Experience with Linux System administration and bash scripting
Experience with Python

Desirable

Enterprise Integration, especially web services
Collaboration systems, such as Jira Confluence or Microsoft SharePoint
Mobile application support (iOS, Android, Windows)
Experience in IQGeo software technology experience
ETL tools such Safe Software’s FME or GeoKettle
Git or other distributed version control systems
Additional language skills are not essential, but would be an advantage
Education and experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering required or related field or equivalent work experience is preferred.
Comparable technology and industry experience

If you would like to join this winning team, please submit your resume and cover letter to hr@iqgeo.comEmpower the Individual Through Crypto

Gemini is a crypto exchange and custodian that allows customers to buy, sell, store, and earn more than 30 cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ether, litecoin, and Zcash. Gemini is a New York trust company that is subject to the capital reserve requirements, cybersecurity requirements, and banking compliance standards set forth by the New York State Department of Financial Services and the New York Banking Law. Gemini was founded in 2014 by twin brothers Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss to empower the individual through crypto.

Crypto is about giving you greater choice, independence, and opportunity. We are here to help you on your journey. We build crypto products that are simple, elegant, and secure. Whether you are an individual or an institution, we want to help you buy, sell, and store your bitcoin and cryptocurrency. Crypto is not just a technology, it's a movement.

At Gemini, our mission is to empower the individual and that includes giving our employees flexibility of choice — our Office Optional Policy allows employees to choose to work from one of our physical locations or from home.

Select roles that are location-specific will still be eligible for flexible schedules.

The Department: Gemini Prime

Gemini is a regulated, full service, crypto service provider where engineering is the core of the company. There's a wide range of tough problems to solve at Gemini – from properly securing hundreds of millions of dollars worth of customer funds, to developing innovative new blockchain products, to finding new techniques to combat fraud, to shaving microseconds off our API response times, and everything in between.

All of Gemini's engineers are able to work across the software platform, not just on their own specialization or subteam. We value a thoughtful, collaborative software development process, coupled with a pragmatic approach to problem solving and delivering software.

Gemini Prime is specifically focused on providing a capital market crypto service offering to institutional investors. We provide a software based platform that provides custody, access, trading, settlement & clearing and financing of crypto.

The Role: Software Engineer - Prime Services

Our institutional prime platform is the stargate for old world money to the metaverse of modern digital assets. As a software engineer, you will lead, design, and implement a variety of software systems that motivate, execute, and settle, what is shaping up to be, the largest transfer of wealth from the past to the future. It is hard to find a more exhilarating place to design, code, test, and deliver software products than in the real time trading environment of the front office of financial institutions.

We are looking for a talented software engineer that is focused and fascinated by the real time movement of price and value at wire speed across a global liquidity network of buyers and sellers. In our realm, we converge the dimensions of time, relationship, and trust to deliver the safe exchange of assets at significant scale.

Responsibilities:

Implement and deliver financial applications that meet Prime's functional and non-functional requirements for our global broker/dealer platform
Work effectively in building out our global liquidity network at scale with a high degree of autonomy
Interface with other teammates to implement our scalable risk, clearing and settlement management platform platform
Leverage key software applications and services from across Gemini's portfolio of exchange, settlement, and custodian technologies

Qualifications:

Experience in development of event-based distributed applications
Understanding of algorithmic trading, applied stochastic control, and/or mean-field games
Understanding of communication protocols, specifically TCP/IP, HTTP, Websocket, FIX
Strong analytical and conceptual skills with solid organizational skills and attention to detail
Proficiency with C++, Golang, Python, and/or Java

Preferred Qualifications:

Understanding of centralized (CeFi) and decentralized financial exchanges (DeFi)
Understanding of central limit order books and automated market makers
Experience working with Bitcoin or Ethereum blockchain technologies, best if with Ethereum Virtual Machine based blockchains
Experience working in a distributed design and development team
Experience working in a startup environment
1-3 years experience in design, development, and delivery of distributed applications

It Pays to Work Here

We take a holistic approach to compensation at Gemini, which includes:

Competitive Compensation and Profit-Sharing Equity
Flexible vacation policy
Retirement Plan Matching
Generous Parental leave
Comprehensive health plans
Training and professional development

At Gemini, we strive to build diverse teams that reflect the people we want to empower through our products, and we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. Equal Opportunity is the Law, and Gemini is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer. If you have a specific need that requires accommodation, please let a member of the People Team know.

#LI-AA1
#LI-REMOTE

  Company Description
   Daxko powers health & wellness throughout the world. Every day our team members focus their passion and expertise in helping health & wellness facilities operate efficiently and engage their members.
 Whether a neighborhood yoga studio, a national franchise with locations in every city, a YMCA or JCC-and every type of organization in between-we build solutions that make every aspect of running and being a member of a health and wellness organization easier and delightful.



  Job Description
   SugarWOD is a social fitness platform that empowers coaches and fitness content providers to deliver world-class workout programming to athletes all over the world.
 The SugarWOD team at Daxko is looking for a senior full-stack engineer passionate about powering health and wellness through the world by contributing to several applications that help gym owners manage their memberships, allow their customers to track workouts, and provide world-class tools to grow our customers’ businesses.
 In this role, you will work on our large scale NodeJS application that powers our leading workout tracking mobile apps. This application feeds data via APIs while also providing a web-based hub for gym owners and program suppliers to create content and engage with their members. You’ll create cutting edge APIs, help to fine tune application performance and guide the technical direction of the application.
 As a Senior Software Engineer, along with solving complex engineering problems, you will help to mentor other engineers, provide architectural input, and lead technical discussions. In addition to daily coding responsibilities, you will collaborate with product managers, architects, and other software engineers to build and deliver best-in-class software using agile development processes. Your communication skills are honed to be able to recognize opportunities and present solutions to challenges to adjacent non-technical teams. You’re self-motivated, collaborative and open to new ideas.
 You will also:

 Develop high quality front- and back- end application code that provides a delightful user experience and meets business expectations
 Develop clean, resuable, well-structured and maintainable code following best practices and industry standards
 Take ownership of the platform by defining design patterns, identifying frameworks, managing technical debt, and defining best practices
 Provide technical expertise and guidance both within and without the SugarWOD product team
 Write automated unit, integration, and acceptance tests as appropriate to support our continuous integration pipelines
 Support and troubleshoot data and/or system issues as needed
 Actively contribute actionable and valuable feedback in code reviews
 Participate in system architecture and design reviews
 Participate in user story creation in collaboration with the team
 Work with team members to develop prototypes as necessary and validate ideas with a data driven approach
 Be an active participant in all Agile team events





  Qualifications
  

 Demonstrable knowledge of client-server architecture and system design
 Familiarity with designing systems for scale
 Proficiency with JavaScript, Typescript, Node, Express (or equivalent back-end technologies)
 Proficiency with database design and interactions
 Ability to clearly communicate technical information to a variety of stakeholders including product owners, UX engineers, QA engineers and other engineers within and without the team
 Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
 Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
 Ability to function well in a high-paced and at times stressful environment
 Ability to mentor and help develop team members

 Required Education and Experience:

 Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent experience) in related field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineer, Applied Mathematics, or Applied Sciences
 Five (5+) years of Software Engineering or other relevant experience
 Proficient in application development in modern object-oriented programming languages
 Proficient in building and integrating with web services and RESTful APIs
 Proficient in SQL or other relational data storage technologies
 Experience in automated testing practices including unit testing, integration testing, and/or performance testing
 Experience using code versioning tools such as Git
 Experience with Agile development methodology
 Understanding of modern cloud architecture and tools


 Additional Information
   Daxko is dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce. We are committed to diversity in the broadest sense, including thought and perspective, age, ability, nationality, ethnicity, orientation, and gender. The skills, perspectives, ideas, and experiences of all of our team members contribute to the vitality and success of our purpose and values.
 The targeted salary range for this position is $100,000 - $140,000 and will be commensurate with experience.
 We truly care for our team members, and this is reflected through our offices, benefits, and great perks. Some of our favorites include:
 Flexible paid time off

️ Affordable health, dental, and vision insurance options

 Monthly fitness reimbursement
 401(k) matching
 New-Parent Paid Leave
 1-month paid sabbatical every 5 years
 Casual work environments
 Remote work
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

Who We Are:
Telcoin is a consumer finance company focused on providing customers with low cost, high quality financial services via blockchain technology, legacy banking, and mobile financial services infrastructure.

We are a team of telecom executives, start-up veterans, finance professionals, all-star developers and blockchain specialists looking for a DevOps Engineer in the greater Los Angeles area to manage cloud resources and accelerate the development, testing, release, and deployment of Telcoin's production infrastructure.

What Telcoin Can Offer You:

Competitive Compensation package; $90-110k (depending on experience), annual bonus, stock option plan
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance – 100% employer sponsored for employee and family
401 (k) Plan with no vesting period
Unlimited PTO to preserve work/life balance
Start-up opportunity and culture
Key Responsibilities:
Design, deploy, and maintain secure, scalable, and fault-tolerant systems on Kubernetes and AWS.
Develop CI/CD pipelines for code deployment
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features within set timeframes.
Qualifications:
At least 3 years of experience with managing Kubernetes and other cloud resources (AWS preferred)
Strong proficiency with UNIX/Linux systems
Experience with databases such as PostgreSQL and Redis
Helm and Terraform experience a plus
Experience managing and deploying blockchain (Ethereum preferred) nodes/resources a plus
Great written and oral communication skills for both technical details and high-level concepts
Eager to learn and work in a fast-paced startup environment

Education:

BS (or MS) in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field, or equivalent professional experience

Location

Remote (Los Angeles area is a plus)








Location: Remote Latin American
Team: Customer Interactive Services
Work Type: Full Time



          Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “
          Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.
         


 Conocimientos y experiencia con:
         

           Clean Architecture en Android.
         

           Principios S.O.L.I.D.
         

           Kotlin.
         

           Kotlin Coroutines.
         

           Unit Test.
         

           Modularización de aplicaciones.
         

           Cobertura de código y tipos de cobertura.
         

           Herramientas para realizar análisis estático de código.
         

           AppDistribution.
         

           Gradle.
         

           Uso de MockServer.
         

           Distribución PlayStore.
         

           Técnicas de refactorización (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Integración (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Punto a Punto (Opcional).
         

           Uso de TDD (Opcional)
         

           Patrones de presentación MVP, MVVM o MVI (de preferencia MVI)
         

           Flujos Git.
         






          Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
         










JD:

Solid understanding of X86 environment.
Experience working in Kernel and user space. Familiarity with Ubuntu Linux distribution or similar.
Proficient in C and Python,
Experience with Bash shell scripting
Ability to Debug kernel - like kernel panics.
Past Experience with Test tools.
Desirable: Experience fixing Bugs and participating in Kernel community.
Ability to learn quickly and ramp up in areas of Docker, Kubernetes and Microservices.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $45.00 - $52.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Linux kernel expert engineers: 5 years (Preferred)
X86 environment: 3 years (Preferred)
Bash Shell Scripting: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote




Full-Time/Remote (within the US; Eastern or Central preferred)




Looking to make a big impact on healthcare technology? careMESH may be for you! We are early-stage and high growth and changing the way healthcare organizations like Tampa General Hospital, USF Health, and St. Joseph’s Health work.
 Since customer demand is already outstripping supply, we are looking for a seriously talented Node.js developer with top-of-class engineering skills to build on our amazing SaaS platform. Our technology runs on Google Cloud and is developed on a “PERN” stack: PostgreSQL, Express (Sails.js), React, and Node.js.

 In This Role, You Will:

 Communicate with product managers to scope new features
 Write or modify code to get a feature fully implemented
 Develop automated and unit tests
 Write effective, secure and well-performing REST APIs
 Extract, transform and load data into our systems
 Complete code reviews of work completed by colleagues


 Who You Are:

 5-10 years as a JavaScript software engineer (Required)
 Full Stack Developer using Node.js and REST API development (Required). This is a 70/30 backend to frontend ratio job.
 Single Page Applications using ReactJS and Material UI (Preferred)
 SQL databases (Required) and PostgreSQL (Preferred)
 Linux, Docker and Kubernetes (Preferred)
 Cloud services providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure (Preferred)
 Healthcare industry experience and FHIR APIs (A significant plus)
 Degree in Computer Science, Statistics or relevant field


 Personal Skills:

 Highly motivated self-starter
 Great attention to detail
 Communication at both a technical and functional level
 Agile software development
 Teamwork, teamwork, teamwork


 careMESH is an equal opportunity employer. Eligible employees have access to the following:

 Health Insurance Plan
 Health Savings Account (HSA) and Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 20 days paid time off (PTO) per year, plus paid holidays
 401(k) retirement plan
 Supplemental life insurance and short/long-term disability


 Please send your current resume and other supporting materials to recruiting@caremesh.com.



Do you ever wonder what happens inside the cloud?

Headquartered in New York but based around the world, DigitalOcean is a dynamic, high-growth technology company that serves a robust and passionate community of developers around the world. Our mission is to simplify cloud computing for every developer. We are working on solving some of the most challenging and interesting technology projects around, on a scale unmatched by most.

We want people who are passionate about building features that developers love!

DigitalOcean's Storage Team is a remote team that builds and operates cloud-scale distributed storage powering internal and customer-facing services and products. We're creating flexible and powerful solutions that our customers will leverage to ship their software as quickly, easily, and safely as possible.

The Object Storage Team supports the operations and development of business logic, middleware, edge, and API solutions of our S3-compatible object store, Spaces. We are looking for an engineer who will help lead the development and support of current and future storage platforms at scale.

The selected candidate will have the opportunity to make impactful contributions to key software, contribute to the open source community, and debug interesting problems at cloudscale. This role reports to the Engineering Manager of the Object Storage team and is currently only available remotely.

What You'll Be Doing:
Leading engineering efforts to deliver innovative storage solutions
Supporting the creation and operations of distributed systems
Programming in Go and other languages
Collaborating with an agile, self-motivated team of peers
Consuming from and contributing to free/open source software communities
Solving interesting problems in a technically rewarding environment
What You'll Add to DigitalOcean:
A passion for designing, developing, testing, and shipping well-engineered code
Experience with Linux operating systems and strong networking fundamentals
Familiarity with cloud native technologies and protocols
Experience contributing meaningfully to discussions on architectures, implementations, design patterns, and processes with the ability to succinctly convey ideas to peers and mentees
Familiarity with concurrency / parallelism models in a modern programming language
Bonus: Experience with gRPC, S3, distributed data stores, or kubernetes
Why You'll Like Working for DigitalOcean:
We reward our employees. The salary range for this position is based on relevant years of experience and skills. Employees may qualify for a bonus in addition to base salary; bonus amounts are determined based on company and individual performance. We also provide equity compensation to eligible employees including grants of equity upon hire and the option to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Program.
We value development. You will work with some of the smartest and most interesting people in the industry. We are a high-performance organization that is always challenging our teams and employees to continuously grow. We maintain a growth mindset in everything we do and invest deeply in employee development through formalized mentorship and other internal programs. We provide all employees with reimbursement for relevant conferences, training, and education.
We care about your well-being. In addition to cash and equity compensation, we also offer employees a competitive array of benefits. In the United States, these include health insurance, unlimited vacation, retirement benefits, a generous parental leave program, and additional resources to support employees' overall well-being. While the philosophy around our benefits is the same worldwide, specific benefits may vary in other countries due to local regulations and preferences.
We value diversity and inclusivity. We are an equal opportunity employer and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

This is a remote role

Salary range of $112,800-$169,200
Bonus of 10%
ESPP employee contribution
Equity Programs
Medical, Dental, Vision offered and costs covered by DigitalOcean up to 90%
Gym Stipend of $100/month
Internet/Phone Stipend of $200/month
401(k) match up to 4% with no vesting


#LI-Remote

Department: Engineering #LI-Remote
Want to learn more about our Engineering team? Click here!

Want an inside look into life at DO? Click here to hear from our employees!
Position: Python Developer/Lead
Duration: Long Term Contract
Job Description: 
Good with coding and some exposure to public cloud(any of Azure AWS GCP)

Evaluate geo-spatial data from vendors to assess fit for current requirement and use cases.
Work with vendor files, manuals and develop an understanding of the data structures and compare them with the existing database
Work with different teams to assess and organize complex data from a variety of sources for spatial modeling/analysis
Perform pre-processing of source inputs through refinement and merging to convert them in a usable format.
Asset mapping, classification, Geo-referencing and feature creation
Develop quality checks on assets data to test validity of data and automatic report generation
Create specification and collaborate with IT on enhancements in our data processing
Develop data visualization dashboards, interactive web-maps, storyboards that help in communicating complex data and insights into captivating visual outputs
Participate in team meetings and discussions and share results.

Requirement

Proficiency with database programming languages such as SQL, Python.
Worked on GIS and is familiar with geospatial libraries, GIS software such as QGIS for visualization and query
Exposure to Azure/AWS/Google Cloud computing environments
Practical understanding of data analytics and application of quantitative techniques on data
Have inclination to work on large data sets and come up with creative solutions on data analytics
Good communication skills (written and oral) and proficiency in creating presentations.

Are an independent worker who can drive certain parts of the work with minimal oversight
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $65.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
What you’ll do:
 As a P rocess and Software Quality Engineer you will enable and support the engineering team: 
 

To establish software development processes and tool chains that meets related software standards, i.e., Automotive SPICE, Functional Safety, SOTIF, and Cybersecurity
Perform quality assurance activities for work products and processes
Identify non-conformance issues, and communicate with stakeholders to get them resolved
Enable and support the engineering team to deep dive top issues and execute improvement actions for root cause
Collect and analyze software quality data during development, identify quality risks and report quality status to relevant stakeholders regularly
Lead or support audits and assessments for Automotive SPICE or Functional Safety
Work with Software Engineering teams to implement software quality and safety processes
Analyze process gaps and identify opportunities to improve software development processes

What you’ll need to Succeed:


4+ years of experience in Software Development.
Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Systems Engineering or a related technical field.
Working knowledge of writing and development software process documentation, process measurements, and statistical process control.
Familiar with software development tools
Experience with various software development life cycle models (Agile, V, Waterfall, Incremental, Iterative, Spiral, Prototyping, etc.)
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills to build trust and strong working relationships, effectively create and proofread documents and reports, and communicate to a diverse workforce.
 Bonus Points! 
 

Keen attention to detail to identify problems and processes that don’t comply with protocol.
Critical/logical thinking to identify problems and provide solutions to ensure efficiency, safety, and quality.
Strong business insight and judgment, team orientation and collaborative style
Experienced in driving process improvement using industry standards such as Automotive SPICE, CMMI, ISO 26262, ISO/PAS 21448, or ISO/SAE 21434

Additional Skills & Qualifications:
 Why is the position open? 
 This company is designing Autonomous Semi-Trucks and with the new technology, they are in need of people to help create documents to make sure software processes are followed. 
 

Occasional travel to onsite in VA needed. Otherwise this role can be 100% remote!

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.


JOB DESCRIPTION
 Job Title: Senior Software Engineer
 Location: Denver or remote 
The Opportunity:
 Infinicept is a thriving, innovative, fintech company headquartered in Denver, CO. You will be an integral part of a small team that builds and maintains a platform that revolutionizes payment facilitation. We focus on mission-critical applications and integrations that are the engine of our business. Our systems deal with large amounts of structured data and high volumes of transactional data that ensure our customers can board and manage merchants and the customer payments that they process.
 As an engineer with Infinicept, you will play an integral role in creating the foundational architecture of a young software product suite. We work in an entirely .NET stack with a mixture of ASP MVC 5/Core 3 and React JS as the front-end. You will work with software libraries like NServiceBus, Entity Framework, Swagger/Swashbuckle, and others. Our goal is to build highly scalable, distributed systems (transaction processing, data import/mapping, and API integrations) that form the back-end of multi-tenant SaaS products.
 We solve problems collaboratively, working together to find the most creative and innovative solutions to the challenges of our space within finance and technology. We value integrity, self-determination, and decisiveness. This is a hands-on position that provides the opportunity to help shape a business that is shaping an entire industry. If you’re looking for an amazing opportunity with a growing tech company that’s expanding its team, read on.
 Get your career going your way!
 Who You Are:
 You are someone who loves working with back-end systems and complex data. You enjoy the creative challenge of designing the best solution to solve a business problem. You’re never satisfied with what you’ve done and are constantly looking for ways to make a system more testable, efficient, reliable, and speedy. You believe in the power of small teams, and enjoy a collaborative process where requirements, design, development, QA, and deployment are everyone’s responsibility.
 You also:

 Enjoy being the “go-to” person when it comes to our core functionality. You enjoy having answers when people ask questions because you hate not knowing. If someone has an obscure question, you have an equally obscure answer.
 Don’t shy away from bringing new ideas to the table because you understand that innovation never stops.
 Believe in the power of small teams and enjoy a collaborative process.
 Are proficient with JavaScript and modern frameworks.
 Are comfortable working in a cloud-based (Azure) environment.
 Are comfortable with the flexibility required by an early-stage company.
 Are at ease with testing software, both in the coding stage (unit tests/TDD) and the functional stage (end-to-end and UI testing).
 Are willing to learn a complex domain ecosystem - payments is not a simple world!
 Find excitement in challenging problems, aggressive ship dates, and a fast-growing company.
 Enjoy the prospect of making big decisions that will change the shape of our software.
 Are confident in your software design skills - you should be able to start a feature from scratch and come up with something that is easy to understand, scalable, and performant.
 Enjoy brainstorming sessions with your peers, product owners, and clients to identify the best approach to design and build.

 Core Requirements:

 5+ years real world experience writing professional software
 Fearless, innovative, self-directed
 Broad technical skillset, including database design, DevOps, scripting, QA/testing, and API design
 Deep expertise in C# / .NET Core, SQL Server, and Azure

 Benefits for You:
 Infinicept believes that all team members play an important role in our company’s success. That’s why we strive to provide you with a competitive and comprehensive benefit program. We offer:

 Competitive salary (range: $130,000/annually - $160,000/annually)
 Flexible vacation policy
 15 paid company holidays per year
 Comprehensive health, dental, and vision benefits
 401(k) with match
 Flexible work from home policy
 Dog-friendly office
 Small in-office gym
 A progressive, passionate work environment
 An amazing team dedicated to both the company’s mission and your success!

 Infinicept Core Values:

 Do the Right Thing
 Be Excellent (but perfect is impossible)
 Have Integrity
 Act Like an Adult
 Eat and Drink Well

 Work Environment
 Work in a typical office environment with other staff speaking on phones or engaging in limited team conversation. The role will involve long periods of stationary movement and frequent use of computers and other hardware. Physical efforts to carry out job duties may include some standing, bending, lifting, limited stretching, and reaching.
 As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, Infinicept provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Infinicept complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. Currently we are able to transfer H1B Visas. 

**No external recruiters or agents, please.
 
zXdJygwVA7



We are in search of a Solution Architect with strong development experience who is passionate about solving complex problems. You'll solve complex engineering problems in energy optimization for plant and building operations around availability, scalability, replication, accessibility, and user experience. You’ll be key in writing our next chapter for BEP Analytics growth. You will drive change in the facility management industry by architecting the next generation of software automation to impact a more efficient and reliable future.
 You must have five-plus years of relative experience working with direct commercial software solutions defining the customer experience and 12+ years of software development experience. We allow a virtual work experience but also offer an office in Denver, CO, and New York City.
 BEP Analytics is the technology arm of Smith Engineering where we serve complex and critical facilities. Our target market includes hospitals, universities, pharmaceutical manufacturing, district energy, and some of the largest commercial real estate portfolios.
 We want people that will be part of our team and help make a difference in our business.
 This position is a remote position and you are eligible to work from home, please provide your city and state in the address form to allow us to validate HR compliance requirements for the your locale.
 Responsibilities

 Deliver a compelling technical strategy for taking our customer-facing energy optimization products into the next decade.
 Identify and understand the development practices and infrastructure that make BEP Analytics successful.
 Partner with peers across the broader team in aligning and building a unified long-term plan.
 Drive execution on the plan considering the availability, performance, scalability, accessibility, and usability of your solutions.
 Lead by example by contributing high-quality, production code that powers critical pieces of our services and products.
 Provide technical guidance and mentoring to engineers on your teams.
 Drive quality practices, standards, and metrics to achieve high levels of service availability and customer satisfaction.
 Be a vocal advocate for technical excellence and help your teams make good decisions.
 Develop and influence product vision by working with Product Management, Engineering, Support, Infrastructure, Operations, and our customers.

 Qualifications / Skills

 5+ years of experience working on direct customer facing products/functionality.
 12+ years of software development experience.
 Excellent communications skills and ability to drive consensus within the company.
 Results oriented, adaptable, and comfortable dealing with ambiguity.
 Collaborative and team oriented.
 Understand Data Science principles such as Data Model features, Data model algorithms, Neural Network, SVM’s and Linear regression algorithms. 
Experience building multi-tier, scalable SaaS applications.
 Ability to adapt to various Programming languages and experience with a few like .net, java, python and/or others. 
Strong knowledge of SQL and understanding of database schema design.
 Bachelor's Degree or Masters in Computer Science or equivalent experience.

 Skills to set you apart

 8+ years of experience in Data Science
 Experience with OSIsoft / PI system
 Experience with Gurobi optimization and/or other mathematical optimization products

 
f4VrSoAWfT





Posting Duration





This posting will be open for application submissions for a minimum of seven (7) calendar days, including the ‘posting date’. Sandia reserves the right to extend the posting date at any time.






 COVID-19 Vaccination Mandate





Sandia demonstrates its commitment to public safety in the national interest by requiring that all new hires be fully vaccinated or have an approved medical or religious accommodation before commencing employment. The requirement also applies to those who are telecommuting and working virtually.
 Any concerns about the ability to meet this requirement should be directed to HR Solutions at (505) 284-4700.






 What Your Job Will Be Like






Do you have a passion for developing web based applications with national security impact? Join our dynamic team as a Software Systems Engineer!
 On any given day, you may be called on to:

Work on a team dedicated to building full stack developer skills with growth and advancement opportunities.
Work on development teams that are dedicated to mentoring early career team members.

 This position is eligible for telecommuting and the selected applicant must live within a reasonable distance for commuting to the assigned work location when necessary.







 Qualifications We Require




Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other computer related field
Experience (academic or professional) with object-oriented software design and development
Documented fundamental technical competencies in software engineering practices, including planning, designing, implementing, testing, deploying, or maintaining robust, highly available web-based applications
Ability to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance







Qualifications We Desire




Experience with Java and Spring Boot
Experience working on Agile Teams
Familiarity with build automation tools such as Jenkins, Maven and Gradle
Familiarity with web-based application development with HTML5, JavaScript and Angular or React







About Our Team





We are the partner of choice for innovative science and engineering information solutions for National Security missions. We Research, engineer, and support integrated information solution that enable diverse customers to solve complex business problems and National security issues.






 About Sandia





Sandia National Laboratories is the nation’s premier science and engineering lab for national security and technology innovation, with teams of specialists focused on cutting-edge work in a broad array of areas. Some of the main reasons we love our jobs:

Challenging work with amazing impact that contributes to security, peace, and freedom worldwide
Extraordinary co-workers
Some of the best tools, equipment, and research facilities in the world
Career advancement and enrichment opportunities
Flexible work arrangements for many positions include 9/80 (work 80 hours every two weeks, with every other Friday off) and 4/10 (work 4 ten-hour days each week) compressed workweeks, part-time work, and telecommuting (a mix of onsite work and working from home)
Generous vacations, strong medical and other benefits, competitive 401k, learning opportunities, relocation assistance and amenities aimed at creating a solid work/life balance*


        World-changing technologies. Life-changing careers. Learn more about Sandia at: http://www.sandia.gov
       

These benefits vary by job classification.








 Security Clearance





Sandia is required by DOE to conduct a pre-employment drug test and background review that includes checks of personal references, credit, law enforcement records, and employment/education verifications. Applicants for employment need to be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q-level security clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship. If you hold more than one citizenship (i.e., of the U.S. and another country), your ability to obtain a security clearance may be impacted.
 Applicants offered employment with Sandia are subject to a federal background investigation to meet the requirements for access to classified information or matter if the duties of the position require a DOE security clearance. Substance abuse or illegal drug use, falsification of information, criminal activity, serious misconduct or other indicators of untrustworthiness can cause a clearance to be denied or terminated by DOE, resulting in the inability to perform the duties assigned and subsequent termination of employment.






 EEO





All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, or veteran status and any other protected class under state or federal law.






 Position Information





This Limited Term Employee (LTE) position is a temporary position for one year term, which may be renewed at Sandia's discretion up to a maximum of seven years.
 Individuals in LTE positions may bid on regular Sandia positions as internal candidates, and in some cases may be converted to regular career positions during their term if warranted by ongoing operational needs, continuing availability of funds, and satisfactory job performance.






Position: Site Reliability Engineering (AWS)
Location: San Jose, CA // Costa Mesa, CA// Allen, TX
Duration: 12+ Months
About the Role: 
The following experiences

Strong Terraform experience, building modules in AWS
Automation ( bash/python)
Python coding in scale of 1-10 minimum 6. If the team, ask him/her to write code they should be able to do it without hesitation
System admin experience and shell scripting

Job Type: Contract
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Terraform: 4 years (Preferred)
AWS: 8 years (Preferred)
Python: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Remote Director of Software Engineering (Cloud Native Security) for a well-known financial organization in the Raleigh-Durham, NC area. The Director of Software Engineering will be responsible for providing leadership and guidance to security engineering and developer peers. The ideal candidate for the Director of Software Engineering role will have experience securing cloud providers and platforms. 


Responsibilities for the Director of Software Engineering include:

 Assist in building tooling and platforms used by thousands of applications and developers
 Innovate in all aspects of the software development life cycle
 Leverage developer experience to build cross-cutting security applications, platforms, and tooling
 Employ problem solving skills to analyze engineering challenges

 Requirements for the Director of Software Engineering include:

 10+ years of professional programming experience in Java, Node.js, or Go
 Experience with securing cloud providers and platforms such as AWS and Azure
 Experience with infrastructure-as-code such as Terraform and CloudFormation
 Kubernetes operations and application delivery knowledge
 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience

 Compensation of the Director of Software Engineering:

 Salary Range: $150,000-$160,000 plus a bonus and comprehensive benefits package




10 years of experience working with AWS cloud services and a proven track record of building complex infrastructure.
Expert level knowledge with AWS design architecture and services EC2 IAM S3 etc.
Hands on experience with ECS EKS Kubernetes Docker MUST TLS Bash Shell. Hands on experience of programming in one of the languages such as Python Ruby Go Swift Java Net C or similar object-oriented language.
Experience with automating cloud native technologies deploying applications and provisioning infrastructure.
Hands on experience with Infrastructure as Code e g Terraform Ansible Cloud formation etc. Solid knowledge of server infrastructure virtualization and cloud computing.
Experience with architecting and maintaining high availability production systems.
Knowledge of system monitoring in a cloud environment including cloud specific products and tools. Good knowledge of security SAML OAuth OpenID Kerberos Policies entitlements etc.
Infrastructure deployment experience in the Public cloud. Knowledge of security controls for the Public cloud encryption of data in motion rest and key management.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Experience:

AWS DevOPs: 10 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


As a Curriculum Developer with a specialization in Python, you'll be responsible for creating and maintaining the labs, quizzes, and project materials used by our students as they learn what it takes to become successful developers. It will be your responsibility to ensure that the material is kept up to date with industry as well as educational best practices. You'll also have the opportunity to contribute to internal tooling and workflows that make it possible to manage hundreds of lessons across different programs.
 Responsibilities:

Develop new material to teach Python for web development
Respond to curriculum issues and feedback
Make updates to curriculum, such as clarifying instructions and ensuring curriculum works with the latest versions of languages and frameworks taught at Flatiron
Write quizzes to assess students understanding of the material
Write tests for labs to check for students completion
Provide support and training on Python curriculum for other members of the Software Engineering Curriculum and Delivery teams, including lecturers and instructors

Qualifications:

2+ years of experience in the Software Engineering industry, either in a developer or educational role
Experience with technical and/or curriculum writing
Strong understanding of Git and GitHub workflows
Strong understanding Python, including web development frameworks and ORMs
Experience with JavaScript and Java is a big plus.

Expected Compensation:

$80K-$100K Annually


 About Flatiron School
 Flatiron School teaches passionate, creative people how to launch careers in tech. We've been teaching since 2012, and now offer programs in software engineering, data science, and cybersecurity to bring our successful curriculum to more students. We are more than just a school — we are a team of mission-driven individuals trying to align education with reality. Since our inception in 2012, we've provided thousands of students with skills, community, and an immersive outcomes-driven program. To achieve these outcomes, we've never let ourselves stop growing – we've constantly iterated on our curriculum, evolved our teaching techniques, and created technology to improve our students' learning experience.
 Equal Employment Opportunity Commitment
 Flatiron School provides equal employment opportunity ("EEO") to all persons without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, relationship or association with a protected veteran, military status or any other legally protected characteristic. This includes recruiting, hiring, working conditions, benefits, and other employment matters such as pay, promotion, demotion, transfer, termination, and reduction in force. It is the policy of Flatiron School to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment and to ensure equal opportunity in all terms and conditions of employment or potential employment. All employment decisions shall be consistent with the principle of equal employment opportunity.
 Flatiron School values and encourages diversity and solicits applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, gender, sex, age, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, gender identity or expression, genetic information, change of sex or transgender status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. Flatiron School is committed to working with people from all walks of life. If you require a reasonable accommodation in any part of the employment process, please contact people@flatironschool.com




We help the world run better
 Our company culture is focused on helping our employees enable innovation by building breakthroughs together. How? We focus every day on building the foundation for tomorrow and creating a workplace that embraces differences, values flexibility, and is aligned to our purpose-driven and future-focused work. We offer a highly collaborative, caring team environment with a strong focus on learning and development, recognition for your individual contributions, and a variety of benefit options for you to choose from. Apply now!

 As a Senior Software Engineer, you will have the opportunity to influence the technical implementation of an SAP Concur wide feature toggle service, which is the foundation of our journey to frequent deployments, gradual rollout, and future expansion to become an A/B testing platform.

 What you’ll do:

 Join a high-performing agile team and help refine the team’s standards and processes.
 Meet internal users like app developers, principal architects, product managers to understand their job-to-be-done and concerns
 Drive technical evaluation of existing solutions and derive recommendations
 Ship clean, well-tested code that makes a real difference for our customers
 Deploy and operate the service in multiple AWS environments with zero downtime deployments and highest availability
 Assist and mentor other team members


 To accomplish this, you will need:

 Bachelor’s degree or above, computer science or related major
 5+ years of professional software development experience
 High proficiency with Javascript/Typescript, Node.js and React 
Experience with Go is nice to have
 Experience with non-relational/NoSQL databases is required with DynamoDB preferred
 Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, GitHub Actions, NewRelic, Kibana are nice to have
 Must be constantly learning and must be constantly teaching others on the team. This can come in the form of code reviews, one on one pairing sessions, group teaching sessions, and more


 Who we are:
 SAP Concur is offering cloud-based services that make it simple to manage travel and expenses. Founded in 1993, Concur services are used by 45,000 clients representing 66 million users in more than 150 countries.

 Your career at SAP Concur is what you make of it. You can forge your own path, work in different offices, switch business units or solve a problem that no one had before. We’re inspired by change and by each other, which is a major contributing factor to how we have retained the innovative culture that has created a market-leading team of 4,800 colleagues.

 To launch your career with an organization whose products have a real positive impact on people’s lives, apply today and see where your journey takes you. #LifeatConcur #WorkatConcur #LI Remote

 We build breakthroughs together
 SAP innovations help more than 400,000 customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with 200 million users and more than 100,000 employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, we build breakthroughs, together.
 We win with inclusion
 SAP’s culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better and more equitable world. SAP is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provide accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team: Careers@sap.com. For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
 EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:
 Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability.
 Requisition ID: 341829 | Work Area: Software-Design and Development | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | Additional Locations: #LI-Remote


Access Global Group has mulitple contract opportunities for a Front-end / JavaScript Engineer - Contractor to lend specific subject matter knowledge. 75% Remote / 25% NYC Office. 

Seeking a JavaScript Development Lead resource with responsibilities in building modules for Vue.js
Review user stories / requirements while building sustainable coding that will be tested and implemented in a sprint timeline
Modifying designs and specifications of complex applications
Analyzing code, requirements, system risks, and software reliability
Collaborating with front-end and back-end web developers

Qualifications

Full command of the modern JavaScript language including ES6 language additions such as array, map, and set methods; module architecture; arrow functions; object and array de-structuring; function parameter methods; and Promises
6+ year's experience in JavaScript development
Good knowledge of the Vue.js framework and related components such as Vuex and Vue Router
Experience in maintaining JavaScript applications and developing new features; Extensive experience configuring and running Webpack
Functional and Unit test-based frameworks to develop automated tests (Jest, Mocha, Jasmine, and Cucumber). Some experience with Functional Programming support released recently in TypeScript 2.0; Experience with Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) is preferred

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $100.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

COVID-19 considerations:as needed
Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
Angular: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Multiple Locations

X by 2 is a team of software architecture specialists, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for architecture excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.
We're looking for people that have been playing the role of senior data modeler/ETL developer, senior software engineer but seek accelerated opportunities to become data architects. These individuals have a passion for data and technology with the desire to hold impactful roles on challenging client projects.

Participate in data architecture definition, design and implementation
Play key roles in large projects. Senior Designer/Developer. Technical Lead.
Work through all stages of a data solution life cycle: analyze/profile data, create conceptual, logical & physical data model designs, design and develop ETL, reporting and analytics solutions
Design and develop data solutions for insurance, healthcare and other industries
Wear many hats and gain experience with tools, technologies and platforms across many technology stacks
Work closely and share ideas with fellow Data Architects and Senior Data Developers
Learn new things, and grow rapidly from constant exposure to innovative ideas, concepts, and patterns

Qualifications

Knowledge of data modeling and design patterns and the ability to apply them
Ability to learn and adapt quickly to new business domains and technologies
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and concisely
Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills
Hands-on experience with modern enterprise data architectures and data toolsets (ex: data warehouse, data marts, data lake, 3NF and dimensional models, modeling tools, profiling tools)
Willingness to travel on an occasional basis, as local and possibly out-of-state travel is required
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related is required

Our Philosophies

Agile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clients
Learning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworks
Deliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launch
No technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clients
Constant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool belt

Work Environment and Culture

Be surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levels
Collaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptions
Work in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performance
Open environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structures
Everyone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedback

Benefits and Perks

Health, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability
401(k) with employer match
Annual reviews, raises, and promotions
Programs: Professional Development, Wellness, Professional Dress allowance
Discretionary Points and Travel Points redeemable for cash or additional time off
Company sponsored social events for employees and families
Work-Life Balance: flexible hours, vacation days, sick days, personal days, holidays

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $109,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Strong Experience in C#, .NET, Azure and SQL
Experience for atleast 3 to 5years
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $55.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
ASP.NET: 1 year (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that is improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation is not about another gadget; it is about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There is no room for error. If you are looking for a better place to use your passion and your desire to drive change, this is the place to be. It's an opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) 
Careers with naviHealth. At naviHealth, our mission is to work with extraordinarily talented people who are committed to making a positive and powerful impact on society by transforming health care.  naviHealth is the result of almost two decades of dedicated visionary leaders and innovative organizations challenging the status quo for care transition solutions. We do health care differently and we are changing health care one patient at a time. 
naviHealth (nH) is building an ecosystem of partnerships in area of Post-Acute care with a goal of providing highly efficient and cost effective post-acute patient care software solutions. Navihealth is looking to hire a senior-level Devops Engineer who has experience in Octopus with Microsoft Technology stacks (C# and ASP.NET, T-SQL and SQL Server). This is a high impact DevOps opportunity on a very talented team. In this role, you will have responsibility for designing, developing, and maintaining the Continuous Integration process as well as automating many stages of release cycle. 
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges. 
Primary Responsibilities: 

Create an environment of continuous integration and delivery with early error detection during development and thrives on quality 
Develop and maintain a continuous and on-demand automated software build and release process on Windows 
Work with cross functional teams to drive and deploy improvement initiatives 
Troubleshoot follow-through issues and actions and drive them to completion in a timely fashion 
Provide system admin for tools, such as: Jenkins, Jira, Octopus, HP Fortify, OneLogin 
Keep abreast of technical and industry developments 

 You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in. 
Required Qualifications: 

BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent background 
5+ years in software development and/or release engineering 
3+ years of experience in a Dev Ops Position and 
Knowledge of all and mastery of many of the following product/technologies: 
     
Experience with MSSQL, SSIS 
Experience working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment 
Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service 
Solid exposure to Octopus/Jenkins, and experience with automation/CI 
Solid exposure to Source code control tools (TFS), build/ deployment tools 
Exposure to Atlassian suite of products( JIRA/Bamboo/BitBucket) 
Exposure ASP.NET MVC, AngularJS, Bootstrap CSS Framework, Web services (REST, JSON) 
Ability to conduct research into software-related issues and products 

Highly self-motivated and directed 

About naviHealth  Being a pioneer in post-acute management and care transitions with 19 years of experience, naviHealth is uniquely positioned to manage patients, improve clinical and financial outcomes, and share risk with payors and providers. We provide clinical service support alongside proprietary technology and advisory solutions that empower health systems, health plans and post-acute providers to navigate care episodes across the continuum, with the goal of reducing waste and improving patient outcomes. 
Our values  We care about the people we serve.  We care about each other.  We care about our communities.  We embrace innovation.  We like simple. 
naviHealth is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other protected status under applicable laws and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
© 2019 OptumCare. All rights reserved.  OptumCare is committed to creating an environment where physicians focus on what they do best: care for their patients. To do so, OptumCare provides administrative and business support services to both its owned and affiliated medical practices which are part of OptumCare. Each medical practice part and their physician employees have complete authority with regards to all medical decision-making and patient care. OptumCare’s support services do not interfere with or control the practice of medicine provided by the medical practices of any of their physicians. 
 To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment. 
 Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) 
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $66,100 to $118,300. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $72,800 to $129,900. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives. 
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy 
 Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.




Cornell University embraces diversity and seeks candidates who will contribute to a climate that supports students, faculty and staff of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented and/or marginalized identities to apply. 

As part of the university's comprehensive vaccination program , all Cornell employees are required to have and provide proof of an FDA-or WHO-authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccine or have obtained a university-approved disability/medical or religious exemption, regardless of their role and work location. 

New hires are required to provide documentation showing full vaccination status (that is, completion of two shots of the Moderna or Pfizer vaccine or one shot of the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson) before their first day of work. If a new hire's vaccination is not complete or information is not received by their start date, the first day of work will be delayed. It is possible in some cases that an offer of employment may be withdrawn. 

For additional information on Cornell’s Vaccination Compliance Program click here . 

Remote position 
The successful candidate will have the option to perform this role at a location of their choosing within the United States. This position is located in Ithaca, New York. 

No Visa sponsorship available for this position. 

What is Cornell University and what is Information Technology @ Cornell?  Cornell University, unique among peers, is the federal land-grant institution of New York State, a private endowed university, and a member of the Ivy League. Information technologies (IT) is a strategic enabler, partnering across the Cornell Community to deliver efficient, reliable, and innovative technology solutions to consistently meet the needs of our customers, Staff working in IT are found in most colleges and units across Cornell. Check out this link to find out more about IT@Cornell . 

What you will do: 
As a member of the Cornell Central IT Salesforce team, the Salesforce Developer , will help us design, develop, and deploy innovative CRM (constituent relationship management) solutions to support areas such as academic advising, student engagement, corporate engagement, mass communications and marketing. 

Who you are: 
You are a self-motivated researcher and problem solver that takes joy learning new technologies and addressing complex business problems. Your efforts will directly contribute to support the development of critical solutions in Salesforce and downstream systems that interact with Salesforce. You will work on multiple projects that involve various end users. You are a proactive communicator and can communicate technical concepts, even to those the non-technical members of the organization. You are someone who enjoys collaboration on projects and in teams and meet your deadlines. 

Additionally, you will have: 
A bachelor's degree in information technology/computer science or related field and a minimum of three years of Salesforce developer experience OR an equivalent combination of experience and/or education along with: 

Technical understanding of the Salesforce platform and its capabilities, including declarative/programmatic development in Apex, Javascript and Flow. This includes experience with developing Apex triggers, Apex classes (including test classes), Lightning Components and VisualForce pages. 
Solid knowledge of SQL, SOQL, SOSL, database design concepts and an understanding of relational databases. 
Thorough understanding of Salesforce security, permissions, profiles, etc. 
Experience developing and customizing Salesforce.com applications via web services, Apex, Lightning Components, Lightning apps and record pages. 
Experience creating Salesforce Reports and Dashboards (Einstein Analytics/Tableau CRM experience a plus) 


What we offer: 
Great benefits that include educational benefits, access to a plethora of wellness programs, employee discounts, health care, paid vacation, health/personal time, 12 university paid holidays (including end of year winter break through New Year’s Day) and employer retirement contributions. 

Cornell is situated in picturesque Ithaca, New York, the heart of the Finger Lakes. Ithaca is home to two academic institutions, state parks, waterfalls, gorges, and a wide range of art galleries, theaters, eateries, wineries, and breweries. Ithaca is an active and diverse community to work and thrive in and has something to suit all ages and interests! 

University Job Title: Applications Programmer III 
  Job Family: Information Technology 
  Level: F 
  Pay Rate Type: Salary 
  Company: Endowed 
  Contact Name: Susie Jackson 
  Number of Openings: 1 
  
Job Titles and Pay Ranges: 
To learn more about Cornell’s non-union staff job titles and pay ranges, see Career Navigator . The final rate of pay for the successful candidate will be determined considering the following criteria: 

Prior relevant work or industry experience. 
Education level to the extent education is relevant to the position. 
Unique applicable skills. 


Current Employees: 
If you currently work at Cornell University, please exit this website and log in to Workday using your Net ID and password. Select the Career icon on your Home dashboard to view jobs at Cornell. 

Online Submission Guidelines : 
Most positions at Cornell will require you to apply online and submit both a resume/CV and cover letter. You can upload documents either by “dragging and dropping” them into the dropbox or by using the “upload” icon on the application page. For more detailed instructions on how to apply to a job at Cornell, visit How We Hire on the HR website. 

Employment Assistance: 
For general questions about the position or the application process, please contact the Recruiter listed in the job posting or email mycareer@cornell.edu . 

If you require an accommodation for a disability in order to complete an employment application or to participate in the recruiting process, you are encouraged to contact Cornell University's Office of Institutional Equity and Title IX at voice (607) 255-2242, or email at equity@cornell.edu . 

Applicants that do not have internet access are encouraged to visit your local library, or local Department of Labor. You may also visit the office of Workforce Recruitment and Retention Monday - Friday between the hours of 8:30 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. to use a dedicated workstation to complete an online application. 

Notice to Applicants: 
Please read the required Notice to Applicants statement by clicking here . This notice contains important information about applying for a position at Cornell as well as some of your rights and responsibilities as an applicant. 

EEO Statement: 
Diversity and Inclusion are a part of Cornell University’s heritage. We are a recognized employer and educator valuing AA/EEO, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities. We also recognize a lawful preference in employment practices for Native Americans living on or near Indian reservations. Cornell University is an innovative Ivy League university and a great place to work. Our inclusive community of scholars, students, and staff impart an uncommon sense of larger purpose, and contribute creative ideas to further the university's mission of teaching, discovery, and engagement. 
2022-05-17-07:00
 


Travel Required: Less than 10% 
Public Trust: NACLC (T3) 
Requisition Type: Regular 

We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.

 GDIT Technology Shared Services (TSS) is your place! You make it your own by bringing your ideas and unique perspective to our culture. By owning your opportunity at GDIT, you are helping us ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter.

 At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Sr. Web Developer supporting our Digital Engineering Environment (DEE) team, you will be trusted to research, design, develop, test, and/or modifies enterprise-wide systems and/or applications software. This position will be worked remotely.

 In this role, a typical day will include the responsibilities below:

 Design and develop new web applications and services and be a major contributor to migrating existing applications and services to new solutions.
 Maintain and support existing web applications, including some non-business hour
 Develop robust, enterprise-class web sites
 Write and tune SQL and noSQL database queries
 Mentor team members and collaborating on design
 Design data models and web APIs
 Work closely with users in an iterative development environment


 Required qualifications: 

BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering, or in a related field (or equivalent years of experience)
 5+ years of web development experience
 Hands on professional experience with React + Django
 Experience with one or more object-oriented languages
 Experience with one or more scripted languages
 Experience with distributed and event driven design
 Experience working in multiple domains and have significant experience building web applications from start to finish.
 Experience developed web applications that include architectural characteristics like scalability, reliability, elasticity, security and resiliency using modern development tools.
 Experience in optimizing development for a cloud environment.
 Experience with Testing frameworks and providing operational user support
 Customer contract requires US Citizenship


 Preferred qualifications:
 Experience with the following:

 Java
 Python
 Hibernate
 Spring
 Pair Programming
 JQuery
 Tomcat Apache
 Cypress Testing Framework
 Docker
 Agile Teams
 CI/CD environment
 Business Applications
 Security compliance standards


 WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU: 

Full-flex work week
 401K with company match
 Internal mobility team dedicated to helping you own your career
 Collaborative teams of highly motivated critical thinkers and innovators
 Ability to make a real impact on the world around you


 GDIT CAREERS 
Opportunity Owned 
The likely salary range for this position is $84,000 - $126,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. 
View information about benefits and our total rewards program. 



About Our Work
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
COVID-19 Vaccination
 GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
 GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.



Job Description – Software Engineer – Full StackMedicom is a high-growth healthcare technology company that is dedicated to creating innovative solutions for patients, health systems, and life sciences companies. Medicom's core technology is a health information network that connects disparate Health IT systems so that information can be easily located, accessed, and shared across various healthcare enterprises. We are growing our teams of talented individuals as we take on new challenges. Every team member of our organization embodies our core values so that every customer can build a trusting relationship with our organization. This position is available as a remote position.You are a self-starter, always interested in learning, customer-focused, team-oriented, passionate about product quality and have a good understanding of agile software development principles.Job SummaryIn this role, you will work with other members of the development team to ensure our products are of the highest quality and customer satisfaction. You will:

Develop and Deploy software in a hybrid cloud environment
Use Test-Driven Development principles to build-in testing during development.
Participate in requirements and design discussions as well as code reviews.
Participate in customer issue discussions and offer solutions.

Required Qualifications

7 years of experience developing software
5 years of experience with object-oriented methods
5 years of experience with Javascript/Typescript, and Unit Testing Frameworks (Jest)
2 years of experience with microservices with AWS Lambda, EventBridge, and DynamoDB
3 years of experience with Test Driven Development.
Bachelor’s degree in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics).

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with Healthcare protocols such as DICOM, HL7, or FHIR
Experience with IntelliJ, Java programming
Experience with Domain-Driven Design
Experience with GitHub, GitHub actions, and CI/CD.
Experience with Vue.js

Job Type: Full-time



Job Detail





      Job Code 683369
     


      Tax Term W2 Hourly1099Corp To Corp
     


      Career Level Mid Level
     


      Experience 7 Years
     


      US Work Status US CitizenGreen Card HolderH-1B - Temporary VisaOPT - Temporary Visa
     


      Job Duration 6 Months
     


      Qualifications Bachelor's Degree 
     



Job Description


Excelraise, LLC is a rapidly growing full service IT solutions integrator and talent management company headquartered in Denver, CO. Our valued client*s includes fortune 500 companies, Government Agencies.
 Currently we are looking for a qualified individual to work as a QA Automation Engineer (Remote Job) with our direct client in Atlanta, GA.
 The Senior QA Automation Engineer is responsible for automating the testing scripts analyzing, testing, and resolving technical issues to ensure that developed products meet the design specifications. This position is responsible for leading and guiding QA for client Apps
 RESPONSIBILITIES

Setup the automation test environment using selenium tool and run the automated test cases for all client apps.
Develops and executes automated and/or manual software quality assurance testing.
Expertise in creating test plans, developing test scenarios for applications.
Creates and executes test designs, strategies, and cases.
Develops test methods for new or updated software projects to determine if the software will perform accurately and reliably according to documented requirements.
Create and execute automated test scripts using Selenium and .net.
Experience in writing SQL queries to debug the data.
Determines regression test scenarios to ensure existing functionality was not affected from new development.
Prepares data sets to test logic, error handling and system workflows.

SKILLS:

At least 7-year experience in setting up automation test environment using selenium tool and running the automation test script
At least 5-year experience in creating automated test scripts using Selenium and .Net
At least 5-year experience in Agile/Scrum Testing Experience using Azure DevOps
At least 5-year experience in Load Testing
At least 3- year experience in SQL Server Queries and Procs
At least 5-year experience in SQE process, SQE documentation, Agile development methodology, and testing
At least 5 -year experience in Organize, implement, and execute defined testing processes within the test team

 EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE

Bachelor’s degree in Computer related field preferred with five (5) to eight (8) years’ experience and/or equivalent work experience. Experience leading and mentoring multiple teams and projects required; or equivalent education and experience to successfully perform the essential duties of the job.



Required skills


   Agile/Scrum Testing automated test scripts Azure DevOps Load Testing
  



  Company Description
   At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
 At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon.
 We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
 Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
 We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
 Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.



  Job Description
   We are seeking a well-rounded Cloud DevOps to join our team. In this role, you will assist with Architecting, planning, maintaining, implementing, and optimizing our cloud environment in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Your skills will be used to leverage and promote cloud native solution and support our engineers to utilize Cloud base services effectively.
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Moderate knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, RHEL, Ubuntu, CentOS, Linux/Unix distributions), specifically with regards to system builds, configurations, and troubleshooting.
 Deep understanding of using automation tools such as Ansible, Terraform, etc.
 Deep understanding of cloud native services.
 Ability to architect solutions for various engineering team.
 Must have basic programming skills such as Python, Java scripts, etc.
 Deep understanding of CI/CD and tools associated: Jenkin, Bitbucket, etc.
 Supporting Infrastructure solution.
 Proactive monitoring of cloud resources to ensure optimal usage.
 Participate in On-Call system administration support including but not limited to weekends, holidays and after-business hours as required to service the need of the business.
 Excellent creating in-house documentation.




  Qualifications
   REQUIRED:

 Three+ years of work experience with hands-on technical experience and system designs.
 Three+ years architecting cloud native solutions (AWS, GCP).
 Understanding in Kubernetes-based architecture and implementation.
 Experience using Docker, AWS EKS, Rancher, Google GKE, etc.
 Experienced in implementing security features such as LDAP, ADFS, SSL, etc.
 Experienced provisioning, operating, and implementing Cloud base solutions.
 Able to work in a team-oriented and collaborative environment.
 Able to lead projects in a small team.
 Experience developing code in at least one high-level programing language to support Infrastructure as a Code.
 Moderate experience using Python or other programing language.
 Understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends.
 B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent work experience (preferred)
 Achieved Cloud certifications such as AWS / Google Cloud – Architect, Devops (preferred).

 Additional Information
   Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster.
 Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.
 Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 #LI-KS1

 Compensation & Benefits Details

 An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
 The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado or remote jobs that can be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future.
 You will also be eligible to participate in Western Digital's Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan and to receive equity awards under our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the terms of these programs. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
 Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.








      Court Name/Organization:
     

      New York Southern District Court
     




      Location:
     

      New York, NY
     




      Opening and Closing Dates:
     

      05/13/2022 - 06/10/2022
     




      Appointment Type:
     

      Permanent
     




      Classification Level/Grade:
     

      CL 27
     




      Salary:
     

      $61,564 - $100,056
     




      Link to Court Careers Information:
     

      https://nysd.uscourts.gov/about/employment-positions
     




      Announcement Number:
     

      22-20
     








Position Description

The Web Administrator/ Programmer is responsible for overseeing the development and continuing maintenance of the court’s internal and external websites in a manner that is consistent with the court’s vision, mission, and end-user needs. The incumbent is responsible for the support of application software and takes a lead role involving software development with multiple platforms, such as [Drupal, Apache, Html]. The Web Administrator/Programmer manages and deploys databases using SQL Server, develops complex project plans, and manages resources to ensure that projects are completed on time, and within budget. The Web Administrator/Programmer must possess exceptional customer service skills, and be able to effectively work with judges, chambers staff, court staff and public users. Must be available/willing to work on periodic after-hours maintenance windows.
The Web Administrator/Programmer manages all technical support of the court’s web sites, including underlying tree structures to multiple internal web sites, web pages, and/or applications. Oversees and coordinates the work performed by other IT staff, or contract personnel, involved with web development. The incumbent develops, operates, and maintains all court web sites and pages using established web technologies and programming languages. Coordinates all web development efforts, analyzing user needs and software requirements. The incumbent determines feasibility of design within time and cost constraints for new or revised web pages or application access. Works closely with court units and chambers staff to identify and define web site content and performs conversions of existing information into web format. The incumbent converts end user processes and procedures into a more intuitive form. Uses multi-media, graphic software, and other tools to redesign information into a more understandable form for web dissemination.
The Web Administrator/Programmer is responsible for developing web-based applications and databases using Open Database Connectivity and client/server techniques. Analyzes and assess the existing web structures, requirements, and technological developments to ensure full performance of the web sites. Develops policies and procedures, priorities, goals, and long-range objectives.

Qualification

To be considered for this position you must be a high school graduate, or equivalent. To qualify for the CL-27 level, you must have two years of specialized experience, or completion of the requirements for a bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university and one of the following. Overall “B” grade point average, standing in upper third of the class, 3.5 minimum average in field of study or completion of one year of graduate study (18 semester or 27 quarter hours) in an accredited university in a field closely related to the subject matter of this position.

Internal applicants who are permanent employees must be in their current position for one year to apply.


General Experience

In addition to excellent leadership and interpersonal skills, successful candidates must have a thorough knowledge and skill. Thorough knowledge and skill in the use of applicable programming languages, database, and web application design methodology and must be highly proficient in Drupal development administration. Knowledge of computer systems and networks, including skill in determining causes of operating errors. Skill in generating or adapting programs and technology to serve user needs. Skill in web site structure, design, and layout which enhances productivity and usability. Skill in documenting web design structure and programming code. Thorough knowledge and expertise in programming languages and application design. Knowledge of and skill in using current information technology applications and capabilities. Knowledge of and skill in identifying complex problems and reviewing alternatives. Expert knowledge of relational database theory and DBI layer. Knowledge of installation and configuration of application database servers. Skill and ability to break down complex projects into manageable components. Ability to design, develop, and modify computer programs for court needs. Advanced ability to utilize an IDE for development, testing, and debugging of software. Ability to install, configure, and utilize multiple operating systems. Ability to design, engineer, maintain, and support application programs for multiple platforms.

Specialized Experience

Progressively responsible experience providing support of application software development with multiple platforms such as: Drupal, Apache, and Html, and experience with managing and deploying databases using SQL Server, develops complex project plans, and manages resources.

Specialized work experience attained in other governmental and private sector positions may be creditable, but that experience must be evaluated to determine whether the level of experience is equivalent to work at the specified CL. All internal applicants requesting review of work experience outside the federal judiciary as part of the qualification process, please contact Human Resources.


Benefits


Paid annual and sick leave
Paid holidays
Employer subsidized health insurance
Group life insurance
Supplemental vision/dental insurance
Retirement Benefits Plan (FERS)
Thrift Savings Plan (TSP)
Flexible spending accounts
Transit subsidy program (pursuant to eligibility requirements)
Pre-tax benefit programs


This position is eligible for telework on an as need basis.


Miscellaneous

Applicants must be U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents seeking U.S. citizenship. All new hires must be vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment; exemptions/reasonable accommodations for medical/religious reasons may be provided on case-by-case basis prior to starting employment. Requests for exemptions will only be accepted once an offer of employment has been made. Employees of the United States District Court are not included in the government’s Civil Service classification and are at-will employees. All employees are required to adhere to the Code of Conduct for judicial employees. The successful candidate for this position is subject to a background check. This position is subject to mandatory electronic funds transfer for payment of net pay.

All internal applicants will receive an email confirming receipt of their application. If confirmation is not received within two days after the vacancy closes, please contact Human Resources.

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

How To Apply

To be considered for this position, please submit your resume detailing your education and work experience along with a cover letter. The cover letter must indicate the position for which you are applying, including the vacancy number, and identify how your education and/or experience relate to the duties and responsibilities of the position.
Only applications submitted via email will be accepted. It is preferred for the application to be submitted in a single PDF document, and for candidates to include the vacancy number and position title in the subject field of the email containing the application. Applications submitted as zip files, cloud files and/or links will not be accepted. Applications that do not conform to the above procedures will not be considered.
Please submit your application to: Personnel@nysd.uscourts.gov.

The federal Judiciary is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer.


Role: Application Developer ( Java )
Location: Eagan, MN (Remote)
Duration: Fulltime 
Job Description: 
Skill set: Core Java ,React JS ,Node js ,TypeScript
Required Skills: Core Java ,React JS 
Preferred Skills: Node js ,TypeScript
Responsibilities: 
6 to 9yrs of related professional experience. All relevant experience including work, education, transferable skills, and military experience will be considered. Design and development of backend features and components - Collaborating with other developers in design and development - Reducing the level of technical debt of the backend codebase Help triage bugs, track software defects, and ensure their timely resolution - Stewarding technical standards and quality
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Core java: 4 years (Preferred)
React: 4 years (Preferred)
Node.js: 2 years (Preferred)
TypeScript: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Demiurge Studios is seeking an experienced Producer to lead talented teams as they create mobile games. You will be an integral part of the project team’s leadership. Producers are asked to protect schedules, manage budgets, and shepherd our games into the hands of players!
At Demiurge you’ll find a stable studio with an amazing, collaborative culture and a deep respect for art in all our games. Our commitment to sane and sustainable development is well known in the Boston game community. We’re working with some of the industry’s biggest hitters on exciting new projects with tons of challenges and opportunities – come join us!
Please note, relocation assistance or remote work may be available for this role.
Key Responsibilities: 

Collaborate with project and studio leadership to evaluate trade-offs among scope, time-to-market, and quality
Synthesize design vision and product goals into a plan and schedule for software releases with meaningful increments in value
Proactively identify and assess risks in technology, timeline, and staffing
Coordinate development efforts from the front line, focusing effort, prioritizing and assigning tasks and keeping your team motivated
Close the loop with internal and external stakeholders, sharing progress and setting expectations
Author and maintain clear milestone deliverable documents
Mentor Associate Producers and make sure they have clear daily goals and objectives

Must Have Qualifications: 

3+ years game industry experience
Production credit on at least one shipped title for console, mobile, or PC
Experience running teams under a variety of agile and fixed-time development processes
Able to facilitate brainstorming and mediate decision making for a team of enthusiastic developers and leads
Experience managing cohesive, creative teams ranging in size from 5 to 20 people
Experience successfully working with external stakeholders and growing client accounts
The ability to confidently articulate and communicate ideas and concepts using written, verbal and presentation skills

Preference to Applicants with: 

Experience developing an online multiplayer title
Experience in live operations for a free-to-play title
Experience with Jira
Mastery of Microsoft Excel
An understanding of online and social gaming features
A love of video games!
Outside interests!!

About Us: 
Demiurge Studios is a rapidly growing video game developer based in Boston, MA. Creating games is our passion and we bring years of expertise to our projects. The teams at Demiurge build fun, accessible games like our hit, Marvel Puzzle Quest. We also provide co-development services to larger, best-in-industry game companies. In that capacity, Demiurge has contributed to titles such as Bioshock, Rock Band, and Mass Effect.
Demiurge Studios is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to diversity, equity and inclusion. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, or Veteran status. Demiurge Studios also makes workplace accommodations for individuals with disabilities or special needs.
Job Type: Full-time
Are you interested in how software can be made more secure?
Would you like to work with data to enable teams to mitigate security risks?
Join our Developer Productivity Team
The Developer Productivity team empowers Akamai engineers to develop and deliver Platform & Products into the cloud and on-premise with the highest efficiency and quality. We are passionate about building comprehensive systems, automated tools and extensible frameworks that facilitate the entire development and release lifecycle.
Partner with the best
As a Senior Software Development Engineer in Test, you will develop software solutions that will help to detect / track vulnerabilities across the systems in Akamai. You'll be collaborating with your users, our internal engineers, to design, shape and create innovative solutions.
As a Senior Software Development Engineer in Test, you will be responsible for:
Formulating and own test automation strategies and design for testing product features by closely working with the development team, architects and product managers.
Contributing to functional and performance testing of features with highly effective test coverage & automation
Using software development skills to develop tools, test frameworks and automation of the testing process
Investigating and analyzing the root cause of technical issues and document software defects.
Improving testing methodologies and procedures to enhance test automation efficiency
Do what you love
To be successful in this role you will:
Have 5 years of relevant experience and a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related technical field
Have demonstrated experience in developing test automation in Python
Possess experience working in Unix/Linux environment
Have experience developing and improving tests for automation frameworks
Demonstrate experience in automated testing of Rest API and Backend Distributed systems
Enjoy working as a team, collaborating and solving problems with others
Work in a way that works for you
We recognize that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best can vary for each person.
This is a flexible role and may be performed at your home and/or the local Akamai office (in the country advertised). We are happy to discuss working options in this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.
Working with us
At Akamai, were curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, youll thrive here.
Working for you
At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life:
Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavors
Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.
About us
Innovating on a global scale, we deliver our customers a fast, smart and secure intelligent edge platform. Working against a backdrop of digital collaboration, our highly skilled teams build progressive solutions that have the scope to transform entertainment, business, and life in ways that we have yet to imagine.
Join us
Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!
Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.
Akamai is committed to complying with COVID-19 requirements in the countries where it operates. For locations or roles subject to vaccination mandates, we require proof of vaccination or an approved exemption, if permitted, as a condition of employment. We will provide additional details regarding our vaccine record submission and exemption request protocols during the hiring and onboarding process.
#LI-Remote
POSITION TITLE:  Application Developer
SALARY:  $80,000 - $90,000
LOCATION:  Scranton, PA
COMPANY PROFILE: ACES$ Financial Management Services is a division of MyCIL. ACES$ provides payroll management solutions for persons with disabilities, their attendants, and the governmental and private organizations that oversee these consumer-directed programs.
Learn more at https://www.mycil.org/acess-financial-management-services.html
THE ROLE DEFINED:  ACES$ owns, builds, and maintains our own proprietary financial management software to serve the needs of these individuals and programs. ACES$ is actively recruiting a highly motivated, full stack, .NET Framework / .NET Core Software Developer. This dynamic individual will add to our Application Development Team’s 30+ years’ experience with building and improving core products for the people we serve.
Reporting to a Director of Application Development, the Application Developer will be a part of a fast paced and highly dynamic ACES$ Application Development team. We are a mission driven, passionate group of Application and Web Developers who want to build quality products for the populations we serve.

The individual possesses hands-on knowledge and has experience using the following technologies:
C#
MS-SQL T-SQL Queries and Stored Procedures
.NET Framework
.NET Core
.NET Core and .NET Framework MVC
Razor Pages, JQuery, and Bootstrap
REST Web Services
Entity Framework
We maintain an actively used Production Environment. This includes analyzing and resolving reported defects. A troubleshooting skillset and persistent attention to detail are required.
We enhance our C# and T-SQL based applications regularly. The ability to review and update C# applications and T-SQL Stored Procedures is required.
Front end development using the JQuery JavaScript library and the Bootstrap framework is plus.
Our technology stack includes batch applications that run at varying frequencies (near real time, daily, etc.). Experience with headless applications that integrate with REST Web Services, ingest data extracts, or produce reports is a plus.
Experience with Visual Studio 2017 is required

DESIRED EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: 

A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a Software Engineering-related studies preferred.
A minimum of 2 years work experience in application development.
Experience with supporting web-based MVC business applications and web services.
Excellent communication skills both oral and written.
Must have strong organizational and analytical skills.

DESIRED PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES: 

Ability to work independently on assigned tasks.
Positive interpersonal skills required.
Humility, passion and emotional intelligence are prerequisites for success.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS: 

Sedentary work: duties require exerting up to 10 lbs. of force occasionally (10-33% of time) and/or a minute amount of force frequently to lift, carry, push, and pull items such as files.
May involve bending, reaching, stooping, and lifting on occasion.
Works in a well-lit office area.

The above statements reflect the general duties considered necessary to describe the main functions of the position and shall not be considered as the detailed listing of all the job requirements that may be part of the position.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?
Are you willing to undergo a background check, in accordance with local law/regulations?

Work Location: Remote


Software Engineer II    Overview of Position Software Engineer II (remote) this position requires excellent problem solving and analytical skills in addition to a high level of competency in object-oriented design and programming. Produces commercial software components/services/solutions, execute moderate complexity software engineering assignments when provided high level business requirements and technical design guidelines from an architect or senior engineer with minimal supervision guidelines from an architect with minimal supervision
 What will be my duties and responsibilities in this job?

 List the primary duties/responsibilities in order of importance (from most to least).
 Include the percentage of time spent or required for each activity.
 For each primary duty or responsibility, describe how it is accomplished.
 List the duties that account for more than 5 percent of time or are critical to the successful performance of the job.
 The duties and responsibilities should clearly describe why the job is different from other jobs in the same family in terms of the complexity of the work performed or the character of the work

 What are the requirements needed for this position?

 A Bachelor’s degree in a related field
 At least five (5) years of professional experience developing software with the Java programming language

 or

 A Master’s degree with at least three (3) years of professional experience in software development with the Java programming language
 Demonstrated knowledge of standard programming concepts, practices, and algorithms
 Java
 PHP
 Apache
 Spring Framework
 Hibernate
 Java Swing
 Webservices
 Spring boot
 SQL syntax
 Microservices

 What other skills/experience would be helpful to have?

 React or Angular
 GitLab, Git, Jira, Jenkins,
 Octopus, Ansible
 Azure Cloud


 What are the working conditions and physical requirements of this job? 
Remote – Quite area with little to no background noise
 How much should I expect to travel?
 Employees in roles that require travel will need to be able to qualify for a company credit card or be able to use their own personal credit card for travel expenses and submit for reimbursement.

 #iWork4CHNG 
#ChangeHealthcareCareers
 #HiringNow
 #HealthcareTechnologyJobs
 #SoftwareEngineeringatCHNG
 #RemoteWork
 Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!

 COVID Vaccination Requirements

 We remain committed to doing our part to ensure the health, safety, and well-being of our team members and our communities. As such, we require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment and we may require periodic testing for certain roles. In addition, some roles require full COVID-19 vaccination as an essential job function. Change Healthcare adheres to COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance.

 Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement 

Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/eeo-law-poster and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf.

 If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

 Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy.

 California (US) Residents: By submitting an application to Change Healthcare for consideration of any employment opportunity, you acknowledge that you have read and understood Change Healthcare’s Privacy Notice to California Job Applicants Regarding the Collection of Personal Information.

 Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.




About JW Player:
 JW Player is the leading video software and data insights platform that gives our customers independence and control in today's Digital Video Economy. Founded over a decade ago as an open source video player, JW Player's technology platform now powers digital video for hundreds of thousands of businesses across EMEA, APAC and LATAM. Each month, there are over 1 billion viewers across 2.7 billion unique devices consuming video on JW Player's technology.
 The Engineering Team:
 Our Engineering team plays a big part in the company's success through the development of innovative technologies. Engineers at JW Player are passionate about writing code and solving complex problems. Equipped with modern tech stack, our Engineers attribute to helping drive monetization for our customers across billions of devices monthly.
 The Opportunity:
 We are looking for a talented engineer to join our DevOps team, responsible for our company infrastructure, network, software deployment systems, and internal tooling.
 As a DevOps Engineer, you will:

Manage AWS infrastructure and Kubernetes clusters
Develop and/or support applications and services for infrastructure automation, software deployments, etc.
Measure and maintain reliability through instrumentation and monitoring
Support engineering teams to ensure the highest levels of system and infrastructure availability
Work in a collaborative, cross-functional team that enjoys a high level of autonomy
Interface with multiple development teams to provide services and support
Participate in planning activities, code review, providing feedback and mentorship to your peers
Be available for occasional after hours support

Requirements of the role::

3+ years of experience with Linux administration
2+ years of experience with AWS
Scripting/coding ability in Bash, Python, Perl, or similar language
Experience with large scale web systems
Experience with automated configuration management (SaltStack, Chef, Puppet, etc.) and "infrastructure as code" (Terraform, CloudFormation, etc.)
Experience with Docker and containerization
Experience with monitoring and stats aggregation/visualization systems such as statsd, Prometheus, Datadog, Grafana
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, able to interact cross-functionally and drive technical discussions
Motivated, self-starter who enjoys working in a fast-paced environment
Knowledgeable in core computer science disciplines (data structures, algorithms, etc.)
Proven track record of ownership of maintainable, stable and scalable software and systems
You enjoy working with other engineers. You recognize there are multiple ways to engineer a solution and feel a code review is a chance to share knowledge, not judge others' code

Bonus Points:

B.S. in computer-related field
Contributed to existing open-source projects as well as your own
2+ years of software development experience, ideally in Python or Go
Experience using and administering Kubernetes, ideally on AWS
Experience with Kafka, Zookeeper, ElasticSearch
Network engineering including routing, firewalling, VPN, etc.
Database experience including SQL, NoSQL, and BigData
Continuous Delivery, test automation, deployment automation
LDAP / Active Directory

Perks of being at JW Player, U.S
 When you join JW Player, you are not just joining a company or a team but a family. Our goal is to take care of you and ensure you will be successful in your new role. Your success is our success!
 As a full time employee, you will qualify for:

Private Medical, Vision and Dental Coverage for you and your family
Competitive Paid Time Off
Stock Options Purchase Program
Quarterly and Annual Team Events - because team building is important!
Professional Career Program and Career Development Opportunities
Bi-Annual Hack Weeks for those who are interested in using their coding knowledge
Fireside chats with individuals in the JW Player family

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Welcome to Ross Stores, Inc., where our differences make us stronger… At Ross and dd’s, inclusion is a way of life. We care about our Associates and the communities we serve and we value their differences. We are committed to building diverse teams and an inclusive culture. We respect and celebrate the diversity of backgrounds, identities, and ideas of those who work and shop with us. Come join us as we continue our diversity, equality and inclusion journey!
GENERAL PURPOSE:

The DAM Solutions engineer is responsible for the engineering customization and ongoing enhancement implementations for our Digital Asset Management (DAM) platform and custom solutions. This role will report to the Technical Manager on the End User Productivity Digital team. They will work with multiple technical teams, such as architecture, security and business analysts. In addition, they will interface with business departments, such as Merchants and Marketing.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Drive technical priorities and owns delivery responsibility for DAM platform and solutions
Coordinate cross team dependencies and collaborates between various groups to design solutions and resolve technical issues

Establish naming convention and metadata taxonomy
Design imaging workflow for high volume digitization project in high volume production environments
Provide hands-on aid with complex technical solutions
Establish workflow protocols that improve image quality and increase productivity of teams working with digital assets
Engage with business and other technical stakeholders (operations, enterprise architecture, etc.) as necessary to manage technical requirements; helps estimation of costs and effort of work items
Commit to achievable and realistic goals and includes required stakeholders in the estimation / planning process to obtain diverse perspectives
Lead the technical design of the product or platform and ensure that the prescribed architecture, security, development best practices
Manage Asset traffic control; understands image quality control and databasing
Provide level 3 escalation support for overall DAM platform

COMPETENCIES:
People

Building Effect Teams (for managers of People and Projects)
Developing Talent (for managers of people only, N/A for this role/level)
Collaboration
Self

Leading by Example
Communicates Effectively
Ensures Accountability and Execution
Manages Conflict
Business

Business Acumen
Plans, Aligns and Prioritizes
Organizational Agility
With particular emphasis on the following specific position-related competencies:

Problem Solving

Dealing with Ambiguity
Customer Focus

QUALIFICATIONS AND SPECIAL SKILLS REQUIRED:

Bachelor's degree in any engineering or imaging/arts technology OR 5-7 years of software development experience with digital asset management tools

Extensive hands-on experience with the Digital Asset Management technologies

Ability to analyze and solve complex problems
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent attention and orientation toward meticulous work
Preferred Qualifications:

5+ years of experience as a Technical Architect/Engineer for Digital Asset Management Solution
Deep understanding of cloud based Digital Asset Management tools, preferably Bynder or Adobe
Experience building Media management workflows and developing custom use cases
Experience working with cross-functional teams, preferably Marketing
Understanding of how OTMM integrates with other enterprise production and systems

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/ADA:
Job requires ability to work in an office environment, primarily on a computer.

Requires sitting, standing, walking, hearing, talking on the telephone, attending in-person meetings, typing, and working with paper/files, etc.

Consistent timeliness and regular attendance.

Vision requirements: Ability to see information in print and/or electronically.
This role requires regular in-office presence, including to engage in in-person team interaction, meetings and collaboration, client support, mentoring, coaching, and/or feedback. However, this role can perform duties effectively using a combination of in-office and remote work.


SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:
None

DISCLAIMER:
This job description is a summary of the primary duties and responsibilities of the job and position. It is not intended to be a comprehensive or all-inclusive listing of duties and responsibilities. Contents are subject to change at management's discretion.

Ross is an equal employment opportunity employer. We consider individuals for employment or promotion according to their skills, abilities and experience. We believe that it is an essential part of the Company's overall commitment to attract, hire and develop a strong, talented and diverse workforce. Ross is committed to complying with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination based on race, color, religious creed, age, national origin, ancestry, physical, mental or developmental disability, sex (which includes pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), veteran status, military status, marital or registered domestic partnership status, medical condition (including cancer or genetic characteristics), genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, as well as any other category protected by federal, state or local laws.

#Hybrid

  Ruby on Rails Engineer 
  
Job Title: Ruby on Rails Engineer
   
Job Location: 100% Remote
   
Job Salary: DOE
   
 We are a healthcare data management company that focuses on behavioral health and case management across all healthcare platforms from patients, pharmacies, healthcare providers, and state governments. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be working on a variety of projects and tech stacks as we continue to grow in the healthcare industry. So if you have experience with full-stack web development and working with relational databases, let's chat today!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Design, develop, and debug all assigned components
Develop expert knowledge of existing applications
Analyze application problem areas and propose solutions
Proactively learn and utilize new technologies, concepts, and procedures as appropriate to project requirements
Work with the team to improve efficiencies, processes, and procedures

 What You Need for this Position

    Preferred 3-5+ years of Experience with:
   

Ruby on Rails
REACT or Vue.js
PostgreSQL
Full Stack development
SQL
Relational Databases

 Desired: 
   

Vue.js
AWS services: SAM, Lambda, CloudFormation, AWS CLI
Springboot
CSS / Javascript / Bootstrap 
Docker Kubernetes


 What's In It for You

Medical/Dental/Vision
401k 
PTO
Wellness Programs


    So, if you are a Senior Software Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Elizabeth Tiersten
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Ozmo
 Ozmo is seeking a talented, motivated full-stack Senior Software Engineer to join our growing team. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be focused on leading design and development using the latest software stacks and cloud technologies to continuously deliver new features and products. You will report directly to the Vice President of Engineering and work alongside an experienced and close-knit agile team to delight our customers.
 As a growing technology company, Ozmos focus is on solving tech support at scale. We build best-in-class software products that are used around the world to improve the lives of tens of millions of people each year by making technology more accessible. Ozmonauts are motivated to continuously improve and love to learn. We pride ourselves in doing exceptional work that delivers real value by transforming the way people think about technology.
 
What you will do:

 Lead design, development and testing of complex product features and services
 Architect project structure and deployment topology to deliver robust, maintainable solutions
 Evaluate, make judicious use of and contribute back to open source technologies
 Work with key customers to understand and document technical requirements
 Implement measurable technical standards to ensure long-term success
 Serve as a mentor to team members

 
What you bring to the role:

 Seven or more years of software development experience as part of a development team
 Two or more years developing dynamic web / HTML5 applications
 Excellent knowledge of web protocols, restful communication standards, and web security
 Two or more years developing server-side solutions to support web and other client applications
 Expert with at least one language and good with several others, such as React, Ruby/Rails, Node.js and Python
 Front-end development skills within HTML/CSS/Sass/Less/JavaScript
 Knowledge of one or more cloud platform service like AWS, Google or Azure
 Experience with SQL and/or NoSQL data stores
 Good understanding of version control workflow

 
Perks of being an Ozmonaut:

 Medical, vision, dental and life insurance along with short- and long-term disability
 Paid time off (PTO) that grows the longer you're with Ozmo as well as paid holidays
 401k to save for retirement with employer matching
 Paid maternity and bonding leave for new parents
 Paid pawternity leave when you bring a new pet into your life
 One-month sabbatical after you have been with Ozmo for seven years
 Flexible, hybrid work options available to support your best work

 
This position is a fully remote. Applicants must be based in the continental US.
 Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. Ozmo does not sponsor employment visas.
 Ozmo participates in the E-verify program.
 Ozmo does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Powered by JazzHR
 PI178360505



Full-Stack PHP Web Developer

 US-NY-New York
  

Job ID: 2022-1774
  
# of Openings: 1
  
Category: Web Developer
   BESTMSLs
  

Overview
 Full-Stack PHP Web Developer
 
TheDoctorsChannel.com is looking for a Full-Stack PHP Web Developer to join our digital team. This position can be fully remote.
 Responsibilities
 In this position you will build and maintain the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript necessary to bring UI designs and interactions to life across a variety of devices. Your work will be implemented on several public web sites (such as TheDoctorsChannel.com) and private web and mobile apps we create for our clients.
 
You will also build server-side PHP code supporting sites/tools built on WordPress and other frameworks.
 
As part of a small team of designers, developers, and product managers you will have the opportunity to make meaningful contributions to the design and direction of projects spanning a wide variety of disciplines and technologies.
 Qualifications
 Must-have skills and experience:

 Experience building web applications with PHP
 Experience coding responsive web layouts
 Ability to write standards-compliant, semantically correct HTML
 Ability to write well-structured CSS to create complex responsive layouts, including the use of modern features like flexbox
 Experience writing front-end JavaScript code (natively and/or with jQuery) to perform tasks such as event handling, DOM manipulation, XHRs, etc.
 Familiarity with DOM concepts and interacting with the DOM using JavaScript
 Familiarity with modern PHP features
 Ability to understand and debug browser/platform-specific layout issues
 Ability to use browser-based developer tools to understand and debug rendering, network, and JavaScript issues
 Enough familiarity with Photoshop to navigate a designer's mock-ups to extract the sizes, colors, typography, etc. used in the design elements
 A good eye for design and excellent attention to detail to ensure adherence to our internal and client brand guidelines when implementing designs
 Excellent verbal and written communication skill

 Nice-to-have skills and experience:

 Experience extending WordPress-based sites with custom PHP code
 Experience performing basic administration tasks on Linux-based web servers
 Familiarity with a front-end responsive framework such as Bootstrap

 
About The Doctor's Channel and BESTMSLs, Inc.
 
The Doctor's Channel (www.thedoctorschannel.com) is based in New York and delivers free expert medical information and education condensed into 1-2 minute streaming videos that get right to the point. The Doctor's Channel was founded in 2007 by David Best, MD, MBA, and Michael Banks, MD.
 
The Doctor's Channel is part of BESTMSLs, a technology-focused medical education and medical affairs consultancy.
 PI177845052


JOBID: KCIDC104242MD0520
The primary responsibility of this role will be to provide technical application administration, development, consulting, and leadership for configuring, extending, modifying, and maintaining the NetSuite Midmarket Manufacturing Application and SuiteCommerce website for our client.
Required Experience, Skills, Knowledge:
· NetSuite administrator functionalities such as creating roles, assigning roles, creating workflows, configuring NetSuite settings etc.
· Develop NetSuite workflows, saved searches, CSV Imports, SuiteAnalytics datasets and tables.
· Experience developing with SuiteCommerce Advanced (SCA).
· Proficient in the creation of extensibility APIs.
· Proficient with CPQ (formerly Verenia SoleCPQ).
· Experience in the SuiteCloud platform:
o SuiteScript (User Event scripting, Workflows, Restlets, Map/Reduce, etc.)
o SuiteFlow
o SuiteTalk
o SuiteBuilder
o SuiteBundler
o SuiteAnalytics
o SuiteSocial (nice to have)
· Experience with the following NetSuite Modules/Functions:
o NetSuite Mid-Market Manufacturing
o SuiteCommerce Advanced
o Customer Relationship Management
o Personalized Catalog View
· Import/Export of Data from sandbox environment(s) to/from Production.
· Advanced level of NetSuite Customization & Management:
o Custom table and field creation and management.
o Forms Creation and Management, and Advanced Forms.
o Bundle and object management.
· Experience with JavaScript and related frameworks, including Node.js, Backbone.js, Handlebars, React, Angular, or others.
· Some experience with Java, C#, or other object-oriented programming language (C++, Python, PHP, Visual Basic.NET).
· Source control software such as GitLab.
· Functionally proficient as a NetSuite user. Able to advise users on ideal use cases for customizations vs native functionality.
Additional Details -
Interview Process: TEAMS remote interview process with camera on.
Duration: 2 years with 2 optional 2 year renewals.
Onsite/Remote: Local candidates or those willing to relocate are encouraged to apply. Must be a WI resident, but can work 100% remote unless needed in office on occasion.
Benefits -
Hourly rate for Corp to Corp/1099: $93.00
Hourly rate for W2: $71.00
Full-Time W2 employees may receive the following benefits:

Health and Dental Insurance
Life Insurance
Short/Long Term Disability Insurance
Simple IRA
Referral Bonus
Employee Assistance Program

Keystone Consulting, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.
Keystone Consulting, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, please see our Indeed profile.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Referral program
Retirement plan

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

NetSuite: 5 years (Required)
SuiteCommerce Advanced: 5 years (Required)
SuiteCloud platform: 5 years (Required)
NetSuite Mid-Market Manufacturing: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

*Significant career growth track!
*Generous salary, benefits, and paid leave time
*Excellent work/life balance and team, collaborative company culture
Established and fast growing company has an exciting opportunity for a fully remote AWS / Azure Cloud Engineer! The stand out candidate will be able to seamlessly mesh tech know-how with business acumen to help navigate all of our cloud computing needs, including infrastructure design, maintenance, support and planning. Should have strong experience in cloud-based tech, platforms and applications, and have intimate knowledge of how to most effectively customize these attributes to our business.
Need to have expertise in connecting the dots and evolving our clients' cloud capabilities over time, while advancing as an engineer and keeping an eye on new developments that can support and implement the expansion of our company.
Excellent work/life balance and team, collaborative company culture!
Requirements: 

Must be a US citizen
5+ years of hands-on operation management of AWS in a large, complex environment
3+ years Azure cloud engineering experience
5+ years Linux Admin
5+ years Windows Admin
5+ years of experience with troubleshooting, managing and installing VPNs and Firewalls, in an AWS environment
5+ years building and managing containers, dockers, Kubernetes
General DevOps experience
DevSecOps & tools
Experience building infrastructure as code in Terraform
Passionate about emerging technology and the desire to further your cloud career

Nice to have: 

AWS Certifications
Azure Certifications
Splunk certification

TO APPLY: Please answer application questions and attach your resume
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you a US citizen?
Please list any certifications you have:

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

AWS cloud engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
Azure Cloud engineering: 3 years (Preferred)
installing VPNs and firewalls in AWS environment: 5 years (Preferred)
building and managing containers, dockers, Kubernetes: 5 years (Preferred)
Linux and Windows: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! First American's National Production Services division provides global title and escrow production support across all channels within First American Title including the Mortgage Services, Commercial, Direct, and Agency divisions. Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary

 We are looking for a Senior DevOps engineer to join our DevOps team focused on the digital transformation of our business applications into the Cloud. Our team is responsible for working with our AppDev team on developing code that can be deployed in a repeatable automated method using DevOps industry best practices. Participate in the automation, deployment, debugging, and maintenance of software code to build and deploy our customer-facing business applications. Work with AppDev teams to understand problems with software build and deployments. Help AppDev create Build/Application/Database servers for Business Application based on documentation provided. Develop and maintain deployment Framework (Infrastructure as Code) for application and database automations.

 ******** 100% Remote Opportunity *********

 Essential Functions

 Devises/modifies procedures to solve problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and desired results.
 Designs, codes, test and debugs deployment Framework as needed. Documents deployment procedures and changes.
 Consult with PM’s and develop business relationships and integrate activities with other IT departments to ensure successful integration.
 Expert in Source control tools and provides support for complex administration tasks for all Application Projects
 Expert in DBA tasks and work with Infrastructure and AppDev teams in trouble shooting complex Database issues.
 Experience in collaboration tool administration tasks and provide support in installation, configuration and upgrade tasks.
 Enhance and document onboarding process and provide feedback to team in process improvement.
 May lead small projects or regularly coach other team members to ensure business application systems are supported in a way that complies with established methodologies and practices.
 Monitor and report to management on the status of project efforts, anticipating/identifying issues that inhibit the attainment of project goals and implementing corrective actions.
 Foster and maintain good relationships with customers and IT colleagues to meet expected customer service levels.
 Implement Disaster recovery tasks in collaboration with AppDev teams for each onboarded applications.
 Experienced in Agile process and understand how to create a project, create user stories and assign tasks to SCM team members.

 Job Complexities

 Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of software configuration and support activities.
 Uses skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and established policies and procedures.
 Troubleshoots a wide variety of complex problems and identifies solutions within broad applications and functional expertise.
 Regularly provides input to define and implement conceptual issues.
 Provide SCM team support to onboard new application.
 Provide SCM team support for Disaster recovery tasks.
 Provide on call support on weekends and holidays.
 Work with external vendors to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues


 Knowledge and Skills/Technology Used

 Fluent in multiple application development languages & data structures at an expert level including javascript, python, .net, C#, json, xml, yaml.
 Current experience with various computer platforms and Cloud application environments including Azure, GCP and AWS.
 Expert in design and development of automation tools and scripting languages including Terraform, Groovy, python, shell
 Expert in Database administrations tasks and provide critical support including MSsql, MySql, Postgress, AWS RDS/Aurora, Redshift.
 Expert in continuous integration products and collaboration tools including Jenkins, TeamCity, BitBucket, Jira
 Solid Project Management skills.
 Solid Presentation skills.
 Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
 Provides excellent customer service to customer base and mentors junior team members.


 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience

 Typical Range of Experience

 Typically 5-7 years of directly related experience


 #techreferral
 #LI-NM1
 #NPSIT

 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.


At Generac, our people help make the world safer, brighter, and more productive. We are united by our efforts to inspire change for a better world; impact our people and community; influence and achieve positive results; and innovate the industry. Our shared goals allow people with diverse backgrounds and points of view to work together, bringing our global customers peace of mind through reliable products and exceptional support.
Why Generac?

Competitive PTO + Holiday Package
Hybrid/Flexible work from home options and or remote work
State of the art facility with access to onsite gym, cafe + nature preserve
Opportunity to work on high level technology solutions + work on digital solutions

You’ll be a critical member of our software product team developing iPhone, Android and web apps that will enable IoT devices. This isn’t an average position where you might be restricted to one small piece of the applications existing technology but the opportunity to create engaging software as part of a commercial product.
You’ll need to be advanced in mobile device API’s, web technologies, hosting infrastructures, and design patterns. Working closely with the application architect you be responsible for the on-time delivery of functionality contained within the sprint, assist with backlog grooming, perform development activities, drive continuous integration/build, automated unit testing, design standards and agile development best practices.This position is expected to be able to breakdown highly technical challenges and act as a technical leader in support of mentoring junior software developers on the team.

Write code to develop new applications and enhancements to existing web and mobile applications using best practice design patterns to ensure robust scalability
Ensure compatibility and interoperability of the product API with external API consumers
Implement application designs that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs
Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions which balance business requirements with Generac's technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution
Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends

Minimal Qualifications:

Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience
5 years' experience in commercial software development in one or more of the following roles: Software Developer, Software Engineer, Systems Analyst, or equivalent
Prior experience leading or mentoring technical employees
Prior development experience including: web, API, database, cloud, and mobile applications
Experience building code using .NET stack
Experience in event-based systems, micro services, JS UI frameworks, and unit testing
Data modeling experience

Preferred Qualifications:

Xamarin
react native
Ionic
Vue.js

Knowledge & Skills:

Proficient understanding of secure coding practices
Ability to utilize OpenID (OIDC) and/or OAuth2 authentication flows
Prior use of CI/CD principles
Advanced knowledge of application development
Ability to work as part of large implementation team that executes in agile fashion
Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal skills
Strong attention to detail and time management skills

Physical demands: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear; and use hands to manipulate objects or controls. The employee is regularly required to stand and walk. On occasion the incumbent may be required to stoop, bend or reach above the shoulders. The employee must occasionally lift up to 25 pounds. Specific conditions of this job include are typical of frequent and continuous computer-based work requiring periods of sitting, close vision and ability to adjust focus. Occasional travel.
“We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.”
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Preferred)
React Native: 3 years (Preferred)
Xamarin: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
A career in Information Technology, within Internal Firm Services, will provide you with the opportunity to support our core business functions by deploying applications that enable our people to work more efficiently and deliver the highest levels of service to our clients. You’ll focus on managing the design and implementation of technology infrastructure within PwC, developing and enhancing both client and internal facing applications within PwC, and providing technology tools that help create a competitive advantage for the Firm to drive strategic business growth.

Our Applications Programming - Practice Support team helps translate PwC’s business requirements through efficient and effective Information Technology software applications. We design, develop, test, and implement sophisticated software applications in support of the firms needs and requirements.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
High School Diploma

Minimum Years of Experience:
2 year(s) of progressive roles focused on information technology applications and its overall impact on business strategies and productivity.

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Bachelor Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Information Technology

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following technical development areas:Angular 2 (or higher) or similar SPA frameworks (VUE etc);Mobile Application Development (preferably with Ionic);Application Integrations using RESTful web services;NoSQL Databases including MongoDB, Cassandra, DocumentDB and related databases;Cloud-based platforms and services such as Google Cloud Platform, MS Azure, AWS;Continuous integration/continuous deployment such as Git, Jenkins, VSTS, Puppet, Chef, Maven, Gradle, Ant; and,Containers such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Openshift.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas of application development:Writing JavaScript or TypeScript applications;Working with SQL Server or other comparable databases such as MySQL, Oracle and PostgreSQL;Working with HTML5 and CSS3;Using JavaScript unit testing tools such as Karma, Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc.;Using source control with Git and GitHub;Working within established Software Development Lifecycles and methodologies including agile, scrum, iterative and waterfall to support the success of the larger IT organization;Learning rapidly and continuously taking advantage of new technologies, concepts and business models; demonstrating a history of staying current in emerging technology trends;Displaying initiative and an ability to develop applications in a self-directed and self-disciplined manner with minimal direction;Researching and evaluating emerging technologies and novel approaches in order to make recommendations to enhance business processes and/or create competitive advantage to PwC;Working collaboratively with other developers, including participating in code reviews;Communicating effectively both verbally and written with project team members; and,Using robust analytic thinking skills with the ability to identify, debug, and resolve technical issues.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoifsseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote


Lead a team of SREs following Agile methodologies
Consult and collaborate across teams
Promote automation and self-service principles across SRE and DevOps Teams
Provision and manage infrastructure
Lead development of custom software
Mentor engineers

  MPI does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or based on an individual's status in any group or class protected by applicable federal, state or local law. MPI encourages applications from minorities, women, the disabled, protected veterans and all other qualified applicants.

 You have a background as a Site Reliability Engineer, or as a Database Reliability Engineer
You are familiar with databases like Oracle, MongoD, or MySQL
You have strong Cloud knowledge, AWS preferred
You have a background in Software Development, Java or Python preferred
You have experience with people management

 The client is one of the largest media companies in the world. They encourage everyone to be their authentic self and strive to create a diverse and inclusive culture.

 Base Salary ranging from $145,000-$165,000
10% Annual Bonus
$15,000 LTI
Matching 401k
Excellent health benefits
Click Apply to have your resume considered




  Applications Developer ( Angular/.NET) 
  
Title: Applications Developer ( Angular/.NET)
   
Location: Remote
   
Salary: $100,000- $130,000
   
Requirements:Minimum of 3 years experience with Angular and/or C#/.NET. This role is 80% frontend and 20% backend 
   
 We are a full-service loyalty marketing provider that creates programs designed to drive ROI while increasing employee and customer retention via brand name rewards. Our company creates and manages effective programs with targeted rewards and incentives. With access to over 15,000 products from the most popular brands, we are the leader in rewards and incentives.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    - Write high quality and testable code - - This role is 80% frontend ( Angular) and 20% backend ( C#/NET)
   

Work with key stakeholders throughout the SDLC including but not limited to design, development, QA, acceptance, deployment.
Customer and vendor integration via API and SSO
Performing system analysis, code modifications, and functional testing to troubleshoot application production issues


 What You Need for this Position

Minimum of 3 years of experience working with Angular or C# /.NET ( you do need to have experience with both angular and . NET)

 Preferred (Not Required):
  

Experience with Angular, jQuery, MVC, WebAPI desired 
Professional experience in creating mobile applications 
E-commerce website Development
 - Cloud computing\development - Azure 
  

Data security & encryption knowledge

 What's In It for You

Highly competitive base salary and overall compensation package
Full Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
Life Insurance coverage
401 (K) with generous company match
Paid time off (PTO)
Vacation, sick, and paid holidays


    If you're interested, please provide the following to get the ball rolling:
   
 1) Updated resume
    2) Salary requirements (a range would suffice)
    3) Interview availability this week
   
 My email is Jake.Deal@cybercoders.com
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Jake Deal
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 



  · . The primary purpose of this job is to lead and be responsible for designing, implementing, supporting, and monitoring emerging cloud environments. This position is a key resource for the implementation strategies in the cloud while driving cloud initiative in high performance grid computing and managing a scalable, continuous-integration architecture.
  
 Responsibilities
  
 Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of job duties and the position will perform other duties as assigned. 
  

Design, implement and maintain cloud-based services and solutions (AWS/Azure)
Provide technical vision for cloud technologies, and customized solutions to address complex environments.
Responsible for the integration of cloud technologies- IaaS, PaaS and Enterprise tools such as services, monitoring, logging and other development tools.
Collaborate with Cyber Security team in periodic reviews of the cloud security in order to implement strong security practices.
Use current or new tools to monitor environment including CloudWatch, CloudTrail and other services monitoring tools.
Create and maintain AWS networking: VPC, Subnets, Security Groups, VPN, Peer-to-Peer, NAT, Gateways, load balancers, IP-tables, Transit Gateways, Security Groups and ACL's
Write Cloud formation or Terraform scripts for Infrastructure as Code
Perform AWS Identity Access Management tasks including user accounts, roles and policies management
Responsible for stability, integrity and efficiency of the infrastructure and information systems that support core functions of the business.
Accountable for providing escalation support to troubleshoot and maintain production infrastructure and to resolve production issues and outages.
Participate in the planning and design of an enterprise Business Continuity Plan and Disaster Recovery Plan.
Comply with Incident Management and Change Management procedures and reporting practices.
Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge of the IT industry as it relates to the technologies identified as primary responsibilities including awareness of new or revised solutions and improved processes.
Develop and maintain up-to-date baselines for the secure configuration and operations of all inplace systems.
Assist junior staff in researching technical problems and complex designs in order to develop staff capabilities.
Participate in on-call 24x7 support as needed in the event of system outage or failure. 

 Qualifications
   Equivalent combination of education and experience is considered.
  

Bachelor’s Degree in related field is required. 
In lieu of a degree, combination of education and a minimum of ten (10) years of related work experience is required that provides the necessary skills and knowledge to perform all the essential job functions.
Minimum five (5) years hands-on experience in the design, development, and implementation in AWS cloud environment (VPC, IAM, AMI, S3, EC2, ELB, RDS, SQS, SNS, Route53 etc.) is required.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience in Linux systems administration. Understand AWS/Azure architectural best practices as well as experience in the use of programming/Scripting languages and Cloud Security.
Experience with DevOps tools and API Gateways (Apigee, MuleSoft) is a plus
Experience deploying and supporting medium to large IaaS, PaaS environments
Strong understanding of Network, Compute, Storage, Cloud and End-User technologies
Strong understanding of System design and integration with a thorough familiarity with multitiered application architecture and public, private, and hybrid cloud technologies.
Strong interpersonal, problem solving and multi-tasking skills desired.
Must be able to present system designs for user approval at formal reviews.
Strong problem solving and analytic skills.
Strong communication, documentation, and time management skills.
 Supervisory Responsibility
   This position will not supervise employees.
   Licenses and Certifications
   AWS: One or more Associate and Professional certifications are required
 


RESPONSIBILITIES:
 Kforce has a client in Atlanta, GA that is seeking a fully remote Senior Java Developer to join their team. 
 

Summary:
 This group supports the companies .COM and handles all the orders that are made from the .COM to in store pickup. Currently they are working on moving components out of sterling and into PCF/GCP. They are also working on adding more features to help distinguish different types of purchase orders/returns for different types of products. The tech stack is all Java 11, Spring boot, Cassandra, Kafka, and GCP/PCF. 
 

REQUIREMENTS:


7+ years of Java experience
Strong background with Java and Spring Boot; This team is all backend development building microservices from scratch
Java 11 knowledge a plus (Java 8 required)
Spring 5.2
Spring Boot 2.2 framework
Heavy messaging experience (Kafka)
Databases - (Oracle, Cassandra, Elastic Search, Redis)
Some form of cloud (Using GCP)
Lead experience is a plus
 Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.


  Immediate need for a talented 
  Java Cloud-Native Developer with experience in the
   Utility Industry. This is a 
  12+ Month
contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in
   Charlotte, NC (Remote). Please review the job description below,
  

Job ID: 22-35608


Key Responsibilities:

Creates, maintains, and enhances Java Cloud-Native microservices as part of a durable product team.
Researches evaluates and implements new technology to optimize application efficiency and usability.
Designs new functionality based on product backlog priorities and coordinates development efforts in collaboration with durable product teams and cross-functional organizations
Maintains records to document system and programming development and revisions.
Leverages CICD automation and best practices to deliver quality solutions to our end users
Applies iterative development to continuously deliver value through frequent deployments
Mentor’s other application developers in Java cloud-native development.
Ensures adherence to appropriate design, coding, and cybersecurity standards.
Leads design and code walk-thru as a presenter or reviewer.


Key Requirements and Technology Experience:
 Required Qualifications 
  
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. In lieu of a degree, 8 years of related business experience.
Work experience in addition to a degree: 5-10 years as an IT Application Developer with an emphasis on JAVA Cloud-Native development.
Java, Spring Boot, Oracle, SQL Server, Agile (Scrum and Kanban), Git
Full-stack development experience with exposure to Java cloud-native APIs
Understand and lead others in the use of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Familiarity with Bitbucket and Jira
Preferred Qualifications: 
  
Experience with event-driven architecture leveraging Kafka
Experience with Pivotal Cloud Foundry, AWS, Azure, GCP, or other cloud platforms
Exposure to code scanning tools such as SonarQube and CheckMarx
Our client is a leading
   Utility Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration. #CHA
 


We are looking for a Hands-on Azure DevOps Engineer for our global client based out of Los Angeles, CA.

 

This is a 100% remote role and a direct hire/permanent position-No 3rd parties please


Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 The Azure DevOps Engineer will be a member of the Infrastructure Technology Services team.
   This position will be responsible for assisting development teams with the planning and deployment of Azure services.
   The Azure DevOps Engineer will also provide support for the rest of the organization's server and cloud infrastructure.
   Work alongside project management teams to successfully monitor progress and implementation of initiatives.
  
Supervision: Works independently, coordinating directly with company management, vendor personnel, audit advisors and local/international IT staff. Reports directly to Senior Director, Infrastructure Technology Services team. Receives direction from the VP of Technology Operations, and CIO regarding corporate objectives.
  
Attributes: Possesses excellent decision-making and problem-solving skills. Proactive, rather than reactive. Unwavering ethics and integrity. Flexible and responsive with the ability to work in a matrixed, geographically dispersed environment. A well-developed results-oriented philosophy and work ethic; the ability to "get things done”.
  
Other Desirables: Experience managing systems in a large, international organization. Implementation, management, or experience with global technologies. Experience in following IT Governance practices including, but not limited to Change Management, and Incident Management.
  
Qualifications and desired experience:

7+ years of Linux and Windows Servers administration experience
General Active Directory Knowledge
5+ years' experience working with Azure cloud infrastructure, products, and services such as Azure Web App, Azure DevOps CI/CD, Resource Manager, Application Gateway, IaaS, PaaS, etc.
3+ years' experience using Infrastructure as Code tools such as Terraform
Proficient with source code management tools (Git, Azure DevOps)
Proficient in implementing and supporting container-based infrastructure on Azure (Docker, Kubernetes, AKS, etc.)
Proficient with Bash, PowerShell, Python, or other scripting languages
Experience with relational SQL databases and other related technologies (MS SQL Server, MySQL, Redis, MongoDB)
Experience in implementing Azure data analytics services (Data Lake, Databricks)
Ability to work independently without extensive oversight
Good communications and interpersonal skills
Positive customer service attitude
Organized and focus on quality
Strong attention to detail
Good verbal and written skills
An undergraduate degree is preferred
Technical certifications are a plus




Don't delay. Join the Software Resources team today!
 Software Resources specializes in connecting talented IT professionals with challenging job opportunities that transform jobs into careers.
   To meet our clients hiring needs, we continuously source talented IT Professionals with all levels of expertise and in all disciplines. We offer world class major medical, dental and vision benefits, 401(k) with match, short term disability, Life Insurance and AD&D. You, our future employees, can make a tremendous difference to our company and our clients. Please apply to this job and experience the Software Resources difference. You can view all of our jobs at https://www.softwareresources.com/careers/
  

Company Overview
 
 Software Resources is a national staffing and recruitment firm delivering the best candidates to our clients and the best jobs to our candidates since 1992. 
   We are a certified woman owned business in business to place contract, contract-to-hire, and direct-hire talent in Technology (IT, creative, marketing), finance, accounting, and executive-level positions. We serve many vertical markets including Entertainment/Media, Cruise Industry/Leisure travel, Hospitality, Government, Personal Care, Professional Services, Energy/Utilities, Security, and Financial Services.
  
 Headquartered in Lake Mary, FL in the Orlando metro area, we have branches and sales professionals across the US. Wherever you're located and whatever the need, count on Software Resources to provide exceptional candidates who are fully vetted and ready to go. Call 
  (800) 774-8036 or visit us online at https://www.softwareresources.com/ and leave the recruiting to us!
 

As aFull Stack Developer, you join a dynamic team supporting a highly visible federal contracts and company initiatives. The right candidate will have hands on experience designing and developing human centered design-based user interfaces, using modern technologies within an Agile environment. We are looking for candidates with a passion for usability and design, creating tools and interfaces that provide value to the user in the most intuitive ways. Experience developing proof of concept, demonstrations of technology, and technical challenges is highly desired.
The Program Mission…
This program will support a major Federal Agency’s mission to provide development and operational support of new and existing legacy mission-enabling applications. The team will work to modernize current applications by breaking them down into loosely coupled micro-services and leveraging a continuous integration / continuous delivery pipeline to enable an agile DevOps Strategy.
Requirements...

Object oriented analysis and design using common design patterns.
Must have experience with Java and Angular. Nodejs, Linux, and Python preferred.
Software Development background using any combination of Python, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular etc.
Experience with web development using (VS Code, Sublime Text, Atom, etc).
Knowledge of Relational Databases, SQL (Sybase, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle) and database performance tuning and optimization.
Consume and create from scratch RESTful services.
Convert annotated visual designs to fully functional web pages with associated assets (HTML, CSS, images, JavaScript, etc.).
Support production application - investigate and resolve production inquiries and issues.
Employ common application processes, coding standards, and performance standards.
Be a major player in all phases of the development lifecycle from user experience, design, architecture, development, testing, documentation, compliance, delivery, and maintenance.
Ensure reusability, consistency, and well tested user interface code.
Work on sprint teams using agile, rapid development in environment using Continuous Integration and deployment techniques.
Knowledge in data encryption and secure communications.
Works independently and efficiently in high-paced environment.
Excellent communication and writing skills

Desired Skills...

Jenkins, Artifactory, Splunk, and CI/CD pipelines, Elasticsearch, ELK support, Docker and Kubernetes experience.
Experience with Angular, React, C/C++, jQuery, Django, J2EE, Spring, Struts and SOLR.
Experience with open source back end technologies Node.js and NoSQL Database.
Experience with SSO, MFA and related technologies.
Ability to engineer scalable, maintainable, and secure enterprise level solutions with code standards and best practices.
Knowledge in data encryption and secure communications.
Experience in developing solutions that comply with various standards and security models.
Experience in cloud solutioning using various vendors and technologies.
Strong team collaboration and communications skills.
Agile development methodology experience (SAFe, LESS, Extreme, etc.).
Strong analytic, organization, presentation, customer service and facilitation skills.
Experience in implementing UI with 508 Accessibility standards.
Contribute and maintain pattern libraries for user interface components.
Support production application - investigate and resolve production inquiries and issues.

Years of Experience: 3-5+ years of related work experience in understanding and applying customer/user centered design concepts.
Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science/Engineering or related field.
Location: Remote
Clearance: Ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Clearance (US citizenship or Green Card Holder)
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90.00 - $120.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations
A career in Products and Technology is an opportunity to bring PwC's strategy to life by driving products and technology into everything we deliver. Our clients expect us to bring the right people and the right technology to solve their biggest problems; Products and Technology is here to help PwC meet that challenge and accelerate the growth of our business. We have skilled technologists, data scientists, product managers and business strategists who are using technology to accelerate change.


Our team plans, designs and implements the architectural vision for Infrastructure supporting the firm. Additionally, we support/troubleshoot issues related to the design and implementation of Infrastructure solutions.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Additional Educational Requirements:
In lieu of a Bachelor Degree, 12 years of professional experience involving technology-focused process improvements, transformations, and/or system implementations.
Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering, Computer Programming, Computer Systems Analysis, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Management of Technology, Business Application Programming, Engineering

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Performing as a team member to generate a vision, establishing direction, motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, coaching staff, and encouraging improvement and innovation;
Performing enterprise systems design, application scaling, performance evaluation, and architecture refinement;
Demonstrating experience with .NET/ Java, SPA (React/Angular), Javascript, NodeJS, Scala based platforms, open source tooling, MS and / or AWS cloud solutions;
Executing NoSQL database models, XML, relational and other database models and associated SQL;
Applying Natural Language Processing, Named Entity Recognition, Machine Learning and general unstructured data analytics; and,
Applying full stack development with comfort and familiarity of continuous integration tooling such as Docker, Jenkins/ Azure DevOps, Chef, and Puppet.
Demonstrating thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in:
Building enterprise or consumer products that scale;
Creating design documentation, assisting in project planning, and leading staff in the development of complex systems;
Applying algorithm optimization, system security, and distributed computing;
Building and orchestrating microservices across a distributed enterprise cloud architecture built for scalability and performance;
Performing code reviews for backend business services and assist in front end UI efforts; and,
Evaluating and selecting open source tools based on industry experience and familiarity with the open source community.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote

Build and implement monitoring and recovery tools to provide optimum delivery and resilience
.Onboard Snowflake, Qlik, Talend, Wherescape application logs to Elastic Observability logging platform.
Analyze application logs to implement threshold/rules and generate alerts/warnings on errors/long running processes.
Create Dashboards in Elastic Observability to monitor all application servers/logs in one place.Skills: 2+ years experience in Elastic Observability
Expert in log event aggregation, metric collection and application monitoring and event handling. (Elastic Observability, SCOM, AppD, Uptrends, AppInsights)

Cloud Platform: - Strong working knowledge of cloud services and architecture. (AWS, Azure) - Distributed Systems. (Architectures, high availability) with proficiency in installation in large scale enterprise environments.

Can easily work with programming languages. (.Net, C#, C++, Python).

Uses scripting languages or other tools to enable workflow automation. Administrative/Interpersonal Skills (All): - Self-motivated, Fast learner, Good verbal and written communication skills.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $55.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Elastic Observability: 2 years (Preferred)
AWS: 2 years (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 2 years (Preferred)
Logging: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Description
 Location: Remote, Johnston, RI
 Citizens is looking for a talented, highly motivated engineer to join the Network Services team. This team is responsible for deploying and supporting the network and voice infrastructure to over 1200 locations and is continually expanding its technological capabilities. With a combination of on-premise, colocation, and cloud infrastructure, Citizens is currently in a significant growth period that includes adopting new technologies across the enterprise. Automation is the key to meeting our demands; you will be responsible for conceiving, developing and launching tools to support network deployment, maintenance, and scale of data center and edge infrastructure. It requires a broad network engineering background that spans across multiple platforms: routing / switching / load balancing / firewalls.
 As a member of this team, you will have a unique opportunity to be involved in all aspects of networking at Citizens.

 Conceptualize, build, and maintain tools to support Infrastructure services 




Proactively find gaps that impact multiple teams/organizations, come up with the execution plan and drive the project and influence other teams 




Develop automated methods to detect, mitigate and remediate network events
 Help make the people around you move faster by identifying issues slowing the team down and driving changes to address them 




Lead/mentor other folks - Work with other team members from partner teams, understand their challenges, help them find a solution and enable them to write code to address it 




Drive requirements with vendors and third parties to align our internal tooling efforts
 5+ years of experience building software for network infrastructure 




Experience with programming languages (Python, Perl, or C++) 




Knowledge of Linux OS/networking 




Experience with network devices (routers, switches, load balancers) and knowledge of network routing protocols 




Experience with design and implementation of network operation system 




Experience debugging issues within custom code 




Knowledge of technology-agnostic approach to engineering 



Responsibilities

 Assist with managing the network tools infrastructure at Citizens Bank
 You will be responsible for conceiving, developing and launching tools to support network deployment, maintenance, and scale of data center and edge infrastructure
 As a member of this team, you will have a unique opportunity to be involved in all aspects of networking at Citizens
 Conceptualize, build, and maintain tools to support Infrastructure services
 Proactively find gaps that impact multiple teams/organizations, come up with the execution plan and drive the project and influence other teams
 Develop automated methods to detect, mitigate and remediate network events
 Help make the people around you move faster by identifying issues slowing the team down and driving changes to address them
 Lead/mentor other folks - Work with other team members from partner teams, understand their challenges, help them find a solution and enable them to write code to address it
 Help them by mentoring and assuring their quick ramp up within our environment
 Drive requirements with vendors and third parties to align our internal tooling efforts

 Qualifications


 5+ years of experience building software for network infrastructure 




Experience with programming languages (Python, Perl, or C++) 




Knowledge of Linux OS/networking 




Experience with deploying and managing Network Management & Monitoring Tools
 Knowledge of SQL Databases a plus
 Knowledge of Ansible a plus
 Experience with network devices (routers, switches, load balancers) and knowledge of network routing protocols 




Experience with design and implementation of network operation system 




Experience debugging issues within custom code 




Knowledge of technology-agnostic approach to engineering


 


Education
 Bachelor's degree in business or a related technical field preferred. Relevant work experience may be substituted in lieu of degree.
 Hours and Schedule:
 Hours: 40
 Schedule: M-F 8-5
 #LI-Sourcer3
 #LI-Remote

 This role is not available in Colorado


 Why Work for Us
 At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.
   Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
  
 Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates.


eNGINE builds Technical Teams. We are a Solutions and Placement firm shaped by decades of interaction with Technical professionals. Our inspiration is continuous learning and engagement with the markets we serve, the talent we represent, and the teams we build. Our Consulting Workforce is encouraged to enjoy career fulfillment in the form of challenging projects, schedule flexibility, and paid training/certifications. Successful outcomes start and finish with eNGINE.
eNGINE is seeking a 100% remote Ruby on Rails Developer for our Pittsburgh hiring services industry client.
In this role you'll work within an agile framework to help build web-based applications, features, & enhancements.
What we need from you: 

4+ years of experience with Ruby on Rails in an enterprise environment
Experience with the following: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, MongoDB, & AWS.
Intellectual curiosity - a desire to learn & work with new technologies & passion for building software a better way.

For finer details, please apply today!
No C2C please.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Ruby on Rails: 3 years (Required)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Greetings from Computer Enterprises Inc. kindly find the job description , Share your updated resume to process.
Job ID - 98539-1
Role – Automation Anywhere Intelligent Automation Developer 
Experience Required – 8+ years
Duration – 6+ month 
Location - Pittsburgh Pennsylvania 15222 United States
Job Description

Responsible for writing programs to maintain and control computer systems software for operating systems, networked systems, and database systems.
Responsible for creating the software platform, and then fine-tuning the final program after it has been made.
Seeking developers to work on Automation Anywhere platforms to build intelligent automation solutions for Our Customer Care Center as well as build integrations into backend systems using Springboot based APIs. Java development background is required.
Prior experience with development of APIs to integrate automation solutions is needed. Prior experience with Kore.AI or Automation Anywhere is needed.

Top Skills: 
Automation AnywhereSpringbootAPIJavaIntegrationKore. AI- nice to have
Degrees/Certifications/Years of Overall Experience Required: 
· High School Degree and Bachelor degree (computer science, software engineering, or relevant field)· 8+ years of experience required but a resource with proficiency in application most important
Education/Experience: 
High School Degree and Bachelors degree in computer science/relevant field or equivalent work experience required.
8+ years experience required.
Skills and Competencies: 

Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, customer service and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and manage one’s time.
Knowledge of the full software development lifecycle: from business/systems analysis, through requirements gathering and functional specification authoring, to development, testing and delivery.
Ability to troubleshoot issues and make system changes as needed to resolve issue.
Knowledge of computer development software, such as SQL, Java, J2EE, etc.

Major Job Duties and Responsibilities: 

Consult with engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software, develop specifications and performance requirements and resolve customer problems.
Advise customer about, or perform, maintenance of software system.
Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures. Inform customers or other departments on project status, proposals and technical issues such as software system design and maintenance.
Direct software programming and development of documentation.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Spring Boot: 4 years (Preferred)
Java: 4 years (Preferred)
Automation Anywhere: 8 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


JOB DESCRIPTION
OVERVIEW
Software Developer lead will provide leadership for developing/implementing information technology initiatives that enable the organization to manage data. Directs the planning and implementation of enterprise IT systems in support of business operations to improve cost effectiveness, service quality, and business development. 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES

Lead projects as they relate to the selection, acquisition, development, and installation of major information systems. Will also lead remote teams, offshore teams
In depth understanding on object-oriented programming. In depth understanding and expertise on Agile development
In depth understanding on the concept of relational database design/programming.
Able to perform system requirement analysis and documentation, as well as code, test, and debug system applications.
Able to review others’ code to check if it works as designed/follows standard.
Ability to provide estimations and timelines and deliver against set expectations
Understand and follow software development process and software development life cycle.
Good communication skills (verbal and written).
Team player who contributes to success of the department and company.
Conform with and abide by all regulations/laws, policies, work procedures and instructions.
Respond promptly when returning telephone calls and replying to correspondence and faxes. 
    
Exceptionally self-motivated directed and desire for personal growth.
Keen attention to detail. Exceptional service orientation.
Ability to motivate in a team-oriented collaborative environment.

Responsible for participating in quality assurance, compliance and in-service and continuing education activities as requested by Company.
Responsible for performing other duties and responsibilities as required.
Experience with systems design and development from business requirements analysis through to day-to-day management.
Proven experience in IT planning, organization, and development.

Education/Experience



BS/BA in computer science, or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 7+ years of varied development experiences 
Minimum of 2 years at management level.
6-10 years’ experience with one or more of the following technologies: SQL Server 2016, Angular 8, .NET Core 5.0, C#, HTML, JavaScript, Microsoft .NET Framework
Excellent leadership and team development skills.













Company Description:
 myCOI is an early industry-leader in the insurance technology space providing an innovative SaaS solution for tracking, processing, and managing certificates of insurance. Our Purpose - Erase the Worry through The Work We Do – Eliminating the disruptive impact of an insurance claim. Based in Indianapolis, myCOI’s proven track record of national growth and success has impacted hundreds of customers who use our products and services ranging from Fortune 100, Higher Education, Construction, Logistics, Healthcare, Property Management, down to some of our local favorite sports teams. myCOI Central offers an easy-to-use, cloud-based solution to protect organizations and ensure end-to-end compliance. It’s smart technology that has our industry expertise built right in-designed to provide a single place to view COI’s, compliance, and risk reporting, for vendors, suppliers, tenants, subcontractors, franchisees, and carriers. myCOI’s channel partners, a great leadership team that is energetic, innovative, and goal-oriented; along with living our core values: Unite, Reach, Own It, Choose Positive and Innovate, drives our continued growth and success.
 We work hard to maintain an open, supportive culture that promotes the pursuit of excellence. As a member of our team, you’ll enjoy a competitive compensation package, great work-life balance and an innovative, supportive culture. We know that myCOI’s success derives from great teamwork and each individual’s exceptional results. Join us on our mission to disrupt, innovate, and lead the industry!
 Position Summary:
 The Senior.NET Developer role is for a senior-level Developer who will work closely with Senior Developers, and in-house stakeholders, to design and implement new product features that evolve and improve the established product. As a key member of our technical team, you will participate and take ownership in modernizing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product that will provide intuitive end user adoption and a dynamic user experience. The role will assist in maintaining and improving upon the current product through enhancements and fixing defects. The Senior.Net Developer will directly impact a rapidly growing company by advancing the product through innovation and use of full stack modern web development technologies. As a key contributor to our success, you will thrive in an agile, entrepreneurial atmosphere on a diverse and experienced development team. Come thrive with a leader in the exciting, rapidly growing InsurTech industry! 
What Makes this a Great Opportunity:

 Represent a leading SaaS company with the most innovative technology in the industry and a 95% customer retention rate
 Work for a 2021 Indy Star Top Workplaces winner and 2021 TechPoint #MiraAwards Exceptional Employer Award nominee. 
          
Great work-life balance, company culture and benefits (including 401k & Paternity leave).

 Ability to inspire and transform by enhancing our products with more innovation and automation to positively disrupt the industry and further protect our customers.
 Work on a highly skilled technical development team that is collaborative, innovative, and strategic.
 Work on a truly modern product that is transforming the InsurTech industry.
 Work with supportive leadership and with co-workers focused on helping you succeed.
 Professional growth & learning opportunities 
Great work-life balance, company culture and 4-day workweek option

 Essential Responsibilities: 

Work closely with Senior Developers and in-house subject matter experts to help design and implement well-defined product features
 Under the guidance of Senior Developers, participate and take ownership in modernizing and advancing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product focused on quick user adoption and a great user experience
 Maintain, evolve, and improve the established product by implementing enhancements and fixing defects
 Utilization of the latest selected technology stack in your day to day development activities
 Takes initiative and is passionate about learning new technology 
Ability to work collaboratively and communicate open and honestly with team members
 Participate in update meetings that focus on daily workflows, enhancements, and technologies
 Other duties as assigned

 Travel Responsibilities:

 Minimal travel for learning and development opportunities when travel restrictions are lifted.

 Basic Qualifications:

 5+ years programming experience with .NET
 Understanding of .NET frameworks
 Well-versed in following technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, ASP.NET Web Forms (a plus), ASP.NET MVC, C#, Web API, Entity Framework, Microsoft SQL Server 2019 and above, Visual Studio 2019 and above
 Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Agile Methodologies
 Microsoft Azure DevOps
 REST based APIs
 Creativity and willingness to be open and share ideas
 OCR experience is a plus
 Willingness to work in a wide array of web, middle tier and database technologies

 Educational Requirements:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related discipline is preferred

 Compensation:

 Competitive compensation package

 Benefits:

 Medical
 401k
 HSA
 Dental
 Vision
 Short Term Disability Insurance
 Paternity and Maternity leave for expecting parents.
 Pet Insurance
 Life
 Paid Time Off (Holiday, Vacation, 8 hours community volunteer time)

 Location:

 Remote







 PI177593113



Our client is looking for a Node.js Developer to join their team for a 12+ month contract. In this role you must have a strong and continuously growing proficiency in RESTful API development focused on Node.js/Python. This includes actively participating in designing, developing, reviewing, testing and deploying APIs (including supporting infrastructure) to drive digital products. Your areas of expertise span historical best practices and innovations in the development of digital experiences. You have a passion for hands-on coding, putting the customer first and delivering an exceptional experience through the creation of extendable and re-usable products. You are curious to see where technology and the industry is going and constantly strive to keep up through personal projects and learning. If required, you must be willing to wear any of the other hats that is required to make the project successful and be always ready to learn new technology on the fly and deliver the results.  Responsibilities:

Innovate, Research & Evaluate new technologies and tools for a quality output
Architect, Design and Implement ensuring scalability, performance and security
Code and implement new algorithms to solve complex problems
Develop the technical solution and deploy to cloud instances for testing
Partner and collaborate with stakeholders and other technology teams
Integrate new api or microservices required to deliver the feature
Work in an Agile development environment while continuously evaluating and improving engineering processes
Ensure solutions are built to industry standard and follows rigid security requirements


 Must Have Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field (Master’s Degree preferred) or relevant experience
6+ years of Software Design & Development experience in RESTful API’s, Pub-Sub, and microservice architecture
Strong background in object-oriented or functional programming design and programming
Excellent Experience in 2 or more of languages - Node.js, Java, Python.
Proficient in transferring streams of data efficiently, so necessary action can be taken on them
Solid foundation and understanding of relational and NoSQL database principles.
Understanding of commonly used protocols such as https, WebSocket, Polling, XMPP, COAP, MQTT, etc
Strong understanding of REST, microservices architecture, network architecture & best security practices
Experience with API security frameworks, token management and user access control including OAuth, JWT, etc.
Understanding the nature of asynchronous programming and its quirks and workarounds
2+ years of experience using CI-CD tools like Jenkins, containers and cluster orchestration
Ability to work in an Agile /SCRUM environment.
Experience with unit, integration & Blackbox testing procedures and tools like Junit/TestNG/Cucumber, etc.
Strong writing and communication skills
Well organized with a bias for action with minimal direction.
Ravenous about learning technology and problem solving


 Good to Have:

Working knowledge of IoT platforms (e.g., Azure IoT Suite, AWS IoT, Google IoT Core or similar)
Experience in application management and monitoring of applications
Experience in securing complex distributed systems
Hands on experience with Kafka or other related stream processing frameworks
Good understanding of SDLC, Agile methodologies & Agile development experience
Experience with the AWS/Azure/Google Cloud eco-system, toolsets and deployment architecture
Working with modern development approaches (containerization, cloud, continuous delivery, micro-services, modular reactive web applications)
1-2 years of experience in eCommerce and Retail business



   Equal Employment Opportunity
   


   MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
  


   MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.
  



This company is unable to sponsor, cannot transfer sponsorship, nor work C2C at this time. This is a W2 only opportunity.
 A retail organization is seeking a Senior Application Developer with extensive exprience developing in C#. This is a contract-to-hire role and is remote, but candidates in eastern-time-zone are preferred. 
 Responsibilities:

 Designing, developing, and implementing technology solutions by creating new and modifying existing applications
 Requirements gathering, program design, coding, testing, debugging, documentation, and operations support of all systems
 Collaborating with the product owner to create and refine user stories 
Develop and commit to quarterly objectives and goals 
Estimate size and complexity of work 
Conduct research, design, and prototype
 Support and/or create the automation necessary to build continuous delivery pipeline
 Provide technical consulting 

Qualifications:

 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/IT or related field 
7+ years of software development experience
 7+ years of software development experience with C#
 5+ years of development experience with .NET Core 3.1 
5+ years of ReactJS experience is required. (Feature toggles/feature flag/deliver dark experience)
 Knowledge working on Azure DevOps pipelines
 In-depth knowledge of microservices 
Knowledge in Docker and Kubernetes
 Cloud Computing 
Experience in unit testing 
Mobile device development
 Experience working with Kafka or other streaming messenger platform is a plus




Kelly Technology is looking for a Site Reliability Lead Engineer open with our client, one of the leading security software development companies headquartered in EU.


Title: Site Reliability Lead Engineer Remote
Location: anywhere in U.S.
Client Industry: IT Software/IT Security
Contract-to-Hire with health benefits or Direct Hire with great benefits and bonus
100% Remote
Will work with Federal Government, thus must be a US Citizen (Dual Citizenship is not allowed)


JOB OVERVIEW
80% lead the SRE team of 8-10
20% perform the SRE tasks


Ownership of system deployment, product KPIs and SLA reporting.
Driving and developing the roadmap of the SRE team with an emphasis on deployment automation and observability.
Availability and performance of production services.
Deployment of upgrades and installation of new patches.
Troubleshooting, error logs analysis, reports generation, capacity planning


SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITITES
3 to 5 years of experience in management of reliability engineers and engineering teams.
3+ years of experience leading teams within a Cloud environment (AWS preferred).
3+ years of experience in leading teams with focus on CICD through Agile processing.
CI/CD automation and orchestration with Kubernetes, EKS, Helm, and Ansible.
Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems, CLI and administration.
Experience in production environments supporting mission-critical applications.
Working knowledge of Java, JVM management and configuration.


PREFERRED
Certification or relevant experience with AWS and/or Azure Cloud services a big plus.
Familiarity with SOC-2 and FedRamp.


Interested in this role? Please feel free to reach out directly 
Tina Zahradnik, Technical Recruiter at tina.zahradnik@kellyit.com or 720-315-1387


#TJP2022-SPEC

 You should know: Your safety matters! Vaccination against COVID-19 may be a requirement for this job in compliance with current client and governmental policies. A Kelly recruiter will confirm and share more details with you during the interview process. 


Why Kelly
®
?


By partnering with Kelly® Technology, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward.



About Kelly
®


At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. 
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance. ]]
 


  Senior Web Application Developer - REMOTE 
  
   We specialize in providing Wholesale, Targeted Email Marketing services with the most seasoned and forward thinking marketing experts in the industry. We achieve marketing success by providing fresh and responsive data through proprietary delivery methods that target and REACH customers to new and familiar brands alike, launching your brand to the next level.
   
 We are looking for a developer to join our company, someone who enjoys a good challenge, and taking an application to the next level. You would join one of our existing development teams, working on new features to our existing products, and help with our plans of taking our applications forward into the world of DevOps.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Developing new functionality within our software applications to meet our customer and internal needs, based on tickets.
Performing development, integration, test and documentation duties of the work, to ensure transparency in the work, and completion of tickets to be worked on for the Sprint Goal.
Ensure that the application meets performance standards for stability and resource utilization.
Write clean code that follows best practices and the team's standards.
Follow the accepted standards for developers that include writing unit tests, performing peer code reviews, design reviews with the team, and determining test plans.
Work as part of a Scrum or Kanban team on a project, and will be actively involved in our process.
Attend our Sprint Planning Meetings, as we work to determine the work we will commit to in our next sprint.
Be part of the Daily Scrums as we "Walk the Board" to determine our progress for the next 24 hours.
Work with the team to determine estimates for Product Backlog Refinement.
Communicate and work with the team as issues arise.
Ability to multitask and prioritize multiple incoming requests.

 The above is a list of the responsibilities that best represents our working conditions today. The job responsibilities can change over time as we adapt to changes needed by the business and our software development process.
   What You Need for this Position

    3+ years of professional development experience and knowledge of:
   

PHP
Angular
Laravel
MySQL

 Pluses:
   

AWS
VueJS
Docker or Kubernetes


 What's In It for You

    Competitive base salary ($110,000-$140,000/year) and overall compensation package
   

Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance
Voluntary Life Insurance and AD&D
Voluntary Long-Term Disability Insurance
Domestic Partner Benefits
Flexible Spending Account (Medical & Dependent Care)
Birthing, Recovery , and Bonding Leave 100% Employer Paid
Unlimited Paid Time Off
Paid Holidays
401k Plan Option
Monthly Employee Awards & Recognition
Company Sponsored Team Events



    So, if this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you!
   
 Either:
    1. Apply directly to this job opening here!
   
 Or
   
 2. E-mail directly for more information to patrick.solano@cybercoders.com
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Patrick Solano
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
JOB DESCRIPTION
Insight Global is looking for Site Reliability Engineer to work Remotely. In this role, you will work on a team accountable for telemetry, cost, security, performance, and reliability in AWS infrastructure. You will collaborate in a DevOps model with product development teams; designing, deploying, and managing automation tools that increase predictability as well as time to market while reducing cost. If you love to build developer tools, are well-versed in AWS services, have complex distributed system experience, and like engineering software solutions to solve cloud-related problems, then you will thrive in this position.
Common technologies in our ecosystem include:
Java, Go, Node, PHPLinux, WindowsApache Web, Nginx, IIS, Apache Tomcat, JettyDocker, AWS ECS, AWS EKS, and home-grown KubernetesELB, CloudFront, S3, EC2s, RDS, IAM, SQS, SES, SNS, Lambda, API Gateway, Kinesis, Lambda, ElasticCache, ElasticSearch, SSM, Control Tower, and much moreMySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQL ServerArtifactory, GitHub Enterprise, CircleCI, Jenkins, GitHub Actions, SonarQube, Jfrog X-Ray, Control TowerTerraform (preferred), CloudFormationPacker, Puppet, AnsibleNew Relic, CloudWatch, PagerDuty

Day to Day:
Participate in initiatives involving system design and provisioning, reliability, observability and monitoring, self-service tool development, cost optimization, incident response, chaos engineering and build and releaseHands-on design, analysis, development and troubleshooting of large-scale distributed systemsBuild tools and automation to eliminate repetitive tasks, minimize downtime, achieve human free operations, and provide self-service solutions to product development teamsWork to improve the observability and monitoring of our systems. Proactively monitor capacity, performance, and cost metrics to ensure quality and identify opportunities for improvementShare an on-call rotation with your team where you will respond to incidents, lead triage efforts, and conduct blameless postmortemsPartner with engineering, security, and product teams to keep our services reliable, available, fast, and cost efficientBe a champion of the customer’s voice and ensure our solutions are built with customer empathy at the forefrontPromote SRE best practices within your team to ensure quality, stability, performance, resiliency, and maintainability of your solutionsExplore new technologies and solutions to push our capabilities forward
Your contributions:
Cloud Engineering, Observability Engineering, DevSecOps, Systems Engineering, and Resiliency Engineering.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS5+ years of experience as a software engineer, Site Reliability Engineer, or DevOps Engineer
- Experience with infrastructure automation technologies - Terraform

Expertise in container/container-fleet-orchestration technologies like AWS ECS or EKS
Proven technical abilities in the areas of reliability, monitoring, self-service tool development, incident response, and build and releaseExperience in one of these languages: Python, Go or Java. Prior software development experience preferredStrong experience with Linux environmentsDemonstrated expertise designing, building, and triaging highly scaled production infrastructure in AWSExperience building ci/cd pipelines that are fast, informative, drive quality and achieve zero downtime releases

DESIRED SKILLSSoftware Development ExperienceLead Experience
Mavensoft is seeking an experiencedSoftware Engineer - Blackline, DevOps to be part of our Client’s Financial Reconciliation Team.Job Title: Software Engineer- Blackline, DevOpsJob Location: 100% RemoteDuration: 1- year
NOTE* Client is accepting only W2 Contractors. No 3rd parties please.
Key Skills: Blackline (Modules including: Account Reconciliation, Journals, Reporting and Open Item Management), Automated Job Scheduling, Import Definition, Match Set, Account Setup, Scrum, DevOps, Microservices, AWS and ERP SystemsP*roject Description: *The primary role on the team is to help deliver the next generation of commerce platform technology while working to elevate engineering practices and team capability. This technical role will also help improve the technical aptitude of the team through pairing, code reviews, innovation time and design discussions.
Job Duties: As a TEAM we regularly interact with Finance and Technology partners globally. It is our responsibility to partner with program, product, and engineering peers to ensure we are aligning appropriate technology outcomes with prioritized leadership initiatives. Resource will regularly engage with the engineers on our collaborative DevOps squads to plan and deliver outcomes where financial service, security, reliability, and performance globally at scale are expected. Along the way, you will also collaborate with other peers to ensure TEAM health is high, and that we are building trust and diversity in the Client Global Technology Organization.
Responsibilities: As a Financial Reconciliation Team Configuration Engineer, the primary role on the team will be to collaborate and deliver technical outcomes and support utilizing expert knowledge of the Blackline SaaS product modules as well as contemporary microservice architecture and design on our Financial Reconciliation Team. Resource will help design, build, test, deploy and maintain our technology. You will also help ensure we are delivering sustainable technology by being hands-on: doing peer reviews and providing technical direction. You will actively participate with engineering resources to support product outcomes.
Qualifications: 

2+ years Demonstrated experience implementing Blackline SaaS product modules within a SCRUM Team environment
2+ years’ Experience with Scrum and DevOps
Expert Familiarity utilizing Blackline Automated Job Scheduling as well as an understanding of common challenges and troubleshooting techniques.
Expert experience with: Blackline Import Definition creation using API and STFP endpoints
Expert Match Set in creation and optimization of match sets
Expert account setup and maintenance skills
Comprehensive understanding of Blackline Organizational Structure maintenance
Demonstrated experience with Blackline modules spanning Account Reconciliation, Journals, Reporting and Open Item Management
Able to confidently create In-Transit Definitions
Experience defining support programs, supporting and/ or maintaining complex financial integration environments using ServiceNow.
Effective Blackline production triage and support experience
Public cloud infrastructure experience (AWS preferred): AWS EC2, S3, SQS, Dynamo DB, and SNS.
Finance and/ or retail experience with high-volume transactional systems combining contemporary microservice architecture with ERP systems

Skills Required: 

The candidate needs to have experience and an understanding of contemporary development, testing, and observability techniques and tools in a DevOps environment, with demonstrated configuration experience using the Blackline SaaS product.
A learning mindset, excellent analytical skills, and strong written and verbal communication are essential.
A healthy TEAM culture is important to us.
We are excited about people who value diversity and encourage all voices to be heard

To learn more about Mavensoft visit us online at http://www.mavensoft.com/
Please apply Online.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95.00 - $105.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Multiple Locations
Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Cyber Software Engineer to join the development team on one of our (many) prime programs.
This Prime Contract is in year three (3) of a seven (7) year period of performance

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD
Telework Availability: TBD

What You Will Do:
The Cyber Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse software systems to ingest and manipulate extremely large data sets for real-time systems and business management information systems. Build and enhance high-visibility, collaborative web application tools used in the day-to-day mission, throughout the customer and across the broader Intelligence Community (IC). Your work will enable data to be updated and shared in real-time and will help drive more informed and timely decisions in matters of national security.
You will work with real-time data and create tools using cutting-edge visualization, development and analytic technologies.

Thus far, our team has created:
A streamlined, collaborative User Interface (UI) that shares data across agencies within the IC.
Cognitive Data Models to develop data transformations for easier consumption into the UI.
A UI that allows users to consolidate, organize, and reconcile data in a sandbox setting and updates real-time tabular, graphical, and map visualizations.
An analyst tool that enables users to quickly capture, document and access information.
A Day in the Life (Just a Few of the Things You Will Do): As a back-end developer with strong Java skills supports the Cyber Team to create, update or implement models for the ingest of new knowledge into the data repository. Be part of collaborative and diverse team of junior, senior and expert level developers and mission leaders allowing you to mentor and learn from others. High level of collaboration with multiple product teams to design solutions from the user’s perspective. Review and test software components and gain experience developing comprehensive system, performance, and design plans. Define data models to link existing applications in support of new data items; develop data mining and data ingest processes for new data; and support integration with middle-tier and back-end APIs. This includes Storing data in corporate solutions Mitigating attack patterns Converging data from malware Developing ETL processes to retrieve and deliver data across multiple persistence technologies in a performant manner Understanding and ensure corporate compliance rule sets are upheld Connecting to outside data sources to retrieve, collate, and cache data Writing automated unit and integration tests Monitoring running applications and troubleshooting errors. Required Education / Years of Experience: Twenty (20) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution plus a Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline from an accredited college or university is required OR Twenty-four (24) years of development experience may be substituted for candidates without a qualifying bachelor’s degree. Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
Active TS/SCI clearance with polygarph
Twenty (20) or more years of experience developing in support of web-based applications using high level Object Oriented languages (such as Java, C, C++), developing software in UNIX/Linux (RedHat versions 3-5+) and software integration and testing (to include developing and implementing test plans and scripts).
JavaScript and Front-end JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular or Vue.
Java or C++
HTML, CSS, PHP and Perl, Python, Ruby Experience with STYX Experience with writing analytics to query other corporate sources to enrich data. Experience with writing Niagara Files (NiFi) to process data transformations and data flows. Experience with distributed scalable Big Data Store (NoSQL) such as H Base, CloudBase/Accumulo, Big Table, etc., as well as the Map/Reduce programming model, the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), and technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Etc. Shall have demonstrated work experience with 1) Serialization such as JSON and/or BSON, 2) developing restful services, and 3) using source code management tools. Developing applications using Java application frameworks (i.e. Spring Boot) Experience developing applications interfacing with REST-based APIs/services in Apache Tomcat/Java or NodeJS. Full Software Development Lifecyle (SDLC) experience that includes twenty (20) years or more of: Analyzing and translating user requirements into software requirements
Experience with Java, JUnit, JSON, JSON Schema
Experience with REST, SpringBoot, Docker, ElasticSearch
Some experience with SQL (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, etc)
Knowledge of Graph (Neo4J) and/or Elastic is a plus
Developing software solutions by analyzing system performance standards
Providing both new software development and capabilities enhancement
Developing simple data queries for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Software Integration (new and existing systems)
Troubleshooting, debugging and defects correction
Creation and editing of software system documentation
Ensuring unit testing and software quality control of all developed and modified software
Serving as a mentor to junior team members Desired Experience/ Skills (Nice to Have): Experience with writing Linux based scripts to facilitate application integration using a one or more appropriate server-side languages (i.e. Shell, Python, etc.) Modify the repository schema of an existing application to support new data items, develop data mining and data ingest processes for new data, and support integration with middle-tier and back-end APIs Experience performing queries against large data sets Familiarity with customer Government off-the-Shelf (GOTS) corporate tools for data UI visualization. Experience working in an Agile software development environment Experience managing software code using Git & MAVEN Experience using Jira and Confluence Work in a team environment
BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
*Only W2 candidates will be considered for this position*
Our Fortune 50 telecom and media Client has two (2) openings for a SQL Developer.
The work doesn't revolve around a single project. There are 300 projects that this team is handling and each member is working on different projects. This group supports sales, marketing, finance and operations teams. Technologies focus in SQL, Tableau and Python. 90% of the role is with SQL with the remainder is mostly within Tableau.
Pay range is $35-39/hr on W2. This is a long-term contract position which is an ongoing position that is planned for extension.
There is a preference for onsite in Englewood, CO but remote within the US will be considered.
Responsibility: 
-Taking ownership of the development side of working with SQL Server.-Take ownership of existing database code and schema, as well as trouble shooting and improving.-Ensure production and development environments and maintenance.-Responsible for all aspects of database design, development and deployment.-Produce ER data models.-Advise on enhancing data integrity and availability.-Constantly improve the SQL Server environment, and processes.-Manage Integrity, Index Tuning, and Production refresh of SQL Server databases.
Skills: -Bachelor’s Degree.- 3+ years experience as a SQL Developer.- 2+ years of experience with Tableau- 2+ years of experience with Python- 2+ years experience with database design and development.- Excellent knowledge of XML Data type, XML Shredding and related performance tuning.
-Experience with the following: SOA, .net/C#, WCF and ORM.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $35.00 - $39.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

(Yes/No) Are you able to work on W2?

Experience:

Tableau: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Sr .NET Software Engineer - 100% Remote
 Description:
 -
 Our client is a fast-growing technology services company. We are searching for passionate, collaborative team members to join the team. In this role you will be performing full-stack development, performing all necessary tasks to design and deliver software end to end. Most of our work is built in the Microsoft ecosystem with a bias towards open platforms such as Docker, Kubernetes, and .NET Core.

Are you a problem solver who thrives solving technical challenges?
Do you take pride in your work?
Can you effectively work independently, yet reach out for guidance when necessary?
Do you value a small company, fast-paced collaborative team environment where you can have a material impact on a team?
Do you write clean and efficient code?

 Job Responsibilities:
 -

Full-stack development using .NET Core, Microsoft Azure, unit testing, and mock data generation.
Participating in agile software planning and development activities including daily standups, user story and task organization and grooming activities, and

 effort estimation

Analyze business and technical requirements to develop documentation, designs, code and tests
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively
Experience with technologies and tools such as JavaScript, JSON, HTML5, Angular5, Azure
Willingness to jump in where needed, learn new technologies, and work effectively across full stack
Outstanding analytical and programming skills

 Qualifications:
 -

5+ years of experience working with common languages and frameworks such as C# or Java
In-depth understanding of modern application design principles, DevOps, microservices, and .NET
Experience building enterprise-class software applications, preferably using workflow and dashboards
Strong analytical, quantitative and problem-solving abilities
Strong written and verbal communication skills including ability to convey proposed solutions through natural language, diagrams, and design patterns
Should be able to effectively communicate with business executives, consulting firms, and engineering teams.
B.S. in Computer Science or similar

 Top Skills:
 -

.NET Core
Docker
Azure DevOps

 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.



  Senior Embedded Linux Engineer 
  
   Looking for a Senior Linux Engineer for top notch company!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    Large, growing company partnered with big names such as Nike, Disney, Polaroid, etc.
    Work with a talented team of senior engineers on fulfilling projects
    Fully funded with ability to pay a competitive salary
    Work remotely with the opportunity for occasional travel on-site
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    The current project will be developing Medical Devices using C programming and Python technology . You will be working remotely with the occasional travel to the Seattle or San Francisco offices. The key is finding someone with great interpersonal skills who can communicate well among a team environment as well as with clients.
  
 What You Need for this Position

Linux
Python
GPIO
C programming
Senior level engineer
Can work autonomously on your own as well as being a strong team player
Strong interpersonal skills to interact with clients and team

 What's In It for You

    Medical Benefits
    Dental Benefits
    $180,000-$200,000 annual salary
    401 K
  

    Don't miss out on this amazing opportunity! Reach out today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Andy Prickett
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Job Details
  
 Compensation: $95,000 - $115,000 ***(Based On Experience)***
  
 Remote Software Engineer (C#/.NET) 
  
With experience in banking, credit unions, payables/receivables, card systems
Significant experience with debit/credit monetary transactions, and or NACHA / EFT
Support all aspects of the software development lifecycle including requirements definition, design, development, test, deployment, documentation, and support.
Work with the team to define architecture, coding standards, and best practices.
Develop and enhance application software, interfaces, and reports.
Assure quality and efficient design, including exception management, error handling, supportability, and reliability.
Monitor, resolve and communicate the status of outstanding defects/change requests.
Provide Level Two applications support when appropriate
Develop report distribution and job scheduling processes.
Work with DBA to design and maintain data tables as required for supporting applications.
Work with vendors to design and develop programs and technical specifications.
Assist in the transition of system updates into the production environment.
Develop and maintain documented processes and procedures to ensure consistent delivery of assigned tasks and responsibilities.
Develop documentation and structured program specifications.
Develop task estimates, and report project status, issues, and recommended resolutions to support project plans.
Lead, mentor, and coach junior team members for successful completion of assignments.
Required: 
  
Demonstrated use of multiple, complex programming tools including 
    
C#
ASP.Net
Visual Studio 2015 and above
SQL Server 2012 and above
WCF & Web API Services
OOP
.Net Framework 4.1 and above
Vue.js, Vuetify, Vuex, node.js and Express API experience a plus

Ability to analyze programs, identify issues and anomalies, and recommend corrective and preventive actions.
Demonstrated experience in developing interfaces among key systems.
Ability to utilize tools and reports to troubleshoot causes of issues.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks and assignments.
Experience in working with database and data transmission processes (FTP, APIs, EDI, etc)
Effective translation of issue resolution and requirements into technical specifications.
Possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Make sound, independent judgments.

 Preferred:
   Experience in cross-platform mobile application development.
  
 Required: 
  
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or a minimum of 6+ years of equivalent work-related experience, in software development using above mentioned development languages.
Significant, demonstrated technical skills in developing and troubleshooting multiple complex software applications.
Preferred:
   Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology and 8+ years of related work experience.
  

 VALiNTRY Services and all its divisions are equal opportunity employers. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or any other federal or state-protected category.
  

 Please note: This client is not accepting candidates submitted by other staffing firms or agencies at this time. Thank you.
  

 Applicants for this opportunity must have an unrestricted right to work in the United States.
   [Persons in H-l, L-l, and OPT EAD status do not have unrestricted right to work.]
  
For immediate response please forward resumes to E jmartinez@Valentry.com L: Jose's Linkedln

 Jose Martinez IT Recruiter Manager (Direct) 407-205-1129 (Office) 800-360-1407 www.valintry.com For a list of our current openings please visit Valintry's Jobs Webpage
 

Must Haves:

5+ years' experience in IVR programming
Thorough understanding of Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process
Experience with WEB API, RESTful services and related tools such as Postman and SOAP UI
Working experience with Twilio and IBM Watson is required and essential to job functions.
Strong analytical, problem-solving and conceptual skills
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral
Strong organizational skills; attention to detail

Plusses:

CxOne/InContact Studio experience is highly preferred.
Oracle SBC and Avaya Session Manager knowledge

Day to Day:
Insight Global is hiring an IVR Application Developer to work fully remote for one of our top clients. This person will be responsible for developing and maintaining omni-channel applications and Contact Center configurations used within the enterprise. The candidate will be required to work in multiple vendor product environments. They must be able to help business counterparts in finding optimal solutions and to communicate clearly with peers. This candidate must be a passionate continual learner & also willing to take the time to understand architecture in existing systems. On a daily basis, they will be working on codes, tests, debugs and documenting results while enhancing applications to ensure that production systems continue to meet user requirements. This person will be developing and maintaining application design, program specification documents, and proprietary IVR, SMS, and Chat applications. They will be responsible for system design specifications that serve as a template for subsequent system/program development. Lastly, this candidate will interact with user management regarding project status and user requirements to promote an environment with improved productivity and satisfaction, as well as provide technical leadership and training for other team members.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $55.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

IVR: 4 years (Required)
APIs: 3 years (Required)
SDLC: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  REMOTE-Full Stack- React-Elixir-Node-ROR-Javascript-REMOTE 
  
   If you are a REMOTE-Full Stack- React-Elixir-Node-ROR-Javascript-REMOTE with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    (This job is fully remote forever)
    Requirements
    4+ years of experience building web applications
    Experience building and styling front-end user interfaces
    Experience building backend apis
   
 Nice-to-have
   
 Bachelor's Degree in CS/ Engineering or equivalent experience in the field
    Experience writing clean, maintainable and standards compliant code
    Exceptional analytical aptitude and attention to detail
    Extensive knowledge of design patterns, algorithms and data structures
    Understanding of server-side languages and frameworks such as Elixir, Ruby on Rails, and Node.js.
    Knowledge of HTML, CSS3, SASS, Webpack, Responsive design
    Experience with Graphql
    Experience with Javascript and modern client side frameworks such as React
    Experience with building mobile applications using native, Flutter, and/or React Native
    Experience with Test-driven development
    Experience with devops
  
 What You Need for this Position

Full Stack
REACT
Elixir
NODE
ROR
JavaScript
Senior Software Engineer
Software Engineer
Node.js


    So, if you are a REMOTE-Full Stack- React-Elixir-Node-ROR-Javascript-REMOTE with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Jonathan Gilmor
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 

Day to Day: 
A client in the Austin, TX area is looking to add a Back End Java Developer to their team! They are looking for a passionate Software Engineer to design, develop and install software solutions. The responsibilities include gathering user requirements, defining system functionality and writing code in the Java language. The ideal candidates are familiar with the software development life cycle (SDLC) from preliminary system analysis to tests and deployment. Ultimately, the role of this Software Engineer is to build high-quality, innovative, and fully performing software that complies with coding standards and technical design. This role will be heavily focused on the back-end, about 80% of your time will be spent there. This role will focus on building & maintaining microservices, creating APIs from scratch, & building API endpoints.
Must Haves: 
3+ years of Java Development experience
Experience on the FE with JS, HTML, CSS, Typescript, React or Angular
Great unit testing experience, JUnit experience
Experience with Java Messaging Service & queuing
Experience standing up microservices
Understanding of Docker
REST API & RESTful services experience
Portfolio or code review of some kind - GitHub, Stack Overflow, personal website, etc.
Great oral & written communication skills
Tools: 
JMS Java messaging service
Typescript
React not req
Angular not req
80 backend 20 front end
APIs and microservices
Plusses: 
Azure experience
React Native experience
Previous experience working at Oracle or GM
Insurance, Auto, or FinTech industry experience
The more enterprise experience, the better
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Back-end development: 1 year (Required)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

LIS is a leading Technology Company specializing in IT Consulting, Staffing and Enterprise Solutions. We offer a flexible and friendly work environment that enables career growth and opportunities.
Our organization is looking for an experienced Oracle DBA/PL SQL Developer for a (1-3) years contract position in Remote. If interested please submit a current resume.
Candidates must have lived in the US for at least (5) years and can't have been outside the US in the last (5) years more than (6) months cumulative. This requirement is for the Public Trust Security Clearance.
1. Job Title: Oracle DBA/PL SQL Developer
2. Location: Remote
3. Job Duration: 1-3 years
4. Assignment Type: 1099, C2C
5. Pay Rate: Negotiable
6. Special Skills: 10+ years exp., bs/ba, oracle DBA, pl/sql developer, eclipes, linux scripting, db schema, db tuning, oracle 10g, toad 9.6, jcl
Required skills and qualifications: - Knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL)- Strong analytical skills and the ability to understand complex information- Ability to troubleshoot and solve problems- 8+ years of experience as an Oracle DBA/Application ADBA- 5+ years of SQL and PL/SQL Development experience- Eclipse 3.3+, Linux scripting- DB Schema Design, DB Performance tuning, Oracle 10g+, TOAD 9.6+
Additional Required Skills/Experience: 

A minimum of ten (10) years experience in software development, database design/development, and/or related field;
A degree from an accredited College/University in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline is preferred;
Able to perform all functional duties independently on high-visibility programs, or mission critical aspects of a given program;
Able to oversee the efforts of direct reporting resources and/or be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job;
Experience training/mentoring less experienced personnel;
Extensive knowledge of and experience with designing, implementing and maintaining complex relational databases;
Development experience with more than one DBMS product (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server);
Extensive knowledge of/experience with DBMS Job Control Language (JCL), access methods, access time, performance tuning, device allocation, validation checks, organization, security, documentation and statistical methods;
Extensive experience with maintenance of database dictionaries and overall monitoring of compliance with standards and procedures;
Extensive experience with system integration through database design;

#RMT
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

oracle dba: 8 years (Required)
pl/sql developer: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Description




 Citizens Bank is currently seeking a Senior Site Reliability Engineer responsible for helping us effectively scale and keep our platforms running smoothly through utilization of SRE best practices.




 As a member of our SRE team you will work to positively affect system reliability, developer productivity and reducing time to market by striving to reduce toil and technical debt of the services the SRE team supports.



 As a Systems Reliability Engineer working on critical services, your mission will be to ensure our services are fast, highly available, scalable and able to withstand increases in load.



 The systems reliability engineering team will be at the heat of problem-solving production problems proactively while increasing the rate of successful changes. Your scope is from the kernel to the application.



 Primary responsibilities include:





 Engaging, influencing and evangelizing SRE best practices within the Cloud team as well as the development, operations and product groups to align technology services/solution delivery.



 Driving quality accountability within the organization with well-defined processes, metrics and goals for process quality. This includes leading effective postmortems and ensuring actions are followed-up.



 Managing availability, latency, scalability and effectiveness of Citizens applications development by instilling engineering reliability into our development life cycle with a focus on fault tolerant approaches



 Creating self-provisioning infrastructure using tools like Terraform, Ansible and Docker



 Driving capacity planning, performance analysis, instrumentation and other nonfunctional systems requirements.



 Defining key metrics and SLAs around new web service being crated to support rapid growth and migration



 Implementing metric driven processes to ensure service quality target are met.



 Working knowledge of Azure Cloud is needed, Cloud Certification is a definite plus





 Qualifications




 Required Skills/Experience:
      
 3 or more years of experience running and migrating large scale application stacks in the Cloud
      
 3 or more years of experience in the following areas (performance engineering, capacity engineering, availability engineering)
      
 3 or more years of Terraform, Ansible or other automation experience Knowledge in all aspects of designing, developing and managing large real-time systems
      
 Prior successful experience as systems performance or site/systems reliability engineer
      
 In-depth working knowledge of Linux/Unix
      
 Detailed knowledge of modern software development lifecycles including CI/CD principles.
      
 Experience with Kubernetes, containers, AWS, Azure
      
 Knowledge of PHP, Python, Go or other programming languages and technologies
      
 Deep understanding of internet and networking protocols
      
 Education, Certifications and/or Other Professional Credentials:
      
 Degree in computer science or related technical field
      
 Hours and Work Schedule
      
 Hours per Week: 40
      
 Work Schedule: Monday through Friday
     

 This role is not available in CO.


 #LI-Sourcer #1
     
 #LI-Remote
    
 





Why Work for Us
 At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.
   Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
  
 Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates.

Req ID: 190983

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Microsoft Developer - ASP.NET Core, Azure - Remote, U.S. to join our team in Plano, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

NTT Data Services is Hiring!

This position is fully Remote/Work from Home and may be based anywhere in the continental United States

This position is for a Microsoft developer who will be responsible for designing and developing applications using .NET Framework, C#, ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET Core MVC, SQL Server, Entity Framework Core technologies, Azure services and front-end technologies like React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Vue.

Job Duties and Responsibilities Include:

Participate in business requirements understanding and technical design discussions
Provide development effort estimates for the assigned work
Follow design, development, coding standards and guidelines laid out by the architecture board
Review own code and peer review team members code as per the coding standard guidelines
Follow OWASP coding and testing guidelines
Perform unit testing and fix defects
Participate in CI/CD to promote code to higher environments
Provide day-to-day update about project related tasks to the project manager, project technical lead and staff manager
Fix QA, SIT, UAT defects
Fix production issues
Complete trainings required by the project team and NTT DATA corporate

Basic, Required Qualifications:

Minimum one year of experience in architecting, designing, and implementing cloud native applications in Azure using Azure services like App Service, API Gateway, Service Bus, Event Hub, Logic Apps, Functions, SQL Database, HDInsight, Synapse. Similar number of years of experience in microservices architecture.
Minimum three years of experience in ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET Core MVC, C#, .NET Core, C#, SQL Server, Entity Framework, ReactJS, Angular, JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML. CSS, AJAX
Minimum five years of experience in ASP.NET, .NET Framework, C#, SQL Server, Entity Framework

Other Desired Qualifications:

Application architecture development
Cloud applications design
Degree: Bachelor's in Computer Science or Engineering or Master's in Computer Applications

Travel:This position is permanent remote with periodic visits to client site

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter so that we may connect you with the appropriate team.

INDAPPS

Nearest Major Market: Plano

Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas

Job Segment:

.NET, Developer, Consulting, Computer Science, Database, Technology

Apply now »

Apply now


Start apply with Xing
Apply Now

Start

Please wait...
a.dialogApplyBtn {
display: none;
}
Post1
About the organization:eTeam was formed in 1999 with the goal of becoming the company of choice for clients, talent and staffing professionals. Today, we’re one of the fastest-growing global companies and ranked as one of the best companies to work for by Staffing Industry Analysts. We aspire everyday to do quality work for our clients and help our talent work at some of the most amazing companies.
Developer I6 Months Extendable contract100% remote
The required skills are:

Strong stored procedures / SQL queries experience with SQL server. Deep knowledge with creation and optimization of stored procedures and SQL queries is required
PowerShell scripting experience is required to replicate data across enterprise systems.
Experience with .NET web application development and system enhancements is required.
Hands on experience with React JS is a plus.
Knowledge of Microsoft Visual Studio version 2019, asp.net & .Net core 3.1 above is a plus.
Software development experience in C# (.NET MVC and .NET Core) is a plus.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $35.00 - $42.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Job ID: 2207416 
Location: REMOTE WORK , VA , US 
Date Posted: 2022-05-16
 Category: Software
 Subcategory: SW Engineer
 Schedule: Full-time
 Shift: Day Job
 Travel: No
 Minimum Clearance Required: None
 Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Secret
 Potential for Remote Work: Yes

Description 
SAIC is seeking a Senior Cloud Native Developer to join a high-performing Agile DevSecOps team leveraging a wide variety of cutting-edge technologies to help shape the organization’s software development and modernization strategy. Our work typically focuses on cloud native application development, application modernization, and DevSecOps best practices. We execute using Scrum and Kanban, focusing on team consensus and sustainable pricing. Team members have the autonomy to use the tools and techniques best suited for the task at hand. We offer the flexibility of remote work arrangements and use collaborations tools such as Slack, Zoom, and Teams. Team members have the opportunity to learn and evolve with the rapidly-changing technology landscape, bring the best of their experience and knowledge, and make impactful contributions to our customers’ mission needs. This is a full-time remote job that can be worked anywhere within the US.


 Qualifications 
Required:

US Citizenship is a must
Must be able to obtain a Secret clearance
Bachelors and nine (9) years or more experience in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent work experience. Masters and seven (7) years or more experience.
Three (3) or more years of experience with modern front-end web development framework such as React, Angular, Vue, etc.
Three (3) or more years of experience with back-end web or API development
Five (5) or more years of experience with any modern programming language including Python, Java, C#, Rust, Go
Three (3) or more years of experience with CI/CD pipelines
Three (3) or more years of experience of Cloud Native development using AWS, Azure, OCI, or GCP
Three (3) or more years of experience with automating unit, integration, performance, and end-to-end testing.
Three (3) or more years of experience with Git, branching strategies, GitFlow and/or GitHub Flow.
Five (5) or more years of experience with agile methodologies and tooling.
Experience with containerization, Linux, IaC, Terraform, Kubernetes, microservices
Experience with pub/sub, messaging, notifications, events, and topics
Experience with FaaS and cloud serverless architectures
Experience with cloud high availability and scalability best practices and architectures.
Enjoy efficiently solving challenging problems with a passion for continuously learning
Good communication and collaboration skills, comfortable interacting with internal and external stakeholders



 
 Target salary range: $155,001 - $165,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
  
 Covid Policy: SAIC does not require COVID-19 vaccinations or boosters. Customer site vaccination requirements must be followed when work is performed at a customer site.SAIC® is a premier Fortune 500® technology integrator driving our nation's technology transformation. Our robust portfolio of offerings across the defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets includes secure high-end solutions in engineering, digital, artificial intelligence, and mission solutions. Using our expertise and understanding of existing and emerging technologies, we integrate the best components from our own portfolio and our partner ecosystem to deliver innovative, effective, and efficient solutions that are critical to achieving our customers' missions.
  
 We are more than 26,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer, fostering a respectful work culture based on diversity, equity, and inclusion that values all contributors. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $7.1 billion. For more information, visit saic.com.
 




Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world’s leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our employees do the can’t be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers. 




    Peraton’s Global Health and Financial Solutions Sector provides cutting edge solutions to customers ensuring health, financial and personal security. At Peraton, technology, policy, and process work together to support critical missions of consequence.
   




    Peraton is seeking a 
    Full Stack Developer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. The ideal candidate devises testing plans, methods and equipment to assure reliability of product in conjunction with product design and specifications meet the Global Health and Financial Solutions client requirements. This role has both On-Site and Remote opportunities available.
   




    Peraton advances public health outcomes by providing the global health community rapid access to technology and science in order to strengthen practice, promote health, prevent disease, and prepare for and respond to adverse health events. Peraton provides public health informatics and information technology services to leading public health agencies, supporting every major public health event over the past 20 years from SARS to COVID-19
   


 We help multiple Federal Agencies through a comprehensive technology approach to identify, react to, and stop attempts at fraud, waste and abuse. We ensure that our technology solutions enforce policy and possess the agility to readily adjust to changing environments. Peraton helps agencies create custom technology solutions that incorporate advanced analytics, data science, and case management tools.
   


 The opening is representative of both current and future needs and is being used to identify candidates with skills and experience within Peraton’s Global Health and Financial Solutions Sector. Candidates who express an interest may be considered for similar roles.





What you’ll do:


 Work in partnership with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions.
 Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software.
 Create security and data protection settings 
Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design
 Write and create technical documentation
 Design client-side and server-side architecture
 Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design
 Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications
 Test software to ensure responsiveness and effectiveness.
 Collaborate with data scientists and analysts to improve software




 Required Qualifications:


 Bachelor’s Degree in a related technical field and a minimum of 5 years of related technical experience. 
Minimum of 2 years of full stack software development experience.
 Minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience with the following technologies:
 Coding: Python, Django, Flask, NodeJS, Javascript, HTML, CSS
 Database: MySQL and NoSQL
 Cloud: Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure.
 Experience and/or understanding of the following methodologies: 
Agile Development, Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery, Automated Testing, and Configuration Management.
 Ability to independently organize work, prioritize tasks, and manage multiple and changing priorities.
 Must be available to provide scheduled and ad hoc evening and weekend support.
 Must be a US Citizen and requires the ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Security Clearance.  


Desired Qualifications:


 Experience in a Federal Government/Defense Contractor Environment
 Self-starter and Team player with solid verbal and written communication skills.
 DevOps experience.
 PHP experience.
 Angular/NodeJS Experience.



 Benefits:



 At Peraton, our benefits are designed to help keep you at your best beyond the work you do with us daily. We’re fully committed to the growth of our employees. From fully comprehensive medical plans to tuition reimbursement, tuition assistance, and fertility treatment, we are there to support you all the way.
   



 Colorado Salary Minimum: $66,123.20 
    Colorado Salary Maximum:$141,336.00 
   
 The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position, and is just one component of Peraton's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include annual bonuses, short- and long-term incentives, and program-specific awards. In addition, Peraton provides a variety of benefits to employees.
  


C I D E S I G N ▊▍
Full Stack Developer (.NET)CI Design (CID) is looking for exceptional individuals from Puerto Rico to work remotely on our Development team . We have experience working with employees from Puerto Rico and have had great success. We'd like to build on that success with you.
You will be primarily responsible for development and configuration of web sites, web apps, CMS and eCommerce systems. We are a twenty-eight-year-old, growing, profitable and creative design studio producing print, web, interactive, apps, videos, AR/VR, and more.
This is a full-time, salaried position.
We are looking for

Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
A team player with solid development foundations.
Entrepreneurial spirit, self-motivation, smarts and creativity to help you to work independently or collaboratively, prioritizing tasks and maintaining deadlines.

We expect you to have
Back-End

Background in the .NET (C#) tech stack with strong experience in backend code.
Advanced understanding of databases (MSSQL, MySQL, No-SQL, etc.), and able to create db schemas and security protocols.
Demonstrated ability to both interact with and develop web services and APIs, (REST,

GraphQL).

Experience with web hosting environments, including database administration and scaling an application to support load changes.
Solid understanding of deployment & hosting via cloud solutions (Azure or AWS), and some familiarity with DevOps processes.
Experienced with Software Architecture design and best practices, and able to design the complete architecture of a complex web app.
Understanding of an entire application lifecycle and able to create and extend complex functionality to applications.
Experience with user authentication, security and data protection.
Ability to integrate UI elements developed on the front-end with server side logic.
Ability to implement automated testing and unit tests.

Front-End

A solid understanding of HTML & JavaScript.
Experience with modern CSS.
Previous hands-on development with at least one front-end framework (React, jQuery,

Angular, VueJs, Svelte, Bootstrap, NodeJS, Compass, etc.).

Capability to demonstrate responsive or mobile-first design techniques.
Ability to take a mockup or design comp. and implement a UI that reasonably reflects it.
Knowledge of handling compatibility between browsers (Chrome, Safari, Edge/IE, etc.).

General

Solid knowledge of development fundamentals (skills, languages, thinking).
Ability to perform hands-on development for medium and large size projects.
Experienced in professional communication both written and verbal.
Ability to estimate accurately and contribute to proposal/SOW writing.
A history of working in a collaborative environment and working as part of a team.
Possess some advanced skills (specialty, architecture, integration, database design).
A knack for solving problems, brainstorming, and can R&D fairly complex issues.
Pride in your work and a talent for spotting issues and ineciencies a mile away.
Comfort with group estimating and a willingness to voice an opinion “against the grain.”
A love of learning and a willingness to learn new things and share them, contribute to technology innovation, and provide mentoring to other team members.

Tools

Familiarity working with code repositories and check-in, pull request and merge processes (Git or AzureDevOps).
Experienced with Visual Studio.
Experience with DB tools (SSMS, DataGrip, MySQLWorkbench, etc.).
Project use of agile tracking tools (AzureDevOps, JIRA).

Would be great if you had: 

Development experience in a CMS or eCommerce platform (Umbraco, Kentico, Sitecore,

Orchard, etc.).

Past experience in Progressive Web Apps or a cross platform technology (Xamarin,

Cordova, etc.).

Some exposure to other tech stacks (PHP, Java).
Knowledge of basic developer SEO fundamentals.

C I D E S I G N ▊▍

Experience in an agency environment and culture.
Familiarity with developing as part of an Agile team (SCRUM, SAFe, Kanban, etc.) and interacting with tracking tools like AzureDevOps or JIRA.
Knowledge of reporting or business intelligence tools (PowerBI, Tableau, etc.).

Here’s what you’ll get: 

Understanding of how to work successfully with employees from Puerto Rico
Challenging, innovative, and authentic work environment
Remote workplace
Work/life management — when we say “no churn and burn,” we mean it
Space for personal and family life
Summer hours
Work with modern technology and toys
Fun, collaborative and aspirational teammates
A-list clients and challenging projects
Quarterly career development/goal planning and a voice in defining your role
Room for your unique talents and creative input
Position "leveling-up" in lock-step with demonstrated skills
Paid time off for DEI activities/reflection/celebration
Community outreach opportunities
A four-time, award-winning Best Place to Work employer
Profit Bonus
And more...

*
*
C I D E S I G N ▊▍
Here’s a bit more about us: 
CI Design is a creative marketing & technology agency with a unique approach driven by story, strategy, and activation. Our services include Branding, Digital Marketing, Web/App/AR/VR software development and Video. Our headquarters is in Milwaukee’s Historic Third Ward, and we’ve been named a Best Place to Work in 2018, 2019 and 2020.
CI Design is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
CI Design Inc. II 306 N Milwaukee St, Milwaukee, WI 53202 II 414.224.3100
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $58,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Flexible schedule
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

COVID-19 considerations:This is a remote position.
Application Question(s):

What is your current compensation requirement? Please do not state "negotiable"
Do you have familiarity with developing as part of an Agile team (SCRUM, SAFe, Kanban, etc.) and interacting with tracking tools like AzureDevOps or JIRA.
# of years of agency experience do you have?
# of years of experience with tracking tools like Azure DevOps or JIRA.

Education:

High school or equivalent (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations


Founded in 1985, Advanced Technology Services, Inc. (ATS) is a leading provider in reliability-centered, technology driven industrial maintenance, MRO asset management and IIOT with over 3000 team members located in the US, Mexico and UK. Our corporate offices are located in Peoria, IL and Greenville, SC. Click to learn more about ATS 
100% Remote position on our corporate team!  Summary:

 Works with Development, Business Analysts, and Systems Architects to design automated testing processes, plans, and methodologies and implements toolsets for improving the overall quality and testing environment of the IT department.

 Responsibilities:

 Designs and implements sound quality and automated testing methodologies (including test plans, cases, and scripts) in conjunction with end users and project requests to ensure the quality of software produced by the development team
 Ensures testing is well defined, planned, and executed by validating that every phase and feature of the software solution is tested and issues are corrected
 Performs and oversees system, integration, performance, and regression testing
 Defines and tracks quality assurance metrics

 Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in computer science and 1-2 years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience
 Knowledge of Selenium, Loadrunner, CodedUI, Test Café, Cucumber, etc
 Experience in testing including Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, Build Deployment, Test Data Creation, API Testing Etc.
 Java, C# programming familiarity a plus
 Agile software development approach preferred
 Able to translate technical requirements into test plans, cases, and scripts for testers
 Six Sigma or equivalent process improvement experience preferred

 **This role is subject to compliance with the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), which requires the incumbent to be either a US citizen, or lawful permanent resident [“green card” holders].

 Development and Training:

 Development is at the core of what we do and ATS is committed to providing our employees with the opportunity to expand their skillsets. You’ll be given the resources and mentorship you need to succeed in a company committed to education, development and organic growth.



 Benefits:





       Medical, dental, prescription, vision, life and disability insurance and a flexible spending account 
      - save money pre-tax for eligible medical expenses



       Employee Assistance Program and Comprehensive Wellness Program
     


       401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with company match 
      - to prepare for your future



       Extensive Safety Training, New Hire Orientation, Continuous Learning and Development programs and Tuition Reimbursement
     


       Paid Holidays and Vacation Time - 
      encouraging work-life balance






      ATS is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all aspects of employment to all applicants and employees, regardless of age, color, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, disability, veteran status, genetic information or other legally protected status.
    





Remote, Nationwide - Seeking Senior Data Applications Engineer, Cloud Financials 


Everybody Has A Role To Play In Transforming Healthcare 

 If you want to be part of changing healthcare to better serve patients, you are in the right place. With Vituity you will join a team of individuals dedicated to our culture of caring and work to develop and implement innovative solutions, while tackling some of the healthcare industry's most challenging situations from the inside. 
  

Join the Vituity Team. At Vituity, our core values matter. We embody a Culture of Caring by approaching every human interaction with compassion and heart. With a Servant Leadership philosophy, we focus on what we can accomplish when we put our patients and colleagues first. An Ownership Mentality means we all have mutual accountability to drive positive change for Vituity as a whole. Finally, our focus on Innovation enables all of us to re-imagine healthcare and bring about lasting change. Ultimately, we are unified around the common purpose of transforming healthcare to improve lives, and we believe everyone has a role to play in that. Help us shape the future of healthcare. 
  

Vituity Locations: Vituity has opportunities at 450 practice locations across the country, serving 8 million patients a year. With Vituity, if you ever need to move, you can take your job with you. 
  

The Opportunity 


Provide senior level technical knowledge, support, development and analyses during the planning, execution, and management of existing, new and changed Cloud Financials enterprise applications. 
Perform senior level operational technical support for key Cloud Financials technology-enabled business processes which use enterprise applications, databases and enterprise application data flow. 
Ensure application and data integrity across business processes and lead technical discussions to operational identify root cause and resolve discrepancies. 
Troubleshoot complex technical challenges, application errors, scripts, triggers, perform root cause analyses, serve as senior level engineer working with Enterprise Financials applications and data. 
Manage technical aspects of application upgrades, to ensure operational uptime and ensure required solutions are implemented. 
Work with change manager and developers to supplement knowledge of change impact to Enterprise Applications. Create and maintain solution documentation and artifacts. 
Maintain operations which orchestrate data replication for dependent applications. 
Monitor and oversee scheduling of daily production jobs including scheduling, maintaining logging of all production processing, problem resolution/escalation, and daily request processing. 
Support application implementation and release to operations processes. 
Maintain understanding and continuously keep up with environment changes to application architectures, business process and required functionality, requiring strong orientation with data analysis and data management. 
Provide special project application development and support as assigned. 
Provide application and engineering queue management including timeline and planning for incident, change request and engineering Jira stories. 
Coordinate with Change and Release Management teams to schedule delivery. 
Lead operations and development projects as assigned. 
Perform related duties as required. 


Required Experience and Competencies 


Bachelor's degree Computer Science, Electrical & Computer Engineering, or related discipline, or an equivalent combination of education and experience that demonstrates attainment of the required competencies. 
8+ years of experience in providing technology solutions to support business defined requirements preferably as a Cloud Applications Engineer. 
Strong relational data modeling and analysis experience. 
Proven experience managing data applications in the cloud, experience developing on modern software technologies, calling application programming interfaces (APIs), platform technology provisioning and setup for Disaster Recovery. 
Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical & Computer Engineering, or related discipline, or MBA is preferred. 
Strong project management and process execution preferred. 
Oracle Enterprise Planning and Budgeting Services development experience preferred. 
Microsoft Cloud application development experience preferred. 
IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework experience preferred. 
Advanced knowledge of database systems such as Oracle or MS SQL Server. Experience building packages and stored procedures preferred. 
Advanced knowledge of Cloud architecture, Netsuite Application / SuiteScript development, Salesforce Force.com development, APEX and VSP development, or aptitude to quickly learn all of these is preferred. 
Excellent communication and people skills, oral and written with ability to communicate with appropriate level of detail with business users. 
High performer that responds well to changing priorities. 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Ability to learn new technologies quickly with genuine curiosity on how they can be leveraged to innovate. 
Strong attention to detail and accuracy. 
Collaborative team player. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 


The Community 

 Even when you are working remotely, you are an important part of the Vituity Community. We offer plenty of opportunities to engage with other Vitans through a variety of virtual meet-and-greets, events and seminars. 
  

Monthly wellness events and programs such as yoga, HIIT classes, and more 
Trainings to help support and advance your professional growth 
Team building activities such as happy hours and holiday celebrations 
Flexible work hours 
Opportunities to attend Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) events including LGBTQ+ History, Dia de los Muertos Celebration, Money Management/Money Relationship, and more. 


Benefits & Beyond* 

 Vituity cares about the whole you. With our comprehensive benefits package, we are mindful of what matters most, and support your needs of today and your plans for the future. 
  

Superior health plan options 
Dental, Vision, HSA/FSA, Life and AD&D coverage, and more 
Top Tier 401(k) retirement savings plans that offers a $1.20 match for every dollar up to 6% 
Outstanding Paid Time Off: Four weeks' vacation, Paid holidays, Sabbatical 
Student Loan Repayment Program 
Professional and Career Development Program 
EAP, travel assistance and identify theft included 
Wellness program 
Commuter Benefits Program 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) initiatives including LGBTQ+ History, Dia de los Muertos Celebration, Money Management/Money Relationship, and more. 
Purpose-driven culture focused on improving the lives of our patients, communities, and employees. 


   We are unified around the common purpose of transforming healthcare to improve lives and we believe everyone has a role to play in that. We know that when we work together across sites and specialties as an integrated healthcare team, we can exceed the expectations of our patients and the hospitals and clinics we work in. If you are looking to make a difference, from clinical to corporate, Vituity is the place to do it. Come grow with us. 
   
 Vituity appreciates differences; our dedication to diversity, equity and inclusion is at the heart of our organization. Vituity does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information (including family medical history), veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition, or any other basis protected by law. Vituity is committed to complying with all applicable national, state and local laws pertaining to nondiscrimination and equal opportunity. 
   


Benefits for part-time and per diem vary. Please speak to a recruiter for more information. 


Applicants Only. No agencies please. 

 #IND123
  

A career in our Master Limited Partnerships Technology practice, within Tax services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients meet and manage their tax obligations across unique but ever changing tax specialties. You’ll advise clients on their local and overseas tax affairs, while acting as a strategic consultant related to business analysis, managing indirect taxes, dispute resolution, and global enterprise tax solutions.

Our team helps organisations with Tax reporting for large or complex partnership structures. You’ll be part of team that is organised into three core functional areas: tax team, client team, and technology team. Both the client and tax teams directly leverage their subject matter expertise against a variety of custom applications to deliver a high level of value to our clients.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner.
Share and collaborate effectively with others.
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise.
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Follow risk management and compliance procedures.
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism.
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce.
Build and maintain an internal and external network.
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
We’re leading the way as technology-enabled tax advisors who provide value through digitization, automation and increased efficiencies - all made possible by equipping our professionals to succeed in a world where transactions are faster, more complicated and require a deeper level of sophistication. PwC Tax provides unparalleled technical knowledge and specialization and industry insights, coupled with the One Firm knowledge that brings everything PwC offers to solve our clients’ needs

Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Required Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Computer and Information Science

Minimum Years of Experience:
1 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Certification(s) Preferred:
MCPD, MCTS, and/or MCSD

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in any of the following programming tools: ASP.NET, C#, MS SQL Server, .NET framework, SQL, Database Design, HTML, XML, Visual Studio, Azure Dev Ops, Git. Fundamental knowledge with a variety of data structures and algorithms related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrated awareness of advanced programming concepts and object-oriented design patterns related to the application development lifecycle, including the analysis of business requirements, evaluation of design patterns, and system enhancements coding. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success working in, on-call environments.
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success to interact effectively in a team environment, yet also function well with independent responsibilities. Proven ability to conduct thorough and detailed research pertinent to client, industry-related, and technical matters related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in client service orientation-the proven ability to build client relationships, surface and identify problems and develop creative solutions.
As a tax technical professional, experience researching business and industry trends to develop a point of view to leverage in assisting with proposals.

Exposure with automation & digitization in a professional services environment including but not limited to: - innovating through new and existing technologies, along with experimenting with digitization solutions;
working with large, complex data sets to build models and leverage data visualization tools.
We are transforming the way we deliver tax services. Find out more about what we do on our Tax Career Page at pwc.to/whatwedotax
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradotaxassociate.

#LI-Remote
**C2C is not available****Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**Title:  Net DeveloperLocation:  RemoteDuration: 6 Months plus
Descriptions: .Net Developer –

Performs assigned duties and tasks in collaboration with team members in system life-cycle management (e.g., analysis, technical requirements, design, coding, testing, implementation of systems and applications software, etc.). Performs tasks within planned durations and established deadlines. Self-motivated and possess strong communication skills. Faces challenges in a positive, collaborative, and objective manner.

Experience:  4-5 years
Required Skills: 

Full-Stack .NET Developer with O365 dev experience [PowerApps experience would be a plus]
C#
ASP.NET Core
MVC
Entity Framework
SQL
Azure DevOps
IIS
Microsoft Graph
JavaScript
Angular
Angular JS
jQuery

**Please note that all Position start dates and duration are estimates and may be reduced or lengthened based upon a client’s business needs and requirements.**
Rose International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender (expression or identity), national origin, arrest and conviction records, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Positions located in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California will be administered in accordance with their respective Fair Chance Ordinances.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

ASP.NET: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

SAP ABAP Developer
We are seeking an experienced individual for an SAP ABAP Developer position. The ideal candidate will be able to assist in the full systems life cycle and be responsible for design, coding, testing, implementation, maintenance, and support for SAP systems including integration with non-SAP applications.

The candidate will be expected to collaborate with Business analysts and Functional team members to ensure that business requirements are met through technically excellent solutions.
The candidate will be working on SAP implementations, supporting implemented SAP systems, and providing technical support for non-implementation SAP projects.
Develops code to extend/modify existing SAP functionality, and/or transforming data and processes from legacy systems into SAP.
Utilizes skills to accomplish all phases of application development for a given platform; continually works to increase the rate of completion, reliability, and complexity of development capabilities.
Adheres to department conventions and standards to develop applications and coding techniques that are easily understood and followed.
Performs testing of applications at system and unit levels
Responsible for maintenance tasks and emergency calls as needed.
Works with senior developers, analysts, and client personnel to understand business processes and the relationship between these processes and their associated computer systems.

Qualification and ability Requirements

Ability to quickly learn complex data structures and relationships in new applications and to document application design.
Excellent verbal/written communication and effective interpersonal skills to work with user community
Desire to expand knowledge of SAP applications & project management skills
Able to adapt and work effectively with a variety of situations, individuals, and technologies
Quick learner, ability to pick up technology and concepts quickly, strong design orientation, abstract thinking, understand design methodology, keeps an open mind & takes initiative
Ability to think big and offer solutions that go beyond written requirements

Skills Wanted from SAP ABAP Developer

Experience with SAP NetWeaver Gateway
Development of OData APIs
Experience with SAP HANA
HANA View Optimization and Performance techniques
Experience with other database platforms
SQL Server or ORACLE
BAPIs
BADIs
ALV Reports
Customer Transactions

Job Details

Long-term contract position located in Bloomington IL
Monday-Friday on-site Bloomington IL

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

Title: Release Manager 
 
Rate: $65/hr. 
 
Length of Contract: 18-24 Months 
 
Location: Fully Remote (EST/EDT) 
 
 My client is looking for a Release Manager to bring in to a team to help plan, execute and finalize releases. Will be working between different teams that are developing different applications. Looking for someone who will be good to join the team. They are looking for a candidate who has Release Manager or Project Manager experience. They also want someone who is comfortable in an Agile environment. This role requires someone to be a US Citizen or Green Card Holder and able to work on a W2 basis. 
 
 For immediate consideration please send an updated resume to mreinard@matlensilver.com



Information Technology – Remote (U.S. based)

 The Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN) is seeking an experienced Azure Developer to join its IT team. This position will develop and maintain Azure apps to integrate systems in the enterprise. Self-motivated professionals will: participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle; demonstrate the ability to challenge the status quo; influence others to embrace new technologies and processes; and motivate others toward continual improvement in the performance of the organization.

 The successful candidate will have the following qualifications:

 2-3 years of development experience with:
    
 Logic and Function Apps
 Azure API Management
 Azure Service Bus
 Key Vault
 API Connection
 Azure Integration Services

 Software development language skills in the following areas:
 C# JavaScript, Typescript HTML, JSON, XML
 Working knowledge of Event Hub and Event Grid, a plus
 Microsoft Azure Developer certification a strong plus
 Working knowledge in the following protocols and styles:
 HTTP, HTTPS, REST, OData, CORS, SOAP
 Platform skills in the following areas:
 Microsoft Visual Studio Azure DevOps (Source Control, Work items, Build and Release Management) Microsoft SQL Server Test-Driven development practices
 Experience with the Microsoft Power Platform, a plus
 Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
 Ability to work in an enterprise environment considering infrastructure, engineering, support and data administration requirements
 Excellent oral and written communication skills
 Ability to learn and implement new methods and technologies
 Flexible with ability to work in a demanding, fast-paced environment under tight deadlines
 Self-motivated with ability to work independently and as an effective member of a team
 Technical degree or equivalent job experience


 CBN is a global nonprofit ministry demonstrating the love of God and sharing the Gospel through traditional and digital media, and humanitarian aid. CBN offers a professional and rewarding work environment, competitive salary, and full benefits package. If you meet the listed qualifications and are in agreement with CBN’s mission and purpose, please submit an application online by visiting www.cbn.com.
 We are unable to give full consideration to resumes without applications.



 Our client is an expert in the world of Vlocity! Therefore they are looking to keep up with demand and hire a contract Senior Salesforce / Vlocity Developer. You can be based remotely in the USA. 
 

Applicants for the Vlocity role should possess :
 Degree 
 
 6 years+ Salesforce 
 
 2 years+ Vlocity - DPA, OmniStudio - VLOCITY IS ESSENTIAL FOR THIS ROLE. DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DO NOT HAVE VLOCITY EXPERIENCE. 
 
 Lightning, Apex, Visualforce 
 
 Salesforce/Vlocity certified 
 
 Sales, service cloud 
 
 The Developer will get involved in development, Lightning, integration, analysis, design, documentation and planning. 
 
 Rate - Negotiable 
 
 For all our Salesforce roles please view our website on www.platform-6.com or call 
 +1 315 277 3100

 Platform 6 Ltd is an international leader in Cloud and Technology Talent who specialise in Salesforce.com recruitment within North America, Europe and the UK. 
 
 We provide Salesforce.com recruitment services to a wide variety of companies from Consultancies to partners to end users on a permanent, contract and contract to hire basis, working across numerous Salesforce roles such as an Administrator, Developer, Consultant, Integration expert, Implementation specialist, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Program Manager, Tester, Architect, CRM Manager/Director, Trainer/Instructor, Sales, Marketing Automation expert, Technical Lead and many more. 
 
 INDHP

Diversified Communications is seeking a Backend Application Developer to join our busy team and growing company! The Application Developer will be responsible for the development, maintenance and integration for all Diversified Communications’ systems and applications. This individual is a true team player who can thrive collaboratively and has experience as an application developer delivering reliable, scalable, production ready code. This individual should be able to produce high-quality application development while ensuring that solutions adhere to architecture strategy, design patterns, and best practices / user experience. This person will work closely with business stakeholders and peers to develop requirements, meet deadlines, develop processes, and meet goals.
Key Responsibilities will include:

Assist in the development of integrations between business applications, including Salesforce, NetSuite, A2Z Events, and other web services.
Work with peers and stakeholders on development / architecture of new business systems and projects and support existing business systems.
Work with key stakeholders to understand business needs, develop requirements, solve problems and implement industry best practices & solutions.
Collaborates with the development team to conceptualize and prototype appropriate solutions with the appropriate technology.
Participates in team code reviews.

Knowledge: 3 years’ experience using C# and JavaScript. Experience in T-SQL stored procedures and views, Service Oriented Architecture, enterprise-level system architecture, design patterns and object-oriented design, Salesforce and Salesforce APEX. Working knowledge of CI/CD systems.
Skills: Strong verbal & written communication skills with the ability to communicate problems and solutions clearly to teammates and users. Strong organizational and prioritization skills along with the ability to juggle multiple priorities.
Abilities: Strong troubleshooting abilities as well as ownership in problem and performance identification and solution. Results-oriented and self-starter attitude expected along with adherence to team development standards. Excellent team player willing to collaborate on complex design problems.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Back-end development: 2 years (Required)
NetSuite: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location
OneMain Financial holds a strong commitment to our customers, communities and team members. This approach to lending has helped us provide customers with loan options for over 100 years and grow to over 1,600 branches in 44 states. We know that success starts from within, which is why we place emphasis on creating a team of talented and dedicated individuals. If you’re looking for a place to work collaboratively and build your career from the ground up, think OneMain.
As part of a demonstrated commitment, we are investing in digital innovation, emerging products and new ways to help our customers with their financial wellbeing. This role is on our industry leading credit cards platform.
We are looking for a Lead Backend Engineer to join our team. You will work with our product, design and engineering teams to plan, design, and develop web and mobile applications for credit cards. We offer an opportunity to work in a collaborative and inclusive environment with people who value their work and who welcome fresh ideas.
Who you are:
You’re driven to build intuitive experiences that start with the customer first
You embrace change and innovation, always seeking to push the boundaries and expand `your knowledge and skill set
What you'll do:
Perform complex application programming activities with an emphasis on mobile development: Angular, Node, TypeScript, JavaScript, RESTful APIs and more
Lead the definition of system architecture and detailed solution design that are scalable and extensible
Collaborate with Product Owners, Designers, and other engineers on different permutations to find the best solution possible
Own the quality of code and do your own testing. Automate feature testing and contribute UI testing framework
Become a subject matter expert for our mobile applications backend and middleware
Deliver amazing solutions to production that knock everyone’s socks off
Mentor junior developers on the team
Provide assistance to technical team as needed
Assist in interviewing and building out technical team
Suggest improvements to optimize delivery
What we’re looking for:
Amazing technical instincts. You know how to evaluate and choose the right technology and approach for the job. You have stories you could share about what problem you thought you were solving at first, but through testing and iteration, came to solve a much bigger and better problem that resulted in positive outcomes all-around.
A love for learning. Technology is continually evolving around us, and you want to keep up to date to ensure we are using the right tech at the right time.
A love for working in ambiguity—and making sense of it. You can take in a lot of disparate information and find common themes, recommend clear paths forward and iterate along the way. You don’t form an opinion and sell it as if it’s gospel; this is all about being flexible, agile, dependable, and responsive in the face of many moving parts.
Confidence, not ego. You have an ability to collaborate with others and see all sides of the coin to come to the best solution for everyone.
Flexible and willing to accept change in priorities, as necessary
Demonstrable passion for technology (e.g., personal projects, open-source involvement)
Enthusiastic embrace of DevOps culture and collaborative software engineering
Ability and desire to work in a dynamic, fast paced, and agile team environment
Enthusiasm for cloud computing platforms such as AWS or Azure
Basic Qualifications:
Minimum B.S. / M.S. Computer Science or related discipline from accredited college or University
At least 10+ years of experience designing, developing, and delivering backend applications with Node.js, TypeScript, JavaScript, Restful APIs and related backend frameworks
At least 2 years of experience building internet facing applications
At least 2 years of experience with AWS and/or OpenShift
Proficient in following concepts: object-oriented programming, software engineering techniques, quality engineering, parallel programming, databases, etc.
Proficient in building and consuming RESTful APIs
Proficient in managing multiple tasks and consistently meet established timelines
Experience integrating APIs with front-end and/or mobile-specific frameworks
Strong collaboration skills
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Preferred Qualifications:
Financial Services experience and Credit Card experience a big plus.
Experience with Apache Cordova framework
Demonstrable knowledge of native coding background in iOS, Android
Experience developing and deploying applications within Kubernetes based containers
Experience in Agile and SCRUM development techniques
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, proudly serving millions of customers with safe, affordable and transparent installment loans. Our customers turn to us every day—online and at 1,500 branches in 44 states—to help them take control and improve their financial lives with solutions for debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills, home improvements and auto purchases. Our talented and dedicated team members constantly look for responsible ways to serve our customers when, where and how they want. It’s all about doing the right thing—a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-RemoteA career in Products and Technology is an opportunity to bring PwC's strategy to life by driving products and technology into everything we deliver. Our clients expect us to bring the right people and the right technology to solve their biggest problems; Products and Technology is here to help PwC meet that challenge and accelerate the growth of our business. We have skilled technologists, data scientists, product managers and business strategists who are using technology to accelerate change.


Our team plans, designs and implements the architectural vision for Infrastructure supporting the firm. Additionally, we support/troubleshoot issues related to the design and implementation of Infrastructure solutions.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Additional Educational Requirements:
In lieu of a Bachelor Degree, 12 years of professional experience involving technology-focused process improvements, transformations, and/or system implementations.
Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering, Computer Programming, Computer Systems Analysis, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Management of Technology, Business Application Programming, Engineering

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Performing as a team member to generate a vision, establishing direction, motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, coaching staff, and encouraging improvement and innovation;
Performing enterprise systems design, application scaling, performance evaluation, and architecture refinement;
Demonstrating experience with .NET/ Java, SPA (React/Angular), Javascript, NodeJS, Scala based platforms, open source tooling, MS and / or AWS cloud solutions;
Executing NoSQL database models, XML, relational and other database models and associated SQL;
Applying Natural Language Processing, Named Entity Recognition, Machine Learning and general unstructured data analytics; and,
Applying full stack development with comfort and familiarity of continuous integration tooling such as Docker, Jenkins/ Azure DevOps, Chef, and Puppet.
Demonstrating thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in:
Building enterprise or consumer products that scale;
Creating design documentation, assisting in project planning, and leading staff in the development of complex systems;
Applying algorithm optimization, system security, and distributed computing;
Building and orchestrating microservices across a distributed enterprise cloud architecture built for scalability and performance;
Performing code reviews for backend business services and assist in front end UI efforts; and,
Evaluating and selecting open source tools based on industry experience and familiarity with the open source community.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-RemoteA career in our Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics will provide you the opportunity to solve our clients most critical business and data protection related challenges. You will be part of a growing team driving strategic programs, data analytics, innovation, deals, cyber resilency, response, and technical implementation activities. You will have access to not only the top Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics professionals at PwC, but at our clients and industry analysts across the globe.

Our Identity and Access Management team focuses on helping our clients design, implement and operate effective access controls that protect against threats, support business objectives, and enable growth. As companies pivot toward a digital business model, exponentially more data is generated and shared among organizations, partners and customers. You'll play an integral role in helping our clients ensure they are protected by using the latest strategies and tools in effectively managing access to all this data. Our team helps organizations manage access to critical assets by focusing on areas like Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories.

In joining, you'll be a part of a team that values technical and business acumen and provides training and development to extend and develop your skills while, fostering a strong collaborative culture. You'll have the opportunity to focus on Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories, among other skills.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be an authentic and inclusive leader, at all grades/levels and in all lines of service. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities and coach to help deliver results.
Develop new ideas and propose innovative solutions to problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from from current trends in business area.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Share relevant thought leadership.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality, diverse relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Information CyberSecurity, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering

Certification(s) Preferred:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified JAVA Developer, certification with IAM products including SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success managing client engagements relating to the creation of business processes and solutions enabled by identity and access management, including requirements analysis, strategy, design, implementation, operations and application/business integration.
Demonstrates thorough knowledge of IAM concepts such as directory services, SSO, federation, MFA, provisioning, access certification, roles and SOD.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing the following when producing deliverables for client engagements related to managing successful enterprise scale IAM implementations, including the following areas:
Utilizing an IAM suite of products - e.g. SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA - and of their design and implementation
Utilizing and applying knowledge of computer science skills such as Java, Python, OOP concepts, Computer Networking, SDLC, operating systems fundamentals (Windows, Unix, Linux);
Conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses of large and complex data;
Utilizing hands-on knowledge of agile development methodologies and DevOps tools (Github/GitLab, Jenkins, AWS Code Deploy, Jira, Confluence, Artifactory, etc.) to enable continuous development / integration model
Utilizing knowledge and experience in public cloud environments (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) and developing IAM solutions for and in the cloud
Leveraging creative thinking and problem solving skills, individual initiative, and utilizing productivity tools - e.g. Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and collaboration tools - e.g. Mail, Calendar, where necessary
Identifying and addressing client needs: building relationships with clients; developing an awareness of relevant services; communicating with the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner; delivering clear requests for information; demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks; and communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor
Performing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles; contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback; providing guidance, clarification and feedback to less experienced staff
Communicating in an organized and knowledgeable manner in written and verbal formats including delivering clear requests for information and communicating potential conflicts
Contributing and supervising specific workstreams on an engagement or engagements, staying educated on current trends and assisting in the development of knowledge capital
Collaborating with business development teams responsible for writing and presenting proposals to prospective clients
Identifying and addressing client needs while displaying the ability to contribute to the development of a business vision and manage implementation efforts with complex project management capabilities
Contributing to business development opportunities and/or engagements from pre-sale and initial scoping through final delivery and sign-off
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote
Senior DevOps Engineer
One of IDR's largest clients in the Financial Technology industry is looking for a Senior DevOps Engineer to join its well-established and growing team!
Senior DevOps Engineer Responsibilities: 

Design, develop, test, and launch software to consumers by applying Release Engineering Best Practices.
Analyze technology currently being used and create plans and processes for improvements of the CI/CD EcoSystem.
Collaborate with software developers and software engineers to ensure that development follows all release processes.
Perform routine application maintenance and recommend performance enhancements by performing gap analysis and identifying solutions.

Senior DevOps Engineer Qualifications: 

4+ years of professional DevOps experience.
Strong experience with Cloud environments (AWS highly preferred).
Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift, Jenkins, GitHub/GitLab, and Ansible.
Experience monitoring and testing CI/CD pipelines.
Strong scripting experience with Bash, PowerShell, Python, Groovy, or Ruby.

What’s in it for you?

Competitive compensation package
Full Benefits; Medical, Vision, Dental, and more!
Opportunity to get in with an industry leading organization
Close-knit and team-oriented culture

Why IDR?

20+ Years of Proven Industry Experience in 4 major markets
Employee Stock Ownership Program
Dedicated Engagement Manager who is committed to you and your success
Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance
ClearlyRated’s Best of Staffing® Client and Talent Award winner 9 years in a row

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 4 years (Preferred)
Jenkins: 4 years (Preferred)
Terraform: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Employment Requirements
 This opportunity is not open to C2C relationships or visa sponsorship.
  
 This opportunity offers remote work.
  

Job Description
 Our client, a leading North American Distributor of the world’s top luxury & premium wine, spirits, and beer brands is seeking a talented Senior Azure Developer to join their growing team. As a Senior Azure Developer, you will be responsible for participating in the planning, development, maintenance, and enhancement of applications and the functional areas of package. The Senior Azure Developer also maintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. If you’re an experienced Senior Azure Developer looking to make a splash in a new industry, apply today!
  


Responsibilities


Work with the Project Managers, Manager, Architects, Technical Leads and Business Stakeholders to understand the processes, workflows and requirements
Participates in architectural decisions, design, development and testing of new features of the commercial software applications based on the requirements provided by the customers or internal specifications - also, work with the team on design and code review sessions for the new features that are being implemented within a system
Responsible for identifying, troubleshooting issues and debugging the application code in addition to the maintenance of the existing systems
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks and participating in professional societies



Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a closely related field with coursework in technology-related subjects
Azure certification will be a plus
3 to 5 years of experience in the following disciplines or other applicable applications:
 o Cloud Services, App Services, Azure Functions, Logic Apps, Azure Service Bus, .Net, Odata, Web API
   o Experience in using Azure services such as ADLS Gen 2, Azure Functions, Azure messaging services, Azure SQL Server, Azure KeyVault, Azure Cognitive services, Azure Data Factory, etc.
   o Familiarity using private endpoints/private links
   o Very good understanding of Azure authentication, authorization, service principals, identity and Access Management
   o Strong Experience in developing code (especially Azure Functions/App Services/REST API) using Python or C# as the language
   o Experience using automated unit testing
   o Experience processing data files in different formats including (but not limited to) JSON, XML, CSV, Parquet, Avro etc.
   o Experience implementing application security (encryption/decryption techniques) frameworks
   o Experience using Source code technologies like GIT
   o Experience using Azure DevOps, setting up CI/CD pipelines
   o Experience with Postman
  

Experience with ABAP development is strongly desired
Experience with Snowflake a plus
An understanding of the software development lifecycles, planning and implementation
Familiarity with SAP architecture is strongly desired
Experience with SAP Data Services and Fiori is strongly desired
Experience in the sales and marketing and pricing aspects of the distribution industry is a plus




  Remote - Senior UX Designer, Enterprise Software B2B 
  
   Remote - If you're a Senior UX Designer who enjoys overcoming some challenging product design work and would like to join a fast growing UX organization that's in the process of going from 30 to 60 professionals - please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    1. We are a computer security company experiencing unprecedented growth over the past 5 years where we've scaled from a few hundred to a few thousand employees
    2. We believe in computer security and are leading one of the largest and fastest growing sectors within the technology world - by being one step ahead and preventing breaches before they occur
    3. This is a role, team and opportunity to lead a major sub product within our overall platform group. Think of a dashboard SAAS product and design leadership over a critical heavily integrated module
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    One of our products is designed to identify security breaches and then let our clients choose what to do next (Think of a problem that involves "if this than that")
    What you'll be leading is the design of the configurable module within our platform team that allows our customers to configure and customize how our software reacts to changes within their environments
    Sort of the way that AWS will spin up a new server when certain metrics are met / parameters are filled, our product works in a similar fashion for escalating levels of Security prevention
    As a Senior or Principal UX Person - you are expected to work w/ other teams and discuss problems, challenges, and ideas with others. 
    Ask many many questions to gain a solid understanding of a super complex piece of software that serves an industry most people aren't already exposed to 
    Understand overall product design - figure out how to solve existing challenges and present compelling material at all phases of the design lifecycle
  
 What You Need for this Position

User Experience Design
Information Architecture
Prototyping
Workflow Analysis
SaaS Products
Enterprise Software
Usability Best Practices
UI Design
Interaction Design
Workflow Driven Applications

 What's In It for You

    Join a fast growing UX organization within a company that currently has 30 UX professionals and growing to 60 w/ lots of opportunities
    Join a fast growing, POST IPO and established technology company, with a huge focus on engineering excellence and product development practices
    Create and establish best design practices for the products + teams you'll be working with
    Excellent base salary + annual bonus + generous RSU Package 
    Excellent benefits
    Encouraged + Unlimited PTO
    100% Remote / WFH environment (even before Covid we recognized the importance of remote flexibility)
  

    So, if you are a Remote - Senior UX Designer, with some Enterprise Software Product + UX Design Experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Aaron Frankel
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Career Opportunity – Senior Database Programmer with Firma Clinical Research - Remote
Is Database Design in the field of clinical research your passion? Can you write SAS code? Can you design, develop, and configure Electronic Data Capture programs for clinical trials? If so, we want to speak with you about our position!
Firma Clinical Research is a clinical research organization offering global in-home clinical trial studies. We make clinical trial participation possible for patients who otherwise may not have the option. We are looking to add a Senior Database Programmer to our team!
Fully Remote Position
The Senior Database Programmer is responsible to carry out database design related activities independently to support clinical projects. The primary responsibilities will include:

Design and develop the configuration of EDC systems for clinical trials and perform/maintain edit checks and data extractions in EDC systems.
Review the User Acceptance Test (UAT) specification document.
Conduct study start-up activities, including test CRF mock-up and entry, database screen testing, edit check development/testing, and other relevant tasks.
Design, implement, and maintain clinical databases, including Clinical Data Interchange Standards.
Consortium (CDISC) compliant databases.
Lead in design CRF/eCRFs. Create annotated CRFs for design of clinical trial database and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) data submission.
Create and maintain data dictionaries and eCRF screens.
Write SAS codes to generate data management-related reports, listings and edit checks, as needed.

The ideal candidate will have:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Life Science, or related field, or equivalent defined as a minimum of 6 years related, combined experience in employment, education, knowledge, and skills that will enable the incumbent to proficiently perform the duties of the role is required. A Master's Degree is preferred.
Minimum 4 years clinical trial experience with clinical data management.
Knowledge of database programming, relational database systems, or statistical packages.

This is an exciting opportunity to join a professional and impactful clinical research organization. Come join us! Apply online today!
Employer is EEO/M/F/D/V. Please no third-party candidates or phone calls.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
JOB DESCRIPTION
Insight Global is looking for Project Manager to work remotely. This resource will be managing projects for a DevOps team that works primarily in AWS for our Achieve3000 application portfolio. The Project Manager is responsible for planning, scheduling, and tracking of a program in for the client. These projects may be part of a larger program of projects. This role will partner with technical product management, architecture, engineering, and the business to provide leadership in delivering innovative digital solutions to our customers. This position will not only focus on the planning, communication and coordination of the project but also beyond the end date to the transitional and operational elements.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS5-7 years’ experience as PM
Must have experience managing projects for a DevOps teamAgile Methodology/ Environment
AWS
Needs to be very technical (not hands on) and understand all of the technologies used by DevOps such as Microservices, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes etc.
DESIRED SKILLSCertified Scrum Master (CSM) certification or PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) certification is a plusMore information about this job:
Overview:
FM Global is a leading property insurer of the world's largest businesses, providing more than one-third of FORTUNE 1000-size companies with engineering-based risk management and property insurance solutions. FM Global helps clients maintain continuity in their business operations by drawing upon state-of-the-art loss-prevention engineering and research; risk management skills and support services; tailored risk transfer capabilities; and superior financial strength. To do so, we rely on a dynamic, culturally diverse group of employees, working in more than 100 countries, in a variety of challenging roles.

Responsibilities:
This position is open to fully remote candidates with quarterly travel to Headquarters located in Johnston, RI.
Designs, develops, maintains and enhances multi-tiered, client/server business applications!
These multi-tiered client/server business applications may be transactional or analytical in nature. Individuals holding this position may be assigned to project teams, work independently, or lead others on a project team, as assigned. This is the second level in the Software Engineering job family.
Incumbents must have a thorough understanding of available technology, tools and existing designs, and collaborate with business staff, IT (Information Technology) colleagues and other stakeholders to evaluate defined complex business requirements and processes, assess available technologies, determine infrastructure and recommend solution options. Incumbents design and build application solutions which may involve diverse development platforms, software, hardware, technologies and tools.
Qualifications:
5+ years of in-depth experience in object-oriented business application design and development in a complex client server environment.
Hands on experience with the following:
.Net
.Net Core
C#
ApI/Integration experience
SQL
Service Bus (preferred)
WPF
Angular
UWP
XUnit or other Testing Frameworks
Technical knowledge
Structured and object-oriented design, development and implementation of business applications in current computing architectures.
Systems Development Life Cycle as pertains to software development projects.
Working knowledge of relevant technologies, tools, and middleware, including development technologies and scripting languages (e.g., VB, VB.Net, ASP, ASP. Net, MSMQ (Microsoft Message Queueing), Biztalk, Oracle, SQL Server, stored procedures, HTML/XML/XSL, COM, DCOM, ODBC, ADO (Azure DevOps), etc.)
Conceptual knowledge of information technologies in distributed client/server environments.
Technical skills:
Application development using current computing architectures and environments (e.g., multi-tiered Client/Server Web)
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to estimate development tasks for small to medium sized projects. Several of the following: Server Side and Client-Side development techniques, object-oriented design and development, multi-threading, choosing Transports, Clustering, Distributed Offline, developing for optimal network performance, selection of deployment options.
Expertise across multiple technologies including servers, browsers, 3rd party utilities/tools for integrating application components with database management systems and legacy systems.
Project management: planning and carrying out projects from vision through implementation.
Self-motivated to know the latest in development technologies, tools and techniques.
Soft skills:
Strong verbal and written communication skills with an ability to translate technical concepts as appropriate to the level of the audience.
Ability to work self-directed and as part of a team on projects of varying size; works well on multi-functional project teams and shows commitment to tasks, project, and to team.
Strong interpersonal skills
Education
4 Year/Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experience and technical training with a non-related Bachelor degree.
We offer our employees a wide range of benefits including career long learning opportunities, tuition reimbursement, 401 (k), pension, flexible schedules, rich health and well-being programs, generous time off allowances, volunteer days and so much more!
FM Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce.
Please note that all FM Global visitors, including external candidates interviewing for open positions will be required to be vaccinated and should be prepared to provide proof of vaccination.Location: REMOTE
Description: Our client is currently seeking a Mid-Level Java Developer. 100% remote working EST hours.
US Citizenship and Covid19 Vaccination Required.
For immediate consideration, email your resume to Devon Owen at dowen@judge.com.
Our software developers are innovative thinkers who can solve technical challenges with creativity and perseverance. They are experienced with full life cycle Java development, have a deep understanding of JavaScript and a strong knowledge of SQL. Our developers are comfortable working hand in hand with the systems stakeholders in an Agile environment with frequent and rapid sprints.

Responsibilities:Work as part of a fast-paced team to perform object-oriented application development using low-code or COTS products as the foundation.Analyze functional requirements and troubleshoot application code issues utilizing a variety of tools and technologiesWork closely with other developers and quality assurance engineers to create fixes and enhancements to applications.Deliver high-quality software that will delight and astound our customersCommunicate technical and non-technical information clearly, answer technical questions from customers, and be able provide efficient technical solutions to problems.Responsibilities also include writing technical documentation following company standards and methodology.Write reports with iReport toolkit, write custom JSP pages.

Required Basic Qualifications:3+ years of experience programming in SQL, Java, and JavaScript.2+ years of experience with Web Application and Relational Database (SQL Server, Oracle), experience with and functionalUnderstanding of database structure.Understanding of J2EE Architecture (JBoss, Apache, Tomcat, etc.) and deployment procedures.2+ years Testing/Quality Control experience.Prior experience answering technical questions from customers, writing corresponding technical documentation.US Citizen, willing and able to undergo a U.S. Government background investigation

Desired skills:Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Prior experience with workflow or data transaction solutions preferred.Prior experience with Case Management platforms (i.e. Salesforce, entellitrak, Service Now, etc.)

Contact: dowen@judge.com
This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com
Position – Java AWS Developer
Location –( Plano, TX / NYC/ Columbus, OH)-
Total Experience – 8+ Years
Job description: 
Mandatory Skills:  Core Java, Spring, Kubernetes, AWS EKS.
Primary Skills: Java, AWS, Cloud Architecture and KubernetesSecondary Skills:  Terraform, Jenkins, Cloud Foundry, Dynatrace, Data log, Splunk
SS089565TV
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Overview
Location: Remote anywhere in USA or Canada
We are helping our blockchain gaming platform client to hire a Sr. Backend Developer. The primary responsibilities include building and maintaining the primary infrastructure that supports core products. You will be building out the future of the decentralized metaverse with our team and the community, with many opportunities to solve hard technical problems and take ownership of your modules.

Responsibilities:
Participate in product development from ideation to development and beyond
Write well designed, testable, efficient code using best practices
Build and lead big parts of products from scratch
Design, develop, and integrate APIs across our products
Build robust monitoring and testing systems to manage uptime
Design and implement data storage solutions
Maintain and optimize existing systems
Create new features for our users and for internal use
Participate in code reviews, build reusable code and libraries for future use, and help team members improve

Requirements:
You have 5+ years of experience in a similar position
You’re experienced with JavaScript (preferably TypeScript), Node/Express, SQL (preferably Postgres) RESTful API development experience, unit/integration testing
You can work independently and lead workstreams/mentor others if needed
You have a solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices
You have clean code and architecture habits
You have strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within time constraints
You have an interest in blockchain/web3, gaming, or working in a startup environment

Nice-to-have Skills:
Distributed systems (task queues, message queues, caching, mutex locking, data streaming), authentication/authorization, application performance monitoring, key/value stores, high-throughput read/write data storage, containerization (Docker/Kubernetes), feature flags
Bonus Points for: Data analytics, data warehousing, data lakes, machine learning

Perks:
Competitive salary and equity (token) grant — a sliding scale of cash and tokens
Remote-first team with annual team retreats
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits
Unlimited vacation days and PTO/sick days
Generous home office setup reimbursement and annual learning & development stipend

  REMOTE Android Developer 
  
Job Title: REMOTE Android Developer
   
Location: REMOTE - Anywhere in the US (we also offer 25 Days PTO in your first year)
   
Salary: $80,000 - $120,000 Annual Base Salary
   
Requirements: SDK/Devkit, Android, Java, Kotlin
   
 If you are a REMOTE Android Developer with 2+ years of experience, please read on!
   
 We have been around since 2019 reinventing the way patients are taken care of, not only in the hospital but also outside of the hospital. We are starting to get recognition from well-known hospitals such as Northwell, Mount Sinai. We started off in the UK Health System but started a small team in the US to help improve healthcare in the US.
   
 This Android Developer will be working with a fast-paced, close-knit dev team. The technology focus is SDK/Devkit, writing mobile applications and libraries, Java, and Kotlin. This role will be making a powerful impact on our future working on our core video platform.
   
 Our product will be helping decrease contagious outbreaks, hospital stays, and saving many lives in the future!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Writing mobile applications and libraries
Developing with Java and Kotlin
Working in a cross-platform technology environment

 What You Need for this Position

Android
Java
Kotlin

 What's In It for You

    - $80,000 - $120,000 Annual Base Salary
   

Flexible Healthcare
25 Days PTO within the first year
Be a part of a fast-passed healthcare start-up
Work with a team in the Northeast sector!



    So, if you are a REMOTE Android Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Wendy Warner
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Imagine a world where you could detect health issues sooner to treat them more effectively. Where food and water are always safe, even in remote corners of the earth. And where scientific and medical research are enhanced to solve the greatest challenges of our times. At PerkinElmer, we imagine this world every day. Then, we innovate and collaborate to make it happen everywhere.

Our dedicated team of about 16,000 employees worldwide, pioneers scientific technologies for better detection, imaging, and informatics to help our customers work to create healthier families, improve the quality of life, and sustain the well-being and longevity of people globally.
If you are seeking a meaningful, impactful, and stimulating career, look no further.

PerkinElmer is a manufacturer of scientific instruments, reagents, and software to drive innovations in human and environmental health around the world. We are looking for a talented Senior Full Stack Developer (React, Node.js) to join our Informatics team, building a product we call the Signals Data Factory. The Signals Data Factory is a product which specializes in taking in many different forms of scientific data, transforming it (using Apache Spark), and making it searchable (using Elasticsearch) and analyzable via a variety of interfaces. Its current use spans from early in the drug-discovery process to analyzing active clinical trial data. If you are looking to join a team of talented engineers and to contribute to delivering amazing, high impact, customer-focused features, this is a great opportunity.

You Will :
Create secure, performant interfaces and services

Work on an intuitive approach to defining data transformation via a UI.

Work with AWS services and cloud technologies

Collaborate with fellow team members on priorities, specifications, and feature implementation

Craft well-documented, reusable, and testable code.

Work on a system capable of processing petabytes of data

Build and maintain new, high impact functionality into the Signals Data Factory

Basic Qualifications:
5+ years development, in JavaScript based scripting language

Experience with modern front-end development

Experience with making Node.js based APIs

Experience with React.js and its core principles

Experience with cloud-hosting at one of the top-3 providers

Strongly driven – ability to clarify requirements and deliver code in a highly distributed and fast-moving environment

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree preferred

A good understanding of git workflows

Angular.js

Kubernetes

Rancher

Docker

Java/Scala

Mocha/Sinon

#LI-TE
 Equivalent Experience 
 
 This Company is at the forefront of R&D supporting space, intelligence, cybersecurity, defense, homeland security, and health. This is a multi-year consulting project that can be done anywhere in the country. 
 This Company works with the latest and greatest cutting edge technology for all branches of the govt. This is a dynamic, collaborative team supporting multiple projects. MUST BE ABLE TO OBTAIN A SECURITY CLEARANCE IF NEEDED 
 

Description:
 We are looking for an ambitious, talented, and self-motivated individual, who will help us build semantic solutions by elucidating, organizing, and describing information from the rich domain of life science. Your work will take you across many important areas of our business from products to experimental results, biological entities to laboratory techniques, and everything in between. 
 Working closely with our semantic architect, this role will be focused on building out the knowledge graph to incorporate concepts that are central to our business and goals. Further, this role will use this knowledge to improve our products by working closely with software engineers, UI/UX designers, and product management to help them understand how they can benefit from the use of these information structures. Finally, as a detail-focused individual, you will manage the governance process for how we manage and grow this valuable information. 
 Understand business needs and develop solutions that delight consumer and costumers 
 Developing functional web and mobile applications that scale in a global environment 
 Optimizing applications for scalability and speed 
 Collaborating with other team members, designers, and business owners. 
 Staying up-to-date on the newest technologies 
 Identify and explore new opportunities to use new technologies to improve the platform 
 

Skills & Qualifications:
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Engineering or similar degree 
 Experience as a full stack developer 
 Strong proficiency in JavaScript (ES6) or TypeScript, HTML and CSS 
 JavaScript Frameworks like Angular and React 
 Good understanding of functional programming 
 Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools, like npm, yarn and Webpack 
 Familiarity with browser rendering behavior and performance 
 Familiarity with JS automated testing tools and frameworks 
 Experience developing front end web applications 
 Experience with backend/API development 
 Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure). 
 Web frameworks like Vue/Nuxt, React/Next or Angular 
 Node.js and server frameworks such as Express or Sails 
 GraphQL/Apollo & REST API development 
 SQL/NoSQL database modeling and administration 
 Working on Agile/SCRUM development teams 
 Experience with build and deployment solutions 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.


TITLE: Cloud Engineer   Location: REMOTE  Contract     Cloud Engineer   The Cloud Engineer will be responsible for the creation of a technology framework and providing technical leadership in support of initiatives in cloud computing and automation, with a focus on the design of systems and services that run on cloud platforms.   What You'll Do: 

Demonstrate knowledge of cloud architecture and implementation features (OS, multi-tenancy, virtualization, orchestration, elastic scalability)
Demonstrate knowledge of DevOps tool chains and processes
Develop a library of deployable and documented cloud design patterns, based on the application portfolio, as a basis for deploying services to the cloud
Demonstrate leadership ability to back decisions with research and the "why,” and articulate several options, the pros and cons for each, and a recommendation
Maintain overall industry knowledge on latest trends, technology, etc.
Develop solutions architecture and evaluate architectural alternatives for private, public and hybrid cloud models, including IaaS, PaaS, and other cloud services
Contribute to DevOps development activities and complex development tasks
Define optimal design patterns and solutions for high availability and disaster recovery for cloud applications
Troubleshoot and resolution of complex problems within the infrastructure
Work on designing/implementing/automation procedures for deployment, configuration, patching and upgrading of systems and applications
Conduct analysis of production systems and performance testing results to identify areas of improvement within the application or infrastructure
Conduct feasibility studies for existing and emerging cloud technologies
Provide mentoring and guidance for mid and junior level staff, offering feedback targeted at individual development
Work closely with vendors, internal groups and outside agencies to provide technical leadership and solutions
Independently analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time, providing problem resolution end-to-end.
Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes
Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems.
Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours.
Share domain and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and cross-training to other peers and team members.

  Skills / Experience You Will Need: 

Bachelor's degree in computer science, systems analysis or a related study, or equivalent experience
5+ years of experience spanning at least two IT disciplines, including technical cloud architecture, network management, application development, middleware, database management or operations
Experience with Azure Shell scripting/PowerShell scripting
Exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments
Knowledge of all components of an technical architecture
Knowledge of business process re-engineering principles and processes
Strong understanding of network architecture and application development methodologies
Strong understanding of SOA, object-oriented analysis and design, and/or client/server
Strong client-facing consultative skills, able to act as a customer advocate;
Understanding of Windows Server architecture –Windows 2012, Windows 2016 and IIS;
Understanding of Linux Server architecture – RHEL, Oracle Linux, Amazon Linux, etc.
Experience with containers (Docker) and orchestration (Kubernetes) technologies;
Familiar with one or more server-side scripting languages (e.g. PowerShell, Python, Bash)
Familiarity with server hardware selection, design and troubleshooting;
Understanding of High Availability and Networked Storage solutions including Clustering, Failover and Disaster Recovery products and concepts such as MS Clustering Services, Load Balancing, Routers, LUNS, SAN and NAS;
Understanding of application layer protocols, such as HTTP/S, TCP/IP, UDP and Web sockets;
Demonstrated abilities with SSO-related software such as ADFS, Ping Identity, OpenSSO, oAuth, Okta or other SAML & OpenID Connect providers;
Understanding of Web application security and concepts, such as Ticketing, header injection, XSS, SSL, HTTPS, Kerberos, certificates, Active Directory, LDAP, reverse proxies and firewalls;
Hands on experience designing and deploying complex solutions in AWS, Azure, Google Cloud or other cloud providers;
Excellent presentation and communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences.

   About Infinity Consulting Solutions  At Infinity Consulting Solutions our mission is to cultivate successful long term relationships with candidates and clients matching the right candidate with the right client. We believe technology cannot replace the real personal relationships we cultivate. We reject the notion that technology alone is the answer to staffing which is why we our successful partnerships rely on collaboration NOT automation. ICS has been providing flexible staffing solutions for over 20 years in Information Technology, Compliance, Accounting / Finance and Corporate Support. Our staffing solutions include Contract, Temp to Perm and Permanent Placement.  ICS is an Equal Opportunity Employer.


 1 year contract 
 Remote 
 Hiring Requirements/Qualifications 
 
 Education/Experience 
 

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or mathematics OR Associate’s degree specifically in computer science field.
5 years development experience.
With no degree, 7 years experience required.
Experience working with vendors for effective solution delivery.

Required Skills:


Enterprise Java Development – min 5yr
SQL/NoSQL – min 5yr
REST API Development using JSON – min 3yr
Angular/Vue – min 2yr
Spring Framework – min 2yr
CI/CD Basic Concepts – min 1yr
Public Cloud Basic Concepts – min 1yr

Additional Skills:


DB2/Oracle Stored Procedures
Public Cloud Implementations
CI/CD Hand-on Implementations
Health insurance domain knowledge
 Soft Skills/Abilities 
 

Ability to apply seasoned judgment to facilitate informed decision making in difficult situations.
Strong relationship management skills to facilitate effective working relationships with vendors.
Ability to manage and/or participate in projects and ensure work is completed on time with high quality
Must be self directed with proven initiative.
Focused on continuous learning with solid problem solving skills.
Ability to interview with a focus on fact finding and discovery
Ability to assimilate factual data pursuant to formulating a conclusion
Process and logic oriented
Effective verbal or written communication skills
Excellent time-management skills.
Ability to be self-disciplined, flexible and adaptable
Ability to work effectively as part of a team
Comfortable providing recommendations and status updates on a regular basis
Highly organized with the ability to work in an environment where the ability to effectively multi-task is often needed


 Equivalent Experience 
 

Our client is searching for a Web Developer/Designer for a contract position that can be worked remotely.
 Our client is a state government agency that is building a website and needs to hire a developer that can make the web site look more appealing.
 The following skills are highly desired:

Visual Studio 2022 Community (development environment)
.NET 6 (framework) (aka .NET Core) (using .NET preview features)
ASP.NET (web framework) (aka ASP.NET Core) (suing ASP.NET preview features)
C# 10 (code language) (using C# preview features)
Entity Framework (data access) (latest)
Web API (web data server)
HTML 5 (web structure language)
CSS 3 (web style language)
ES 2021 (web code language) (aka ECMAScript)
jQuery (HTML simplification)
Bootstrap 5/6 (CSS/ES simplification)
SQL Server 2019 with Advanced Services (data server)

 Pay will be based on experience and a drug and background check is requried.
 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

A career in our Financial Services Enabling Technologies practice, within Industry and Functional Apps services, will provide you with the opportunity to build secure and new digital experiences for customers, employees, and suppliers. We focus on improving apps or developing new apps for traditional and mobile devices as well as conducting usability testing to find ways to improve our clients’ user experience.

As part of our team, you’ll help clients harness technology systems in financial services focusing on areas such as insurance, sales performance management, retirement and pension, asset management, and banking & capital markets.
Responsibilities
As a Manager, you’ll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Proactively assist in the management of a portfolio of clients, while reporting to Senior Managers and above
Be involved in the financial management of clients
Be actively involved in business development activities to help identify and research opportunities on new/existing clients
Contribute to the development of your own and team’s technical acumen
Develop strategies to solve complex technical challenges
Assist in the management and delivering of large projects
Train, coach, and supervise staff
Keep up to date with local and national business and economic issues
Continue to develop internal relationships and your PwC brand
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
7 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Programming, Computer Engineering, Engineering and Business, Engineering, Management Information Systems, Information Technology

Certification(s) Preferred:
Guidewire Certifications in PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Knowledge of P&C Insurance domain (Policy, Claims, and Billing applications as per product requirements);
Knowledge and demonstrated ability with Java or GOSU programming;
Knowledge and hands-on experience working with J2EE, Application Servers, XML/Web Services/ RDBMS; and,
Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter Configuration development experience.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success managing teams and executing the following areas:
Designing, developing, modifying, and deploying software, including object-oriented programming concepts with using design standards and best practices;
Planning, designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging, and maintaining GOSU language application code within Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter;
Configuring screen layouts, including creation of new screens (PCFs);
Configuring workflows based on business requirements and logic;
Configuring operational and administration related parameters such as roles and permissions, user attributes regions, and activity patterns;
Resolving issues identified during testing of the configuration requirements;
Handling the responsibility of organizing code merges and environment management tasks;
Performing minor and major Guidewire software upgrades;
Working a Middleware platform like Websphere ESB, MuleSoft, Webmethods or a similar software platform;
Working on various data structures and platforms from legacy flat files to complex relational models;
Implementing integration modules that can be reused, ensuring loose coupling as well as easy scalability of various systems and its components;
Developing GUnit/Junit tests for testing business logic;
Designing and developing batch processes inside the Guidewire Centers as well as external batch processes that connects with Guidewire systems; and,
Designing and developing adapters and service APIs and Plugin components based on business requirements.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record success in the following areas:
Working with a development team using Agile methodology, Source version control, and Release management to deliver user stories and ultimately software;
Managing projects, programs, and teams of various sizes;
Leading a team of developers and working with both onshore & offshore teams in different timezones;
Architecting and creating solution designs and effectively presenting solution architecture with various options and estimates;
Assisting in GOSU code reviews, code cleanups and helping to perform sprint demos;
Utilizing technical experiences in Java/GOSU to build and maintain integrations for multi-platform applications; and,
Designing, developing and deploying complex integrations working with Guidewire software and multi-tier applications and systems.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-RemoteOne of our top clients is looking for a motivated UI Application Developer to help design, develop and maintain various internal and external-facing applications. This opportunity is fully remote and part of a team that will help you learn and develop new skills as you grow.
Technical Skills Required:
3-5 years of web development experience
Experience in the basic web stack of JavaScript/HTML/CSS
Experience in JSON/AJAX
Experience of modern MVC or MVVM type web frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Experience of CSS framework Bootstrap
Experience in using common APIs (Google, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.)
Experience in using API testing platforms like Postman/Swagger
Experience in debugging JavaScript using Chrome Debugger
Experience of version control and collaboration platform Github/GitLab/Bitbucket
Experience with Agile development
Strong sense of UX/UI design
Solid understanding of OOP
Solid understanding of RDBMS
Solid understanding of DNS, Cashing Service, Load Balancer, CORS
Technical Skills Plus:
Experience in Java, Python, Node.js
Knowledge of jQuery
Knowledge of Redux library
Experience of Package Manager and Installer npm
Experience in Adobe Photoshop
Experience of Webhooks
Experience of authorization framework OAuth 2
Experience in API security (TLS/SSL/API Keys/JWT)
Experience of SEO tools such as Google Analytics, SEMrush
Experience in Content Management Systems
Experience in Wireframing and Prototyping
Experience in Mobile application design
Experience in Cloud Computing Environment (AWS/AZURE)
Knowledge of Microservice Architecture
Soft Skills:
Strong logical, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Good interpersonal communication and team-oriented skills
Strong oral & written communication skills with both teams & clients
Proactively seek ways to optimize the development and design process
Seek out feedback from team members, clients, and stakeholders
Willingness to learn new systems and keep up-to-date with technological advances
Education: Bachelor's Degree preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or related IT discipline; or equivalent experiencePurpose of Job We are seeking a dedicated Android Mobile Engineer- Intermediate Level for our San Antonio, TX, Plano, TX, or Phoenix, AZ facility. This person may also work remotely in a 100% Remote Work Environment.

USAA values a culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused results. The actual days' onsite are resolved between each employee and the employee’s manager.

The candidate selected for this position is going to work with the Enterprise Conversational Platform team on the EVA application, which is USAA’s chat bot, and a new personalized search application. They work with native Android technologies including Kotlin and Jetpack Compose using the MVVM design pattern.

Provides support to the Enterprise and has an opportunity to significantly impact organizational growth and effectiveness through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include; gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting and implementing software, responding to outages. Identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured, monitored and controlled.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.

We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Tasks:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test technical solutions collaborating with senior engineers.
Participate in code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning.
May begin to help organize work to deliver features and solutions.
Resolves simple production issues with some assistance through troubleshooting applications independently.

Minimum requirements:
Bachelor's degree in related field of study, OR Certification from an approved technical field of study, OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required.
2 years of software development experience specific to a discipline/technology.
When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred experience:
Experience in the Kotlin and Java programming languages
Familiarity with mobile development using Android Studio
Familiarity with the MVVM (Model- View- ViewModel) design pattern
Familiarity with source code control systems such as Git

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $72,900 - $131,400*.

Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.

USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.

Description
 Location: Remote, Johnston, RI
 Citizens is looking for a talented, highly motivated engineer to join the Network Services team. This team is responsible for deploying and supporting the network and voice infrastructure to over 1200 locations and is continually expanding its technological capabilities. With a combination of on-premise, colocation, and cloud infrastructure, Citizens is currently in a significant growth period that includes adopting new technologies across the enterprise. Automation is the key to meeting our demands; you will be responsible for conceiving, developing and launching tools to support network deployment, maintenance, and scale of data center and edge infrastructure. It requires a broad network engineering background that spans across multiple platforms: routing / switching / load balancing / firewalls.
 As a member of this team, you will have a unique opportunity to be involved in all aspects of networking at Citizens.

 Conceptualize, build, and maintain tools to support Infrastructure services 




Proactively find gaps that impact multiple teams/organizations, come up with the execution plan and drive the project and influence other teams 




Develop automated methods to detect, mitigate and remediate network events
 Help make the people around you move faster by identifying issues slowing the team down and driving changes to address them 




Lead/mentor other folks - Work with other team members from partner teams, understand their challenges, help them find a solution and enable them to write code to address it 




Drive requirements with vendors and third parties to align our internal tooling efforts
 5+ years of experience building software for network infrastructure 




Experience with programming languages (Python, Perl, or C++) 




Knowledge of Linux OS/networking 




Experience with network devices (routers, switches, load balancers) and knowledge of network routing protocols 




Experience with design and implementation of network operation system 




Experience debugging issues within custom code 




Knowledge of technology-agnostic approach to engineering 



Responsibilities

 Assist with managing the network tools infrastructure at Citizens Bank
 You will be responsible for conceiving, developing and launching tools to support network deployment, maintenance, and scale of data center and edge infrastructure
 As a member of this team, you will have a unique opportunity to be involved in all aspects of networking at Citizens
 Conceptualize, build, and maintain tools to support Infrastructure services
 Proactively find gaps that impact multiple teams/organizations, come up with the execution plan and drive the project and influence other teams
 Develop automated methods to detect, mitigate and remediate network events
 Help make the people around you move faster by identifying issues slowing the team down and driving changes to address them
 Lead/mentor other folks - Work with other team members from partner teams, understand their challenges, help them find a solution and enable them to write code to address it
 Help them by mentoring and assuring their quick ramp up within our environment
 Drive requirements with vendors and third parties to align our internal tooling efforts

 Qualifications


 5+ years of experience building software for network infrastructure 




Experience with programming languages (Python, Perl, or C++) 




Knowledge of Linux OS/networking 




Experience with deploying and managing Network Management & Monitoring Tools
 Knowledge of SQL Databases a plus
 Knowledge of Ansible a plus
 Experience with network devices (routers, switches, load balancers) and knowledge of network routing protocols 




Experience with design and implementation of network operation system 




Experience debugging issues within custom code 




Knowledge of technology-agnostic approach to engineering


 


Education
 Bachelor's degree in business or a related technical field preferred. Relevant work experience may be substituted in lieu of degree.
 Hours and Schedule:
 Hours: 40
 Schedule: M-F 8-5
 #LI-Sourcer3
 #LI-Remote

 This role is not available in Colorado


 Why Work for Us
 At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.
   Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
  
 Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates.



Description
 Location: Remote, Johnston, RI
 As a member of the Digital Identity Services (DIS) team you will be responsible for designing, building, and supporting our identity applications and APIs, primarily using Java. Candidates with exposure to full stack development are a plus.

 


Primary responsibilities include:
 



Analyzing, designing, programming, debugging, supporting, and modifying software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, or Internet-facing applications
 Partnering with business line and architects during initial project stages to ensure the accuracy of requirements and provide critical input and direction from a technology perspective
 Completing documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance
 Interacting with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications 

Providing guidance to technology and business partners on complexity and delivery
 Providing technical team guidance on code reviews, branching strategy, and release coordination
 Working with architects and other technology leads to define and document Web and Mobile guidelines and standards for development and deployment of applications following industry best practices
 Ensuring successful incremental product releases while driving to deadlines.


 Location is not a barrier for this role. An onsite position at our corporate headquarters in Rhode Island is available and we are open to remote employment within the United States for an experienced candidate. 


Qualifications
 Experience and Skills:


 8 years of software development experience
 Proficient in Agile practices
 Hands-on experience in Java Stack (Advanced Java Version 7+, Open-Source Java, Spring Framework, Spring Boot)
 Solid experience interfacing with back-end applications using RESTful services, and JSON.
 Solid experience in key design patterns and best practices (eg. separation of concerns)
 Experience working in AWS cloud environments & tools and in jacoco, SonarQube, CheckStyle, JMeter and JProfiler
 Experience in deploying services using containers/wars(dockers/k8s)
 Strong background in GIT and continuous delivery environments where repeatable processes are highly automated
 Solid experience in micro service frameworks (eg: Spring Boot)
 Experience in writing unit & integration test cases for services
 Experience in database concepts – proficient in writing relational database queries – MySQL
 Ability to develop functional, technical and user interface designs for an application that meets the defined requirements (business, system performance and standards)
 Experience in highly secured online environments that use n-tier designs and extensive firewalling to enhance security
 Expertise in architecting, designing and developing highly scalable large scale and available applications
 Evaluates program modules for performance scalability and openness of design
 Develops programming guidelines/standards and makes them accessible to other programmers
 Strong focus on security of the channel and any customer data
 Strong communication (both oral and written) and interpersonal skills
 5+ years of experience in the financial services industry, developing solutions for consumer banking, portfolio management, trading, compliance or wealth management preferred


 Education, Certifications and/or Other Professional Credentials:


 BA/BS in Information Systems, Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience preferred
 CISSP, CIDPRO, CEH, CRISC, or other relevant security certifications with knowledge of ISO, NIST, or FFIEC guidance preferred


 Hours & Work Schedule
 Hours per Week: 40
 Work Schedule: Monday through Friday
 This position is not available in Colorado
 #LI-Remote

 Why Work for Us
 At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.
   Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
  
 Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates.

Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that is improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation is not about another gadget; it is about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There is no room for error. If you are looking for a better place to use your passion and your desire to drive change, this is the place to be. It's an opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Work as a part of our core engineering team to ensure the highest standards of design, implementation, performance, and security
Work closely with the product team to ensure all customer needs are met
Design and build upcoming new features
Support and extend existing features
Participate in daily SCRUM meetings
Review requirements and develop technical solutions to meet requirements
Estimate project deliverables
Develop and test REST APIs to meet project requirements using Java Framework
Develop Kafka Producer-Consumer components to meet requirements
Develop and Deploy applications using CI/CD pipeline
Develop applications adhere to secure coding practices and with adequate code coverage
Work with data providers and API consumers to clarify requirements and remove roadblocks
Provide innovate solutions to technical challenges
Build and deploy framework components to achieve automated testing goals for the team
Drive automation into everyday activities
Deliver high quality high performing solutions
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
3+ years of coding experience with one or more of the follow languages; Java Stack, Beam, Spark, Microservices, Spring technologies with a willingness and ability to learn new ones
3+ years of experience working with Oracle 11g, 12c, MySQL, NoSQL and Big data
3+ years of Agile development experience and knowledge of Agile ceremonies and practices
3+ years of experience with Unit Testing, Code Quality tools, CICD Technologies, Security and Container Technologies
2+ years of experience with Messaging Technologies like MQ Series, Kafka, Oracle AQ
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment.
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Salary: Market related
  
Reference: 15911
  
 A highly successful software product client of the HT Group is seeking at Sales Solutions Engineer for a Direct Hire role. This position can be 100% remote, but preferably in New York City and the surrounding area, Arlington VA, San Francisco Bay area, Austin, Texas or the Raliegh / Durham, NC area.
 Key Responsibilities of the Senior Solution Engineer: 

Serve as the designated expert to internal and external clients regarding all of our products and services

Troubleshoot and investigate technical issues raised by technical and non-technical stakeholders
 Collect client requirements and work closely with product and R&D teams to shape the product roadmap
 Regular collaboration with the business and other solution engineering teams located in our branches all around the globe
 Occasional travel
 Support our business team with in-depth product knowledge and answers to technical questions during sales pitches and follow-up meetings
 Training plan is normally 6 weeks to get familiar the product and industry
 Required Skills of the Senior Solution Engineer: 

At least 2 years of experience working in pre-sales scoping solutions for customers in the software product industry

Must have some software development background (will not code) with one of the following languages is preferred (Java / Scala / Objective-C / HTML / XML / JavaScript)
 Python scripting is used daily, so some experience with Python is required.
 Demonstrated ability to understand business issues and apply creative solutions
 Excellent communication skills and strong client-facing business acumen
 High self-motivation and initiative, "can do" attitude is essential
 Attention-to-detail and organizational skill
 Previous work in mobile advertising or gaming is a plus
 Experience in building mobile applications on iOS/Android/Unity












Company Description:
 myCOI is an early industry-leader in the insurance technology space providing an innovative SaaS solution for tracking, processing, and managing certificates of insurance. Our Purpose - Erase the Worry through The Work We Do – Eliminating the disruptive impact of an insurance claim. Based in Indianapolis, myCOI’s proven track record of national growth and success has impacted hundreds of customers who use our products and services ranging from Fortune 100, Higher Education, Construction, Logistics, Healthcare, Property Management, down to some of our local favorite sports teams. myCOI Central offers an easy-to-use, cloud-based solution to protect organizations and ensure end-to-end compliance. It’s smart technology that has our industry expertise built right in-designed to provide a single place to view COI’s, compliance, and risk reporting, for vendors, suppliers, tenants, subcontractors, franchisees, and carriers. myCOI’s channel partners, a great leadership team that is energetic, innovative, and goal-oriented; along with living our core values: Unite, Reach, Own It, Choose Positive and Innovate, drives our continued growth and success.
 We work hard to maintain an open, supportive culture that promotes the pursuit of excellence. As a member of our team, you’ll enjoy a competitive compensation package, great work-life balance and an innovative, supportive culture. We know that myCOI’s success derives from great teamwork and each individual’s exceptional results. Join us on our mission to disrupt, innovate, and lead the industry!
 Position Summary:
 This position is for a mid-level .NET developer looking for an opportunity to directly impact a rapidly growing company by advancing the SaaS product through innovation and use of full stack modern web development technologies. As a key member of our technical team, you will work closely with Senior Developers, and in-house stakeholders, to design and implement new product features that evolve and improve the established product. You will participate in modernizing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product that will provide intuitive end user adoption and a dynamic user experience. The role will assist in maintaining and improving upon the current product through enhancements and fixing defects. As a key contributor to our success, you will have an opportunity to thrive in an agile, entrepreneurial atmosphere on a diverse and experienced development team. Come thrive with a leader in the exciting, rapidly growing InsurTech industry! 

What Makes this a Great Opportunity:

 Represent a leading SaaS company with the most innovative technology in the industry and a 95% customer retention rate!
 Professional growth & learning opportunities due to exceptional continued business growth and a culture that strongly supports your own personal growth. 
Work for a 2021 Indy Star Top Workplaces winner and 2022 TechPoint #MiraAwards Exceptional Employer Award winner.
 Great work-life balance with a 4-day work week option, amazing company culture and comprehensive benefits (including 401k & Paternity Coverage)! 


Essential Responsibilities/What You Will Do: 

Work closely with senior developers and in-house subject matter experts to help design and implement well-defined product features.
 Under the guidance of senior developers, participate and take ownership in modernizing and advancing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product focused on quick user adoption and a great user experience
 Maintain, evolve and improve the established product by implementing enhancements and fixing defects

 
Travel Responsibilities: 

No travel required.

 Basic Qualifications/What You Bring to the Role:

 3+ years programming experience with .NET
 Understanding of .NET frameworks
 Well-versed in following technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, ASP.NET Web Forms (a plus), ASP.NET MVC, C#, Web API, Entity Framework, Microsoft SQL Server 2019 and above, Visual Studio 2019 and above
 Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Agile Methodologies
 Microsoft Azure DevOps
 REST based APIs
 Creativity and willingness to be open and share ideas
 OCR experience is a plus
 Willingness to work in a wide array of web, middle tier and database technologies

 
Educational Requirements:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related preferred, but not required

 
Compensation:

 Competitive compensation package

 Benefits:

 Medical
 401k
 HSA
 Dental
 Vision
 Short Term Disability Insurance
 Paternity and Maternity leave for expecting parents.
 Pet Insurance
 Life
 Paid Time Off (Holiday, Vacation, 8 hours community volunteer time)

 
Location:
 Remote
 
myCOI is an equal opportunity employer and does not unlawfully discriminate against any applicant or candidate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or any other class protected by federal or state law.
 Certificates of Insurance - Software as A Service - Compliance - Insurtech Certificate Review - Insurance Review - Compliance Review - Policy Review - Endorsement - Insurance Tracking - Commercial Insurance - Customer Care - Insurance - Client Success - Training - Technology 











PI177593134




  FOR IMMEDIATE DETAILS about this position, please contact: 
  
 Recruiting Contacts:
   SUMIT KUMAR: 
  (714) 576-7031 // Sumit.Kumar@calance.com
   KIANA AREVALO: (469) 325-3712 // Karevalo@calance.com
   STEPHEN MINOR (760) 201-5329 // SMinor@calance.com
   MICHELL CASEY (949) 860-4715 // Mcasey@calance.com
  
 ****************************************************************************************************
   ****************************************************************************************************
  
 Position: Senior Java/API Developer
   JOB REF#: 39148
   Duration: 12+ Months (On-going Contract)
   Location: Plano, TX 75024 
   Rate: Open/Market Rate (C2C/W2)
  
 This role is 100% remote, but you need to be able to work CST.
  
 Senior Java/API/Webservice Developer will support cloud solutions, responsible for both design, architecture and coding.
  
 REQUIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE
  

2+ years experience with API design, architecture and coding, having a Solutions Architect mentality
Experienced designing and developing API interfaces and file transfer with enterprise solution on a major cloud platform hosted by external vendor 
Strong ability to play the role as a solution architect and be able to assist/lead troubleshooting across multiple gateways and network channels. 
Savvy in database design and development, in working with corporate Data Lake, Data Warehouse, and Data Mart on a multiple tenant platform
Technically strong but with a keen sense of business focus
Experience with Java, Swagger, SQL, Web Services and Python scripting
EXCELLENT written and communcation skills
Able to work U.S. Central Time zone business work hours and potential extended work hours supporting implementation/production issues as needed

 Desired:
  

Experience working with Alfa Solutions
Strong knowledge of Java, Spring Boot, JSON, XML, Jenkins, Git, DevOps, RDBMS, NoSQL.
Define API interfaces for REST services

 CALANCE Offerings:
  

Open enrollment of Medical/Dental/Vision benefits
401K Retirement program
Paid Bi-Weekly/Direct Deposit
Flex Spending Plan
Voluntary Life, AD&D, STD or LTD plans





  Salesforce Finance Cloud Developer REMOTE 5 year Contract! 
  
   If you are a Salesforce Finance Cloud Developer REMOTE 5 year Contract! with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Need for this Position

SalesForce
Finance Cloud 
nCino


    So, if you are a Salesforce Finance Cloud Developer REMOTE 5 year Contract! with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Jim Luce
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

 This is a W2 role. ***I am unable to do C2C on this.*** 
 
 Looking for a Lead Windows Server Engineer for a 12-18-month contract. The client would prefer someone local to Winston-Salem, Greensboro or Raleigh, NC, but since this is a remote position, they will consider anyone on Eastern time zone hours. Ideal candidate will have the following: 
 


5+ years working with Windows Server support - OS 2019, 2016, 2012, 2008.
Break/Fix and planned maintenance of Windows server
Some Automation experience (Powershell Scripting)
Technical Support of Windows Server
ServiceNow Ticketing experience
Large Enterprise environment experience
Python is a plus
Azure or AWS experience is a plus
 If you are interested, or know someone who is interested, please send resume to dmitchell@matlensilver.com

#CJ – 6557-1
If this position is of interest to you, please call 972-235-9400 and ask for Courtney
Location:  Remote
Duration: 1 year
Job Description: 
7-Eleven is looking for a Software Engineer - APIs with IOT to join the R&D Team at 7Next. You’re joining a multidisciplinary team of product managers, marketers, designers and engineers who create digital products that hundreds of thousands of people experience every day. The API Engineer must have a strong and continuously growing proficiency in RESTful API development focused on Node.js/Python. This includes actively participating in designing, developing, reviewing, testing and deploying APIs (including supporting infrastructure) to drive our digital products.
Your areas of expertise span historical best practices and innovations in the development of digital experiences. You have a passion for hands-on coding, putting the customer first and delivering an exceptional experience through the creation of extendable and re-usable products. You are curious to see where technology and the industry is going and constantly strive to keep up through personal projects and learning. If required, you must be willing to wear any of the other hats that is required to make the project successful and be always ready to learn new technology on the fly and deliver the results.
Responsibilities:
· Innovate, Research & Evaluate new technologies and tools for a quality output
· Architect, Design and Implement ensuring scalability, performance and security
· Code and implement new algorithms to solve complex problems
· Develop the technical solution and deploy to cloud instances for testing
· Partner and collaborate with stakeholders and other technology teams
· Integrate new api or microservices required to deliver the feature
· Work in an Agile development environment while continuously evaluating and improving engineering processes
· Ensure solutions are built to industry standard and follows rigid security requirements
Job Requirements: 
Must Have Qualifications: 
· Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field (Master’s Degree preferred) or relevant experience
· 6+ years of Software Design & Development experience in RESTful API’s, Pub-Sub, and microservice architecture
· Strong background in object-oriented or functional programming design and programming
· Excellent Experience in 2 or more of languages - Node.js, Java, Python.
· Proficient in transferring streams of data efficiently, so necessary action can be taken on them
· Solid foundation and understanding of relational and NoSQL database principles.
· Understanding of commonly used protocols such as https, WebSocket, Polling, XMPP, COAP, MQTT, etc
· Strong understanding of REST, microservices architecture, network architecture & best security practices
· Experience with API security frameworks, token management and user access control including OAuth, JWT, etc.
· Understanding the nature of asynchronous programming and its quirks and workarounds
· 2+ years of experience using CI-CD tools like Jenkins, containers and cluster orchestration
· Ability to work in an Agile /SCRUM environment.
· Experience with unit, integration & Blackbox testing procedures and tools like Junit/TestNG/Cucumber, etc.
· Strong writing and communication skills
· Well organized with a bias for action with minimal direction.
· Ravenous about learning technology and problem solving
Good to Have: 
· Working knowledge of IoT platforms (e.g., Azure IoT Suite, AWS IoT, Google IoT Core or similar)
· Experience in application management and monitoring of applications
· Experience in securing complex distributed systems
· Hands on experience with Kafka or other related stream processing frameworks
· Good understanding of SDLC, Agile methodologies & Agile development experience
· Experience with the AWS/Azure/Google Cloud eco-system, toolsets and deployment architecture
· Working with modern development approaches (containerization, cloud, continuous delivery, micro-services, modular reactive web applications)
· 1-2 years of experience in eCommerce and Retail business
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $57.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Senior Computer Vision Engineer 
  
   If you are a Senior/Lead Software Engineer with strong ML/AI object detection, nvidia deepstream sdk, OR V4l2 gstreamer experience with a desire to join one of the hottest AI/ML/CV startups in tech that's being used by leading global brands, then please read on!
   
 This is 100% Remote! 
   
 Our investors have a track record of success as they're changing the way the worlds service industry satisfies customers with bleeding edge AI ML CV AR and Deep Learning. Millions in funding are just the start as we've successfully deployed - and as we quickly search for you, our next Senior DevOps engineer that can work from anywhere, fully remote. Don't hesitate, this is a streamlined interview process with one of the best leadership teams in the game. Looking forward to chatting with you!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Well-Funded Strong Adoption!
Working with one of the strongest teams in Computer Vision
Startup making a big splash

 What You Need for this Position

6+ years of experience as a Professional Software Engineer
BSCS or related experience is fine
Experience with Nvidia video codec hardware acceleration
Experience with Nvidia DeepStream SDK, V4l2, AND/OR GStreamer
Strong experience with Python, and other modern frameworks (PyTorch)
Experience with action recognition & object detection

 Mega Bonus:
  

Experience with deep learning neural networks, iterative model training
Experience with camera and image sensors

 What's In It for You

Huge room for growth!
Competitive comp!
100% remote!
Unlimited PTO!
Full Benefits: Medical / Dental / Vision!
Much more!


    So, if you are a Computer Vision Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Chad Vasquez
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Software Engineer (3+ yrs cloud development) with cloud security 
  
   If you are a Software Engineer to join cloud security firm with experience, please read on!
   
 Come join us as are a leader in the automated , continuous cloud security governance market.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    Qualifications
   
 3+ years of cloud-native development experience
    Ability to collaborate cross-functionally in a distributed environment
    Strong personal commitment to quality, customer service, follow-through, and continual learning
    Demonstrated, adept problem-solving with a systematic and methodical investigative approach
    Excellent written and verbal communication skills
    Ability to design and develop code to ingest customer and other 3rd party data, both static and operational in nature
    Experienced in and energized by agile work environment - adaptive and flexible; highly transparent and collaborative
    Experienced in multiple cloud and orchestration platforms
    Self-managing - ability to turn independent and collaborative R&D into new product capabilities, proactively evaluate and select technologies, accurately estimate and predictability deliver
    Quality and Delivery Ownership - adopt quality and security by design best practices; willingness to test their own software and review that of peers
  
 What You Need for this Position

    Technical Skills & Experience Required
   
 Strong database and SQL
    Authoring performant queries
    Database design
    Strong Java
    Distributed systems/micros-services
   
 Technical Skills & Experience Preferred
   
 AWS EMR/Hbase knowledge and experience
    Cloud-native programming:
    Containers and container orchestration (k8s, docker)
    CSP management and use (AWS/EKS, Azure/AKS, GCP/GKE)
    GRPC/Protobufs
    Spring
    Bazel
    golang
    Apache Drill
  
 What's In It for You

    100% remote position
    Competitive base; $120 - 160k+ 
    Full benefits.
  

    So, if you are a Software Engineer to join cloud security firm with experience, please apply today! Or, if you prefer to apply directly, please email to kyle.westhorpe@cybercoders.com.
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Kyle Westhorpe
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented Java Software Engineer-Senior Level for our San Antonio or Plano Office facility. This person may also work 100% remotely from a remote work location.

The candidate selected for this position will work on the Messaging Infrastructure team in the Chief Technology and Experience Office (CTXO). This team supports Kafka and MQ messaging platforms and provides self-service and automation tooling for USAA’s application developer community. They will work primarily with Java using Springboot framework, with some React UI development.

USAA values a work culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused deliverables. The actual days onsite are settled between each employee and the employee’s manager.

USAA Java Software Engineers create and maintain APIs for our business software applications that our members use. Done well, many may never realize or appreciate how critical these APIs are or how we've made them simpler. Faster. Safer. Yet they help make our members' lives better. It's a great challenge and responsibility. Here, you will invent. You'll design and test. You'll take risks. You'll create new technology, but the impact you'll make on our members will be far more significant.

As a Java Engineer, you are expected to be able to function in a fast-paced environment driving innovation through rapid prototyping and iterative development ensuring quality is built into all solutions leveraging TDD. Your responsibilities will require you to be knowledgeable in API development. You will be a part of teams of developers guiding on engineering and architecture best practices as well as demonstrate the ability to partner and engage with other engineers and architects. You will work closely with business clients and UI designers to analyze user requirements, code applications and customize and/or integrate commercial software packages for both internal employees and external member-facing applications across multiple platforms.

Senior level Software Engineers provides support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

Job Requirements

About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Tasks

Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.

Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.

Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.

Design, develop, code, and test complex technical solutions across many technologies to tie together existing systems and tools.

Lead code/design reviews with team to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning.

Develop complex algorithms to solve business needs

Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues by directing troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions.

Mentors’ engineers, coach engineers on design, development, and maintenance of systems; Review teammates’ code

Influence architecture, quality standards and understand, identify, measure across entire solution

Identify system performance issues and optimize solution

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree.

6+ years of software engineering/development experience utilizing Java with 2+ years experience working with RESTful Web Services.

4 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.

Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL

Demonstrated experience researching technical issues and generating creative/innovative solutions.

Demonstrated experience addressing production issues by troubleshooting applications and systems.

Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions

Demonstrate strong knowledge of security coding practices and secure system fundamentals

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Preferred Requirements :
4+ years in REST frameworks with focus on API development

2+ years experience with JavaScript

Experience with event driven frameworks such as Kafka, RabbitMQ, or IBM MQ

Experience building APIs with Spring Boot

Ability to design and implement container based APIs using container frameworks like OpenShift, Docker, or Kubernetes.

Understanding of microservices architecture design and implementation

Working experience with Gradle, GIT, GitHUB, GITLab, etc. around continuous integration and continuous delivery infrastructure

Compensation: USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is $106,800- $192,300 * (this does not include geographic differential it may be applied based on your work location)
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits: At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.
USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
As part of Disruptive Computing & Networks (DC&N), this position provides direct support of high fidelity digital twins which is a rapidly growing segment of the Boeing Company. Specifically this role will function as an engineer performing activities related to the development of virtual machines, emulations, models, and immersive development technologies.

High fidelity digital twins support all aspects of product life cycle from concept to development to deployment. This position provides the opportunity to work on commercial and defense products and it will help define the future of digital twins at the Boeing Company.
To be successful in this position the candidate should have experience with software development, computer architecture, and technical leadership. The optimal candidate works well with a team, has great communication skills, and is a self-starter. Experience with virtualization, embedded systems, networking, and game engines is a plus.

The candidate should enjoy working collaboratively with others, has a commitment to customer satisfaction and process improvement, and is successful working in a multi-program environment. They will support the development of solutions to a wide range of complex problems that require ingenuity and innovation. They should be adaptable to new development environments and eager to work with and learn new technologies.

This position allows telecommuting. The selected candidate will be required to perform some work onsite at one of the listed location options.

Position Responsibilities:
Provide direct support of high fidelity digital twins
Function as an engineer performing activities related to the development of virtual machines, emulations, models, and immersive development technologies
Support all aspects of product life cycle from concept to development to deployment
Commitment to customer satisfaction and process improvement

This position requires the ability to obtain US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills and Experience)
Bachelor's, Master's or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry
2+ years of experience with Unreal Engine
C and C++ coding, debug, and development
Experience working in an Agile software development environment

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):
BSCE or BSEE with strong software background or BSCS with some hardware background
Experience with Blender or Autodesk 3D software
Experience with Adobe creative cloud software
Experience with multiple deployment formats, e.g. WebRTC, VR, AR, MR, Mobile Devices
Some background in computer architecture and knowledge of computer hardware architecture to the component level
Some background in aircraft avionics
Experience with MIL-STD-1553, ARINC 429, and Ethernet communication protocols
Experience in Git, Jira and with software development in Visual Studio
Experience in Windows, Linux and real-time operating systems (RTOS)
Experience with Cloud Computing, e.g. Azure, AWS, VMs and containers
Be able to work independently or as part as a team
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously

Typical Education/Experience: Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD+4 years' related work experience, Master+7 years' related work experience). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.

Relocation: Relocation assistance is available for eligible candidates

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

Shift: This position is for first shift

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.One of our critical and highly visible initiatives is building and scaling industry-leading lending digital applications and experiences for our customers. We’re seeking a Lead Front End Engineer with Angular (3+) expertise to build and enhance dynamic and responsive web applications. This individual will serve as our in-house Angular and single-page application expert and drive critical transformation and development of our customer-facing platforms.
The ideal candidate understands how to balance a desire for perfectionism with the need for pragmatism. You will integrate with and leverage our existing systems as you help build solutions.
About you
You’ll contribute to the success of the team and our customer facing applications by engineering sound and adaptive web applications at the leading edge of digital lending. Your team will innovate, adapt, and build lasting and scalable solutions from scratch.
What we will want you to do:
Break down projects into reasonable MVPs
Decompose and refactor existing applications to Angular-based solutions
Be motivated by pairing and teaching other engineers how to develop single page applications
Produce quality code at a steady clip
Maintain a consistent cadence of code reviews and team meetings
Ensure our applications are stable and operating as expected in production
Contribute to our strategic technology planning
Collaborate extensively with product and design teams to validate ideas and advocate for simplicity and reusability
Skills or experience we want you to have:
At least 3 years of experience engineering customer-facing applications using Node.JS and Angular 3+
At least 6 years of experience engineering in an Agile environment
Experience building foundational components that can be used across products (platform building)
Deployed Angular/Ionic based solutions to both web and mobile devices
Experience with automated testing techniques and Test Driven Development
Thorough understanding of front end build pipelines
Ability to interface with and influence other technical teams in support of broader goal
Experience in guiding development of dynamic and responsive web applications
Ability to navigate in a nimble environment and drive success in unknown territory
Preferred experience
Experience with other technologies we use (AWS, containerization, Java and JavaScript APIs)
High volume, e-commerce platform experience
Experience as part of a team building foundational components and tacking complex patterns for re-use across the organization
Minimum academic requirements
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field such as Technology, MIS
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, a trusted name in lending for over 100 years. Since 2005 alone, we have looked beyond customers credit scores to lend more than $152 billion to 16.2 million people looking for simple, affordable loans.
With branches across 44 states, we're proud partners of the families and communities we serve. They turn to us to help meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills and auto purchases. It’s all about doing the right thing – a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-Remote
Our client is seeking a .NET developer with experience working with Open Dental or a dental client. You will be working on a product to support quality dental practice software. This will be fused with custom code for an innovative and efficient solution to service and support a growing user base. This job will be fully remote.
- Develop medical payor website utilizing .NET technology
- Full Cycle Ownership - gather requirements, to develop solutions, to final product delivery
- Prioritize and execute tasks throughout approved software development life cycle
- Determine how existing applications, systems, databases, interfaces and/or hardware can interact to meet new and emerging enterprise initiatives.
- Analyze, design, code, debug, integrate and test complex software application solutions
- Consult in the requirements, design and coding walkthroughs
- Test increasingly complex program changes
- Prepare and/or generate test data
- Resolve technical issues through debugging, research and investigation
Must Haves: 
- Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related technology field
- 4+ years of Full Stack Development in various languages like .NET, Java, HTML,C#
- Background experience in web development in a medical payor and provider application
- 4+ years of Java Spring development programming experience preferred
- Experience setting up technologies related to Database Rest API services
- Experience User Interface technologies such as Angular 1.x, 2.x
- Experience data migration technologies
- Experience database structures, query design, SQL, PostgreSQL
- Experience in Web Services
- Experience in REST Services
- Experience Stored Procedures
Preferred: 
- In depth knowledge of automated code review technologies preferred
- In depth knowledge of popular Java Frameworks JSF, Spring preferred
- In depth knowledge of Engineering Tools, Jenkins, JUnit, Fitnesse, SonarQube, FusionReactor preferred
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Full Stack Development: 4 years (Required)
Java Spring Development: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Our client launched 10 years ago in Austin, TX and has helped over 10 million people. They're changing the way people connect to social care programs. They make it easy to find food, health, housing, and employment programs in seconds. They're powered by tech, driven to do good, and looking for passionate people. Their mission is to connect all people in need and the programs that serve them (with dignity and ease).

As the key member of the security team working on expanding, the Senior Security Engineer will be responsible for ensuring cloud platforms meets security and compliance mandates. The Senior Security Engineer plans and carries out security measures to monitor and protect sensitive data and systems from infiltration and cyber-attacks. This role also partners with business stakeholders, architects and software engineers to achieve secure designs and implementations and will be the technical authority on information security architecture within the company. This company has offices in Austin, TX and Denver, CO and allows options for remote, hybrid or in-office working conditions.

What You Get to Go Do with this fast-growing Technology company
Review existing architecture, identify gaps, recommend and implement security fixes and enhancements.
Provide direction for company-wide security technology while establishing a strategic security architecture vision.
Work with our security-focused managed service partners to monitor our environment for vulnerabilities and attacks.
Collaborate with compliance team on audits and security assessment requests.
Evaluate and recommend new security products and technologies.
Contribute to application and vendor risk assessments.
Develop strategies to detect potential security incidents, respond and recover from security incidents.
Monitor networks and systems for security breaches, install software that detects intrusions and irregular system behavior.
Lead security incident responses, conduct technical and forensic analysis to determine extent of the damage and root causes, and prepare incident reports.
Manage periodic scans of company source code, infrastructure and networks to identify security and licensing vulnerabilities.
Complete penetration testing to highlight or find any weaknesses that might be exploited by a malicious party.

What You NEED to SUCCEED in this challenging role

Detail oriented entrepreneurial spirit with start-up experience is a plus.
Organized multitasking and strong time management skills to handle competing priorities in a fast-paced, high-stress environment.
Management, or equivalent professional experience with system and network exploitation methods, attack pathologies, and intrusion techniques.
5+ years of experience designing, implementing, and integrating security controls into SaaS cloud platforms.
Knowledge of computer forensic tools, technologies and methods.
Direct experience with anti-virus software, intrusion detection, firewalls and content filtering.
Knowledge of risk assessment tools, technologies and methods with excellent communication skills (verbal, written, presentation).
GCP and AWS are a huge plus.

What's in it for YOU?

Be a part of a great company with strong ties social values
Get involved early to build something great with stock options
Excellent salary range and comprehensive benefits package w/ 401K, competitive PTO, paid maternity/paternity leave, Health, dental, and vision insurance
Free food, on-site gym, and Pet-friendly office with attached dog park
24/7 access to telemedicine and counseling with unconscious bias training for every team member
INDSJOverview
Location: Remote anywhere in USA or Canada
We are helping our blockchain platform client to hire a Sr. Frontend Developer. The primary responsibilities include using UX best practices to deliver scalable and rich experiences. You will be building out the future of the decentralized metaverse and will have many opportunities to solve hard technical problems and take ownership of your modules. The tasks we need are constantly evolving, so we encourage you to apply if you’re interested in learning more!

Responsibilities:
Lead the design, implementation, and maintenance of new and existing UI applications
Consume data from RESTful APIs, write automated tests
Integrate with web3 interfaces and libraries
Participate in product development from ideation to development and beyond
Develop and maintain documentation
Create new features for our users and for internal use
Participate in code reviews, build reusable code and libraries for future use, and help team members improve

Requirements:
You have 5+ years of experience in a similar position
You are familiar with the tech stack:
React (with hooks, context API, styled components)
TypeScript
Docker (docker-compose, Kubernetes)
AWS (S3, RDS, and more)
You can work independently and lead workstreams/mentor others if needed
You have clean code and architecture habits
You have an interest in blockchain/web3, gaming, or working in a startup environment

Perks:
Competitive salary and equity (token) grant — a sliding scale of cash and tokens
Remote-first team with annual team retreats
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits
Unlimited vacation days and PTO/sick days
Generous home office setup reimbursement and annual learning stipend
Job Description
You will be a critical contributor to an ambitious strategic initiative with the goal of re-envisioning a broad suite of enterprise level applications. Aiming to create simple and compelling user experiences, the Senior Full Stack Developer will be required to draw on a depth of design and engineering experience building complex web applications and systems. Best equipped candidates will be highly proficient on frontend using Angular\React with typescript, and Jest with TDD. For backend, python 3+ with typing, Django\Fast API, dependency injector, pytest and SOLID principle implementation experience. Plus if you have experience developing with AWS\Azure. Candidates will be required to interface directly with product management, other business groups, customers, and key stakeholders demanding exceptional communication and interpersonal skills.
Duties and responsibilities
People: 

Interface with other departments within the company on system enhancements and modifications, problem resolution and special requests.
Maintain strong focus on customer service to all clients and assists with mentoring and training of junior members.
Participate in cross-training activities as required.

Client: 

Code, test and debug application systems while maintaining source code control system and application software versioning.
Evaluate business processes, make recommendations, and implement system design enhancements/changes.
Implement systems and enhancements in accordance with current production change control guidelines and standards.

Value: 

Develop user experiences using latest best of breed languages and frameworks in .NET ecosystem.
Design and develop application architectures drawing from a deep understanding of languages, algorithms, and design patterns.
Experience building enterprise quality market facing products with professional user interfaces.
Develop task plans and development schedules for achieving project objectives and deliverables.
Develop and maintain software applications according to specifications.
Document and define requirements for development and enhancement projects, and processes and procedures in the Applications Development area.
Work with external vendors when necessary.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Education and Experience: 
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or equivalent related work experience. Six or more years of practical applications development experience in a programmer or analyst capacity.
Computer Skills: 

Languages: Typescript, JavaScript (ES5/ES6), Python 3+ with typing
Databases: Experiences using RDBMS such as SQL Server, MySql, Redshift, NoSql such as table storage, DynamoDb, etc.
Frameworks: Angular, React, Bootstrap, Fast API, dataclasses, pydantic, SqlAlchemy
Extensive front-end experience with knowledge of multi-tiered applications

Certificates and Licenses: 
Valid driver’s license required.
Supervisory Responsibilities: 
This position has no supervisory responsibilities but may assign tasks to junior team members at Manager’s discretion.
Work Environment: 

Standard indoor working environment.
Occasional long periods of sitting while working at computer.
Position requires regular interaction with employees at all levels of the firm as well as interaction with external vendors and clients as necessary.
Independent travel requirement: up to 10%.

Equal Opportunity Employer: disability/veteran
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

TypeScript: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)
Microsoft SQL Server: 5 years (Preferred)
Front-end development: 5 years (Preferred)

License/Certification:

Driver's License (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Senior .NET Software Engineer 
  
   If you are a Senior .NET Software Engineer with experience, please read on!
   

Title: Senior Backend Developer
   
Location: REMOTE
   
Salary: 120,000 - 150,000 DOE
   
Tech Stack: C#/.NETcore | Cloud Architecure (AWS or Azure) | Postgresql (nice to have)
   
 We are an exciting healthcare startup company backed by one of the largest healthcare companies in the United States. We are looking to create a platform that helps people manage their chronic illnesses. We are looking for an experienced Senior Software Engineers to join our team. As a newer employee of our company, you will have an opportunity to make a hands-on dynamic impact on the business and how we change the way healthcare helps individuals.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop a platform that impacts and enhances people's lives. 
Develop functional code across all products and platforms
Develop automated testing
Review existing architecture and create optimization ideas
Work cross functionally with rest of IT team.

 What You Need for this Position

Microsoft .NET technology stack: C# / .NET, .NET Core, Web APIs
Development Operations: Git, Jira, Azure DevOps
Cloud Programming: Lambda/Azure Functions, Aurora, EKS, S3/Azure Blob3, Elastic Search, AWS Cognito
Automated Testing: Unit test development, Integration test development
Web Programing: HTML, CSS, JavaScript

 What's In It for You

Competitive base salary and overall compensation package
Full benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
401 (K) with generous company match
Vacation, sick, and paid holidays
Life Insurance coverage


    So, if you are a Senior .NET Software Engineer with experience, please apply today!
   
 1. Apply directly to this job opening here!
    Or
    2. E-mail directly for more information to trent@cybercoders.com
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented iOS Mobile Engineer-Senior Level for our San Antonio, TX, Plano, TX, Phoenix, AZ or Remote locations.

Job Description Summary
The candidate selected for this position is going to lead the Enterprise Conversational Platform native mobile team in development and support of the EVA application, which is USAA’s chat bot, and a new personalized search application. They work with native iOS technologies using Swift UI, the Combine framework, and the MVVM design pattern.

Senior level Software Engineers provide support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Primary Responsibilities:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test complex technical solutions across many technologies to tie together existing systems and tools.
Lead code/design reviews with team to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning.
Develop complex algorithms to solve business needs
Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues by directing troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions.
Mentors’ engineers, coach engineers on design, development, and maintenance of systems; Review teammates’ code
Influence architecture, quality standards and understand, identify, measure across entire solution
Identify system performance issues and optimize solution

Minimum Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree (10 years of experience in lieu of a degree)
6 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within Java
4 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.
Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL
Demonstrated experience researching technical issues and generating creative/innovative solutions.
Demonstrated experience addressing production issues by troubleshooting applications and systems.
Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions
Demonstrate strong knowledge of security coding practices and secure system fundamentals

Preferred experience:
Experience in the Swift programming language or experience in Objective C
Experience leading a development team
Familiarity with Object Oriented Programming principles
Familiarity with source code control systems such as Git or SVN
Familiarity with mobile development on iOS

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $106,800 - $192,300
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.
Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.
Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.
USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.
Job Title: Full Stack .NET Engineer (WPF)
Duration: Long Term
Location: Westlake, Texas (Remote till Covid)
The Role
As a desktop developer, will help us build the desktop user experience and the underlying platforms needed to support our digital presence. You’ll work on building end to end features as part of our autonomous, cross functional teams. You’ll have the opportunity to own entire features from concept to deployment working on multi-functional teams. You'll have the opportunity to contribute ideas to improve our products as well as develop your skills, learn new technologies and languages, and continue to learn. We're looking for highly motivated individuals who work well in an iterative and fast-paced environment.
The Expertise You Have

Solid understanding of HTTP based APIs, Networking and how the internet works.
Strong .Net/C# based applications expertise desired
Proven experience with application frameworks
Experience with VSTS repository/pipelines & tools
Experience with performance tuning & memory utilization of desktop applications
Knowledge of Visual Design & Rapid Prototyping
Expert at one IDE of choice (Visual Studio, WebStorm)
Unit testing & Automation Tools/Frameworks (MS Unit, NUnit)
API Design & Development, MicroServices Architecture.
DevOps, Automated Testing and Continuous Delivery

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $75.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

.NET: 10 years (Preferred)
WPF: 10 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Masis Professional Group is seeking a long term contract role for Java Developer at Holyoke, MA. There is a possibility to hire as full time employee.
Monday to Friday
Remote until Covid period.
Vaccination must. Candidate will have to provide proof of vaccination to the HR department.
Primary Responsibilities 

Day to day development and support of internal and external web based applications on Linux servers written in Java (J2EE), SpringMVC, and JSP, PL/SQL, JDBC and SOAP XML web services.
Troubleshoot issues by identifying root cause and develop a plan for problem resolution. Identify and remediate web related vulnerabilities in a timely manner.
Utilize the software development life cycle and manage production business processes to resolve software problems and improvements by writing user change requests and functional specifications.
Design, program, implement code, test, install and configure applications.
Work in a team environment to support user and other technical staff.
Learn internal business processes and adhere to software and change management and IT standards.

Minimum Requirements 

Minimum of three (3) to five (5) years’ experience in programming in web technologies.
Utility industry background is a plus.

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $30.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Vaccination is a must
Work Location: Multiple Locations


  Senior Angular Developer 
  
   If you are a Senior Angular Developer with experience, please read on!
   
 Headquartered in Pittsburgh PA with remote teams across the nation, we are a booming mobile platform company focusing on ecommerce! Due to growth and demand for our services, we are urgently looking to add a Senior Angular Developer to our diverse and growing team!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

HUGE opportunity for growth!
Competitive base salary!
Cutting-edge tech!

 What You Need for this Position

BSCS or equivalent technical degree preferred
5+ years of professional experience in software development
Strong experience with modern JavaScript with Angular expertise

 HUGE bonus points if you have...
  

Experience with Node
Experience with AWS
Experience with GraphQL
Mobile development experience with Native iOS and/or Android

 What's In It for You

Competitive base salary ($140-160k DOE)
 - Comprehensive benefits package (Medical, Dental, Vision - 100% employer covered!)
  

401k with company matching
Company Stock Options
Unlimited PTO
Fully remote opportunity
Fun and innovative company culture


    So, if you are a Senior Angular Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Noah Gjertsen-Illig
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
A career in our Project Assurance Risk Assurance practice, within Information Technology Risk Assurance services, will allow you to develop and apply strategies that help clients leverage enterprise technologies so they can get a higher return on their investment, mitigate risks, streamline processes, and find operational inefficiencies. We assist clients in understanding and challenging their current risk profiles and develop strategies to build digital confidence by embracing opportunities to stay competitive through building trust and resilience into their technology systems. We cover a wide range of disciplines, including risk evaluation, operational and strategic Information Technology processes, project governance, application implementation, data integrity, cyber security, and accounting/audit.

To gain a competitive edge, organisations are undertaking an unprecedented amount of change around their technology but they’re not without risks. Our team helps our clients manage these risks to avoid adverse operational consequences by putting in structures to mitigate deviations, portfolio optimisation and project management, and aligning the project with the business.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Develop new skills outside of comfort zone.
Act to resolve issues which prevent the team working effectively.
Coach others, recognise their strengths, and encourage them to take ownership of their personal development.
Analyse complex ideas or proposals and build a range of meaningful recommendations.
Use multiple sources of information including broader stakeholder views to develop solutions and recommendations.
Address sub-standard work or work that does not meet firm's/client's expectations.
Use data and insights to inform conclusions and support decision-making.
Develop a point of view on key global trends, and how they impact clients.
Manage a variety of viewpoints to build consensus and create positive outcomes for all parties.
Simplify complex messages, highlighting and summarising key points.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
5 year(s) of Program/Project Management, Assurance and/or Consulting experience

Required Knowledge and Skills:
Thorough understanding of project management methodologies and leading practices.
Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Management Information Systems & Accounting, Computer and Information Science & Accounting, Computer and Information Science, Mathematical Statistics, Mathematics, Statistics, Accounting, Accounting & Technology, Finance, Finance & Technology, Business Administration/Management

Certification(s) Preferred:
DevOps Engineer certifications, Agile certifications, SAFe or other scaling methodology certifications, Project Management Professional (PMP), Certified Scrum Manager (CSM), or similar PM-related certification
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success identifying risk and control points in Agile, DevOps, DevSecOps and other modern delivery environments as well as an understanding of the methodologies themselves.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing Agile techniques in a core project management process area (i.e., IT governance, quality assurance, or SDLC), agile lifecycle management software/tool, and/or ERP or industry specific application and the following:
Possessing the ability to assess and recommend work to confirm that agile teams are operating with high maturity, and in compliance with SDLC and IT finance (funding through capex/opex allocation) processes and controls; and,
Possessing the ability to recommend improvements to Governance, Compliance, Risk Management and Controls activities to align with SAFe and Scrum teams, and reduce overhead for Agile and DevOps teams.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader with technical DevOps/DevSecOps knowledge and experience, ideally in regulated industries, from build to release to monitoring and completing work:
Discovering, considering, and challenging the selection and configuration of DevOps tools / pipelines being used by client development teams;
Helping develop repeatable procedures for assessing configuration and audit log data from a variety of DevOps tools (e.g. Git, BitBucket, SonarQube, JUnit 5, Jenkins, Artifactory, Jira, HP ALM, Protractor, Fortify Cucumber, Cloudify, Ansible, Splunk);
Assessing configuration and audit logs to confirm adherence to defined standards, and identify compliance or security risks; and,
Staying current on the latest tools and trends in DevOps and DevSecOps.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader assisting clients in achieving delivery success:
Identifying and addressing client needs: developing and sustaining client relationships; and defining resource requirements, project workflow, budgets;
Leading teams to generate a vision, establishing direction and motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, and actively promoting continuous improvement and innovation;
Developing strategy; writing, communicating, facilitating, and presenting technical topics (e.g. functionality of DevOps tools, configuration options) to and/or for all levels of audiences;
Leveraging system development life cycle principles, application lifecycle management tools and methods, as well as an awareness of trends and directions in emerging technologies; and,
Possessing familiarity with IT risk management, DevSecOps, and compliance-as-code concepts.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-Remote
Senior Frontend EngineerNew York, NYC – Remote Option Full-Time, Permanent$180,000 - $240,000
Our client is opening a new engineering hub in NYC to extend its engineering footprint and advance the company’s mission to deliver relevant product answers to customers.
Although companies invest heavily in creating technical product content, user experiences are often outdated, with information scattered across multiple content silos. This means people struggle to find the answers they need, resulting in poor customer experiences and higher support costs. The company delivers the most relevant, personalized product answers to each user, wherever they need it, within an intuitive, self-service experience.
We’re a fast growing company with a unique solution to an everyday problem facing millions of software users daily, with the best customers in the world (Dell, McAfee, Sony, Mastercard) and some of the best investors in the world including General Atlantic, Bessemer, Salesforce Ventures and Viola Growth.
We're looking for senior FE engineers to come join us to build their engineering NYC and be part of the founding team of our engineering hub. As an early member of the NYC engineering team you will have an opportunity to play a role in shaping the team culture and processes.
As a senior engineer, you will own the end-to-end delivery of large-scale features to create sterling web experiences for consuming technical product documentation, mentor junior developers and act as an active partner with product, design, and peer engineers.
This role will be based in New York City.
About you:

Passionate about web technologies, best practices and performance.
Can drive design and feature development end-to-end and deliver projects in a dynamic environment.
Excellent teamwork and communication skills with the ability to lead and influence
Mentor and provide support to the junior team members.
Humble and open to give and receive feedback
Owner mentality, strong sense of ownership.
Bias for action, be impact-driven, smart decision making

Requirements:

6+ years of front-end development experience in large-scale web applications.
Expert level proficiency in writing modular JavaScript in ES6 (and/or beyond) utilizing common JavaScript design patterns and using modern web frameworks (React/Angular/else).
Proven experience in writing scalable, efficient and clean code and supporting reusable and maintainable UI components and API’s.
Understanding of and experience with frontend technologies and tools such as Redux, Webpack, npm, Babel, and browser-based protocols and capabilities

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $150,000.00 - $240,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Have you previously worked for a Fast-Growing Start-Up?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Front-end development: 7 years (Required)
Redux: 4 years (Required)
React: 4 years (Required)
ECMAScript: 4 years (Required)
UI development: 4 years (Required)
SaaS: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Full Stack JavaScript Engineers needed! - Fully Remote! (No C2C) (No sponsorship offered by the client)  Position Summary:
 As a Full-Stack Engineer, you will be responsible for both driving the strategy and execution of our goal to develop and implement a scalable digital platform that allows us to deliver a portfolio of learning solutions to students, supported by teachers and parents.
 This individual will work with a team of talented developers and internal stakeholders to ensure that we are balancing both short-term and long-term goals. You will work closely with current teams and systems to integrate existing functionality into a platform solution that will allow for multiple cross-functional teams to concurrently produce value.
 We look for teammates who are humble, curious, kind, proactive, resourceful, and will challenge us to think differently about solutions. This is an incredible opportunity for someone who wants to drive change in education and improve how millions of students learn.
 What you'll do:

 Set technology standards and direct the execution of initiatives to develop a learning management platform from inception through implementation.
 Work with engineering teams to solve a class of problems highly technical in nature: (Architecture, Code, Scale and Security)
 Work with our team to establish and improve internal processes and workflows
 Contribute to growth and development of the software engineering team
 Provide technical guidance and coaching to peers
 Exhibit a hunger for continuous learning and improvement
 Work with an entrepreneurial mindset

 What we're looking for:

 5-10 years of experience as a software engineer with experience delivering commercially deployed SaaS solutions to market.
 Proficient technical knowledge of current tools and best practices at scale: (Deployment, Monitoring, Logging, Cloud services/infrastructure).
 Deep understanding of Object-Oriented Programming and Design, data structures, and algorithms.
 Experience with Distributed Systems (both in system design and data storage).
 Proficient with Node.js and related frameworks.
 In depth knowledge of Typescript/Javascript.
 Experience with React and React Native.
 Relational SQL and NoSQL databases.
 Experience with RESTful APIs and GraphQL.
 Experience managing CI/CD tools (e.g. Jenkins, Github Actions, etc)
 Experience deploying applications via CI/CD pipelines
 Experience managing Docker, Kubernetes, or other container systems
 Education Technology experience preferred.
 Ability to work in the US.

 Our Client is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.


 Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer (PERM Direct Hire) - Multiple positions in Sioux Falls, South Dakota Work with new technologies in a Lead capacity! Work with awesome perks and have the ability to bring in cutting edge technologies! Full time salaried position up to 120K What You Will Be Doing : Opportunity to work without micro-management, an opportunity to take a lead on projects and be a valued contributor of the team! Join a team with extremely positive leadership who is invested in their people! This Java Lead Developer / Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer This is a great position and a chance to challenge your skills and work on a growing team of web application developers. Are you looking for an organization where you can have some of the best perks in the area, and work for a top rated company where almost NOTHING NEGATIVE is ever said about them? Full-time salaried position up to $120,000. If you know of anyone who you would recommend for this opportunity or others, referral bonuses paid upon placement of the referral! Confidentiality maintained! Full time direct hire Java Lead Developer / Full Stack Developer position up to 120K. If you are interested, confidentially inquire for more details! This is an opportunity to do new development in a very positive environment where your work will make an immediate difference on a team who is known for their collaboration, engagement, and high performance. This is the type of company you can work for long-term, and You Will Want To! What You Will Need: • 2+ years of Java Development experience. • Front end Java Development experience! JavaScript or Angular experience! • Java Web Services What You Will Be Doing: • Working on web services projects. For immediate and confidential consideration on this Permanent FTE position or other direct hire FTE Java Developer! This position can be in Sioux Falls, SD or in Des Moines, IA. This is a Direct hire permanent position with one of our local client companies. For immediate and confidential consideration on this Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer, salary up to 120K. It is best to contact me directly, Carrie Danger, SVP/Technology Permanent Placement Team, Iowa Region at Office: 
 515-282-6876 or Cell: 515-991-0863, and email resume CONFIDENTIALLY & directly to me. Please find my email address / contact Information on my LinkedIN profile. You may also ONE CLICK APPLY on our Robert Half Website. 
 

REQUIREMENTS: • Java Development • JavaScript / Angular * 2 year or 4 year degree is Preferred (Prefer Computer Science or similar) * This position can be in Sioux Falls, SD or in Des Moines, Iowa • No Third Party Inquiries Please. No must be eligible to work in the U.S. provided! You must be in Iowa in order to work remote for this company. OR have a reason to want to relocate to Iowa. • For immediate consideration, please contact Carrie Danger on my LinkedIN profile For immediate and confidential consideration on this Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer, salary up to 120K. It is best to contact me directly, Carrie Danger, SVP/Technology Permanent Placement Team, Iowa Region at Office: 
 515-282-6876 or Cell: 515-991-0863, and email resume CONFIDENTIALLY & directly to me. Please find my email address / contact Information on my LinkedIN profile. You may also ONE CLICK APPLY on our Robert Half Website. 
 
 Technology Doesn't Change the World, People Do.® 
 
 Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles. 
 
 Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more. 
 
 Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.4429. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information. 
 
 © 2022 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use .





















Company Description:
 myCOI is an early industry-leader in the insurance technology space providing an innovative SaaS solution for tracking, processing, and managing certificates of insurance. Our Purpose - Erase the Worry through The Work We Do – Eliminating the disruptive impact of an insurance claim. Based in Indianapolis, myCOI’s proven track record of national growth and success has impacted hundreds of customers who use our products and services ranging from Fortune 100, Higher Education, Construction, Logistics, Healthcare, Property Management, down to some of our local favorite sports teams. myCOI Central offers an easy-to-use, cloud-based solution to protect organizations and ensure end-to-end compliance. It’s smart technology that has our industry expertise built right in-designed to provide a single place to view COI’s, compliance, and risk reporting, for vendors, suppliers, tenants, subcontractors, franchisees, and carriers. myCOI’s channel partners, a great leadership team that is energetic, innovative, and goal-oriented; along with living our core values: Unite, Reach, Own It, Choose Positive and Innovate, drives our continued growth and success.
 We work hard to maintain an open, supportive culture that promotes the pursuit of excellence. As a member of our team, you’ll enjoy a competitive compensation package, great work-life balance and an innovative, supportive culture. We know that myCOI’s success derives from great teamwork and each individual’s exceptional results. Join us on our mission to disrupt, innovate, and lead the industry!
 Position Summary:
 The Senior.NET Developer role is for a senior-level Developer who will work closely with Senior Developers, and in-house stakeholders, to design and implement new product features that evolve and improve the established product. As a key member of our technical team, you will participate and take ownership in modernizing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product that will provide intuitive end user adoption and a dynamic user experience. The role will assist in maintaining and improving upon the current product through enhancements and fixing defects. The Senior.Net Developer will directly impact a rapidly growing company by advancing the product through innovation and use of full stack modern web development technologies. As a key contributor to our success, you will thrive in an agile, entrepreneurial atmosphere on a diverse and experienced development team. Come thrive with a leader in the exciting, rapidly growing InsurTech industry! 
What Makes this a Great Opportunity:

 Represent a leading SaaS company with the most innovative technology in the industry and a 95% customer retention rate
 Work for a 2021 Indy Star Top Workplaces winner and 2022 TechPoint #MiraAwards Exceptional Employer Award winner.
                      
Great work-life balance, company culture and benefits (including 401k & Paternity leave).

 Ability to inspire and transform by enhancing our products with more innovation and automation to positively disrupt the industry and further protect our customers.
 Work on a highly skilled technical development team that is collaborative, innovative, and strategic.
 Work on a truly modern product that is transforming the InsurTech industry.
 Work with supportive leadership and with co-workers focused on helping you succeed.
 Professional growth & learning opportunities 
Great work-life balance, company culture and 4-day workweek option

 Essential Responsibilities: 

Work closely with Senior Developers and in-house subject matter experts to help design and implement well-defined product features
 Under the guidance of Senior Developers, participate and take ownership in modernizing and advancing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product focused on quick user adoption and a great user experience
 Maintain, evolve, and improve the established product by implementing enhancements and fixing defects
 Utilization of the latest selected technology stack in your day to day development activities
 Takes initiative and is passionate about learning new technology 
Ability to work collaboratively and communicate open and honestly with team members
 Participate in update meetings that focus on daily workflows, enhancements, and technologies
 Other duties as assigned

 Travel Responsibilities:

 Minimal travel for learning and development opportunities when travel restrictions are lifted.

 Basic Qualifications:

 5+ years programming experience with .NET
 Understanding of .NET frameworks
 Well-versed in following technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, ASP.NET Web Forms (a plus), ASP.NET MVC, C#, Web API, Entity Framework, Microsoft SQL Server 2019 and above, Visual Studio 2019 and above
 Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Agile Methodologies
 Microsoft Azure DevOps
 REST based APIs
 Creativity and willingness to be open and share ideas
 OCR experience is a plus
 Willingness to work in a wide array of web, middle tier and database technologies

 Educational Requirements:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related discipline is preferred

 Compensation:

 Competitive compensation package

 Benefits:

 Medical
 401k w/match
 HSA
 Dental
 Vision
 Short Term Disability Insurance
 Paternity and Maternity leave for expecting parents.
 Pet Insurance
 Life
 Paid Time Off (Holiday, Vacation, 8 hours community volunteer time)

 Location:

 Remote



















 PI177593106

Req ID: 183191

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Remote Drupal Developer / Architect to join our team in Plano, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

Basic Qualifications

6+ years advance enterprise experience designing and delivering Drupal projects specialized in web and API development projects
6+ years of experience of building, leading and architecting enterprise level Drupal applications
6+ years of experience creating and deploying complex, full featured websites using the Drupal Content Management System, integrating custom programming with existingthird-partymodules
6+ years of experience with MySQL, Drupal 7/8/9, Angular, HTML5, and JavaScript, Rest API s
7+ years of PHP programming experience

Preferred Experience

Expertise in client scripting language and server-side scripting languages such as JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, and Angular
Familiarity with large multi-server Drupal environments, administration, and integration with various third-party sites with open APIs
Experience with the implementation of Varnish, Solr and multi-site/multilingual
Experienced in Agile methodology project development life cycle (Agile/ Scrum)
Experience in AWS Cloud infrastructure and AWS Services
Team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills and capable of working independently even under high-pressure challenges
Proficient in setting up applications on AWS, Acquia, Pantheon.
Proficient in working with CDN like Cloudflare, Cloudfront, Akamai, Fastly.
Experience in the design and development of system architectures, including the definition of key capabilities and performance requirements.
Experience in Varnish, Memcache, Redis, NewRelic, Elasticache, Apache Solr.
Experience in cloud video hostingYouTube, Vimeo, Brightcove.
Experience in SSO with OAuth, JWT.
Experience in social media APIs - Facebook API,TwitterAPI and Google APIs.
Maintain CSS consistency in design, colors and theme across all relevant platforms and browsers
Prior experience with Drupal and PHP implementations in a LAMP environment
Strong knowledge of crafting sites and extensive knowledge of common Drupal modules such as CTools, Views, and Panels
Have a portfolio on developing using Drupal, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript optionally jQuery
#LI-NAM

#BCONSULT

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter so that we may connect you with the appropriate team.

Nearest Major Market: Plano

Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas

Job Segment:

Drupal, Consulting, Developer, Java, Programmer, Technology

Apply now »

Apply now


Start apply with Xing
Apply Now

Start

Please wait...
a.dialogApplyBtn {
display: none;
}Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented IMS Systems Programmer-Senior Level for our San Antonio, Plano or Phoenix facility. This person may also work remotely from a 100% remote work environment.
This position sits within the Core Infrastructure Services organization, supporting the IMS system platform for USAA. The candidate selected will work with a team to support and manage the IMS system and supporting tools. Responsibilities include ensuring continuous availability, IMS system health, troubleshooting, IMS maintenance, researching issues, performance and optimization. Additionally, the selected candidate will identify and act on opportunities for monitoring and alerting, operational efficiency, and automation.
Responsible for creating, modifying, maintaining and supporting infrastructure and individual and integrated system components and solutions that enable and IT Services. Balance availability, security, efficiency and functional requirements to help provide an optimized production service. Identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured, monitored and controlled.
USAA values a work culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused deliverables. The actual days onsite are settled between each employee and the employee’s manager.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Tasks

​Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.

Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.

Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.

Design, develop, code, and test significant technical solutions collaborating with senior and lead engineers.

Lead code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning at a team level.

Organize work and lead team to deliver features and solutions.

Independently resolves complex production issues and leads troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions that span multiple applications and systems.

Mentor and coach junior engineers.

May begin working with architecture to help influence directions for key technologies within a specific domain.

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree.

6 years of infrastructure experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s) to include 2 years' experience in Systems Operations environment supporting complex environment deployment and infrastructure management activities or applicable IT experience such as IT Management, Software Development, Data Engineering, and Agile Product/Release Management.

4 years of experience in creating, modifying, and maintaining infrastructure and individual system components.

Advanced level of business acumen in the areas of business operations, risk management, industry practices and emerging trends.

Knowledge and proficient understanding of designing scalable IT system infrastructures, implementing system changes, or automating service delivery and maintenance tasks.

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them
at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses

Preferred Requirements :
Installation and Management of IMS subsystem including supporting products (3rd party IMS tools) to ensure continuous availability

IMS Datasharing and Shared Queues experience

CSL Common Service Layer Knowledge and/or DRD - Dynamic Resource Definition Knowledge

SMP/E skills

Assembler Coding Skills

Compensation: USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is $106,800- $192,300 * (this does not include geographic differential it may be applied based on your work location)
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits: At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.
USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.A career in Information Technology, within Internal Firm Services, will provide you with the opportunity to support our core business functions by deploying applications that enable our people to work more efficiently and deliver the highest levels of service to our clients. You’ll focus on managing the design and implementation of technology infrastructure within PwC, developing and enhancing both client and internal facing applications within PwC, and providing technology tools that help create a competitive advantage for the Firm to drive strategic business growth.

Our Applications Programming - Practice Support team helps translate PwC’s business requirements through efficient and effective Information Technology software applications. We design, develop, test, and implement sophisticated software applications in support of the firms needs and requirements.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
High School Diploma

Minimum Years of Experience:
2 year(s) of progressive roles focused on information technology applications and its overall impact on business strategies and productivity.

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Bachelor Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Information Technology

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following technical development areas:Angular 2 (or higher) or similar SPA frameworks (VUE etc);Mobile Application Development (preferably with Ionic);Application Integrations using RESTful web services;NoSQL Databases including MongoDB, Cassandra, DocumentDB and related databases;Cloud-based platforms and services such as Google Cloud Platform, MS Azure, AWS;Continuous integration/continuous deployment such as Git, Jenkins, VSTS, Puppet, Chef, Maven, Gradle, Ant; and,Containers such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Openshift.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas of application development:Writing JavaScript or TypeScript applications;Working with SQL Server or other comparable databases such as MySQL, Oracle and PostgreSQL;Working with HTML5 and CSS3;Using JavaScript unit testing tools such as Karma, Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc.;Using source control with Git and GitHub;Working within established Software Development Lifecycles and methodologies including agile, scrum, iterative and waterfall to support the success of the larger IT organization;Learning rapidly and continuously taking advantage of new technologies, concepts and business models; demonstrating a history of staying current in emerging technology trends;Displaying initiative and an ability to develop applications in a self-directed and self-disciplined manner with minimal direction;Researching and evaluating emerging technologies and novel approaches in order to make recommendations to enhance business processes and/or create competitive advantage to PwC;Working collaboratively with other developers, including participating in code reviews;Communicating effectively both verbally and written with project team members; and,Using robust analytic thinking skills with the ability to identify, debug, and resolve technical issues.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoifsseniorassociate.

#LI-RemoteJob Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Senior Software Engineer (UI Developer) to join their top-tier team

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD
Telework Availability: Yes - 16 hours a week

Duties Include:
Responsible for API development; create and maintain API documentation for publication
Design and code new software to modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop, update, and maintain 508 Compliant User Interfaces
Develop services for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Perform database and software life-cycle activities to ensure highest level of system performance and availability and compliance with business requirements

Required Education/Years of Experience:
14 years of experience with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required OR 18 years total of software development experience may be substituted for candidates without a qualifying bachelor’s degree.

Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
An Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph

Technical Experience:
At least fourteen (14) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution. The individual must be able to communicate directions and provide guidance to junior programmer/analysts, as required.
At least ten (10) years of experience developing web applications using HTML and Javascipt.
Knowledge of backbone.js or vue.js.
Experience maintaining a user focused web application.
Familiar with messaging, such as JMS and REST interfaces.
Experience using Git, Maven, Nexus, and NPM.
Experience with Shell Scripting (Linux Bash)
Experience designing and conducting software tests; including Unit, Integration, and System tests using Junit
Experience with Linux (basic system administration knowledge)
Experience responding to user issues
Excellent organizational skills to keep track of emails and tickets
Good interpersonal skills. Must be able to interact with software development team members
Ability to work in a dynamically changing environment
Experience with Agile methods, Scrum, and XP
Maintaining knowledge of industry trends and standards
Experience with JIRA

BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

  DevOps Architect 
  
   If you are a DevOps Architect with experience, please read on!
   
 Located in Silicon Valley, we help our partners to modernize their software deliveries by deploying updates at record scale and speed. We are currently funded by top-tier venture capitalists and growing quickly!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Strategize, deploy, and hold business applications in a production environment
Creating and implementing environments for applications
Automating the provisioning environments
Deploying environments using containers
Troubleshooting problems to reduce impact to clients
Continuously improving the production environment

 What You Need for this Position

    5+ years working experience
   

Docker / Kubernetes
Chef / Ansible
CI/CD

 Bonus points for:
   

Containers
Scripting (Python, Go, etc) 
ML / AI experience


 What's In It for You

Remote
Strong base pay
Huge room for growth!


    So, if you are a DevOps Architect with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Marcus Molina
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Director Front End Development React REMOTE 
  
   If you are a Director/Manager that is comfortable leading teams + designing/developing consumer facing web applications, please read on!
   
 We are a publicly traded, #1 company in the industrial technology & IoT (Internet of Things) company with roots in North America and Europe, along with a team of 12k+ employees. -This will be a fully remote role and will be 30% hands on 70% management/code reviews-
  
 What You Will Be Doing

You will be responsible for leading multiple frontend and full stack teams to build the next generation user experience systems that will be used by our customers, agents, partners, and internal teams.
Lead the changes in digital experience to create a user-friendly and adaptive design experience across desktop and mobile devices
Mentor the engineering managers and developers across the organization in Software development principles, patterns & processes
Work with UI/UX design teams and product teams to deliver the business outcomes on time and with high quality.

 What You Need for this Position

5+ years leading application teams
5+ years designing and developing secure consumer facing web applications using JavaScript
Experience with a few of the following: React, Node.js, TypeScript, Redux
AWS or Azure (we use)
Experience building cloud native apps and in microservices architecture
Experience mentoring and growing developers

 Bonus points for: 
  

Experience with content management systems like Sitecore, Adobe, OpenText etc.
Experience with search providers like Coveo, Lucid works or home-grown systems with Apache Solr etc.
In-depth knowledge of using any of the testing framework like Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc.

 What's In It for You

Strong base pay 
HUGE room for career growth
Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Director, Front End Development looking for a full remote opportunity - please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Bobby June
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
A career in our Project Assurance Risk Assurance practice, within Information Technology Risk Assurance services, will allow you to develop and apply strategies that help clients leverage enterprise technologies so they can get a higher return on their investment, mitigate risks, streamline processes, and find operational inefficiencies. We assist clients in understanding and challenging their current risk profiles and develop strategies to build digital confidence by embracing opportunities to stay competitive through building trust and resilience into their technology systems. We cover a wide range of disciplines, including risk evaluation, operational and strategic Information Technology processes, project governance, application implementation, data integrity, cyber security, and accounting/audit.

To gain a competitive edge, organisations are undertaking an unprecedented amount of change around their technology but they’re not without risks. Our team helps our clients manage these risks to avoid adverse operational consequences by putting in structures to mitigate deviations, portfolio optimisation and project management, and aligning the project with the business.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Develop new skills outside of comfort zone.
Act to resolve issues which prevent the team working effectively.
Coach others, recognise their strengths, and encourage them to take ownership of their personal development.
Analyse complex ideas or proposals and build a range of meaningful recommendations.
Use multiple sources of information including broader stakeholder views to develop solutions and recommendations.
Address sub-standard work or work that does not meet firm's/client's expectations.
Use data and insights to inform conclusions and support decision-making.
Develop a point of view on key global trends, and how they impact clients.
Manage a variety of viewpoints to build consensus and create positive outcomes for all parties.
Simplify complex messages, highlighting and summarising key points.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
5 year(s) of Program/Project Management, Assurance and/or Consulting experience

Required Knowledge and Skills:
Thorough understanding of project management methodologies and leading practices.
Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Management Information Systems & Accounting, Computer and Information Science & Accounting, Computer and Information Science, Mathematical Statistics, Mathematics, Statistics, Accounting, Accounting & Technology, Finance, Finance & Technology, Business Administration/Management

Certification(s) Preferred:
DevOps Engineer certifications, Agile certifications, SAFe or other scaling methodology certifications, Project Management Professional (PMP), Certified Scrum Manager (CSM), or similar PM-related certification
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success identifying risk and control points in Agile, DevOps, DevSecOps and other modern delivery environments as well as an understanding of the methodologies themselves.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing Agile techniques in a core project management process area (i.e., IT governance, quality assurance, or SDLC), agile lifecycle management software/tool, and/or ERP or industry specific application and the following:
Possessing the ability to assess and recommend work to confirm that agile teams are operating with high maturity, and in compliance with SDLC and IT finance (funding through capex/opex allocation) processes and controls; and,
Possessing the ability to recommend improvements to Governance, Compliance, Risk Management and Controls activities to align with SAFe and Scrum teams, and reduce overhead for Agile and DevOps teams.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader with technical DevOps/DevSecOps knowledge and experience, ideally in regulated industries, from build to release to monitoring and completing work:
Discovering, considering, and challenging the selection and configuration of DevOps tools / pipelines being used by client development teams;
Helping develop repeatable procedures for assessing configuration and audit log data from a variety of DevOps tools (e.g. Git, BitBucket, SonarQube, JUnit 5, Jenkins, Artifactory, Jira, HP ALM, Protractor, Fortify Cucumber, Cloudify, Ansible, Splunk);
Assessing configuration and audit logs to confirm adherence to defined standards, and identify compliance or security risks; and,
Staying current on the latest tools and trends in DevOps and DevSecOps.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader assisting clients in achieving delivery success:
Identifying and addressing client needs: developing and sustaining client relationships; and defining resource requirements, project workflow, budgets;
Leading teams to generate a vision, establishing direction and motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, and actively promoting continuous improvement and innovation;
Developing strategy; writing, communicating, facilitating, and presenting technical topics (e.g. functionality of DevOps tools, configuration options) to and/or for all levels of audiences;
Leveraging system development life cycle principles, application lifecycle management tools and methods, as well as an awareness of trends and directions in emerging technologies; and,
Possessing familiarity with IT risk management, DevSecOps, and compliance-as-code concepts.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-Remote

JOB DESCRIPTION
A well-known multinational software company is looking for a Sr or Principal Developer to join their team.
A company that has been in business for over 100 years is looking to add a Sr or Principal Developer specializing in C# to their growing team. In this role you will be working with a team of developers to gather project requirements, design software applications and ensure projects are being done in a timely manner. The right candidate will have experience working in an agile environment and can be comfortable with multiple languages, but C# is required. The current projects include working with AI, IoT and Machine Learning.
This organization offers great benefits, PTO and the ability to work within the software arm of a much larger organization
To be considered for this position you should have the following:
4+ years of C# development experience
Web API
Experience with Front-end Development
Object-oriented Programming
Experience with Cloud solutions
Machine learning would be a plus
If you are interested, please feel free to apply or contact Peter Dull at pdull@sniompanies.com.




You are a driven and motivated problem solver ready to pursue meaningful work. You strive to make an impact every day & not only at work, but in your personal life and community too. If that sounds like you, then you've landed in the right place.

 The Infrastructure Team is searching for a Senior Staff Software Engineer. The team is accountable for the development, engineering, and deployment of infrastructure, platforms, and applications across a multi-cloud landscape. This is a shared services team responsible for automating enterprise wide infrastructure offerings and enabling DevOps through modern CI/CD practices. This position is scoped largely for an Infrastructure as Code transformation spanning across AWS and VMWare Private Cloud.

 Responsibilities

 Instrument Infrastructure as Code Tooling, Terraform, with highly resilient and scalable design practices.
 Partner with DevOps Engineers to design and implement an end to end Infrastructure as Code process encompassing The Hartford’s existing technology stack and integration with the DevOps CI/CD pipeline.
 Create a detailed architecture of Infrastructure as Code templates to be consumed via self-service.
 Design, develop, and maintain Infrastructure template catalog.
 Educate and assist internal development teams with the adoption process.
 Provide emerging technology recommendations and assist with creating strategic roadmaps and feature sets
 Provide technical guidance, standards and solutions that align with enterprise roadmaps and broader architectural recommendations.
 Define patterns and standards for infrastructure design, engineering and development.
 Possess the ability to work in an agile team with Kanban based work intake and universal backlog. Must be able to support agile development projects through regular sprint cycles.


 Minimum Requirements

 A bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 4+ years of experience working with Terraform.
 Strong expertise in AWS services including but not limited to ECS, EKS, RDS, EC2, S3, Fargate, Lambda etc.
 Familiarity with the CICD pipeline and continuous integration practices.
 Foundational knowledge of Source Code Management, such as GitHub.
 Hands on experience with Ansible.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with OpenShift or any container runtime environment.


 Candidates must be authorized to work in the US without company sponsorship
 Remote candidates welcome

 Compensation
 The listed annualized base pay range is primarily based on analysis of similar positions in the external market. Actual base pay could vary and may be above or below the listed range based on factors including but not limited to performance, proficiency and demonstration of competencies required for the role. The base pay is just one component of The Hartford’s total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include short-term or annual bonuses, long-term incentives, and on-the-spot recognition. The annualized base pay range for this role is:
 $112,160 - $168,240
  
 Benefits
 Our company’s success is due to our employees’ dedication and passion for their work. They are our greatest asset. That’s why we are committed to offering employees and their families a comprehensive benefits package and award-winning well-being programs. By helping our employees achieve their full potential, we unlock our own. Visit https://www.thehartford.com/careers/benefits for details.

 Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or Expression/Religion/Age
 Senior Staff Software Engineer - IE07HE
 
Kelly Technology has an opening for a REMOTE Perm Engineering Manager to work with our client.
SUMMARY
This person will join our expanding engineering team. As a senior manager on a 40-person engineering team, you’ll be responsible for setting product and feature delivery by coaching, mentoring and unblocking the engineers on your team. We’re a fast-growing company and successful management means getting hands on with code and design reviews as well as playing a part in the continued growth and development of our engineering team.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide organizational and technical leadership by contributing to functional requirements and design.
Deliver high quality software by problem-solving and unblocking team members.
Build and grow the team through interviewing, career development, coaching, and mentoring our current and future engineers.
Drive and help improve full cycle software development in line with company goals and priorities.
Create and guide your teams using Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and Objective and Key Results (OKRs).

REQUIRED SKILLS
7+ years of software engineering experience, 2+ years of managing a team of 5 or more engineers
Familiarity with at least one modern backend language (like Ruby or Python) and one frontend language or framework (like React, Redux, Angular, etc.)
Experience operating in a modern operational environment (we use GCP, Kubernetes and Docker)
Proven success at delivering high quality software in a fast-paced environment
Effective at project management and using agile software development principles

We understand that not everyone will be an expert in all of these areas on Day One. We value people with grit and a growth mindset and will consider someone with the fundamentals who is willing to learn and further their skill set.
If you are qualified and interested, please email your resume to norh098@kellyit.com
You should know: Your safety matters! Vaccination against COVID-19 may be a requirement for this job in compliance with current client and governmental policies. A Kelly recruiter will confirm and share more details with you during the interview process.
Why Kelly®?
By partnering with Kelly® Technology, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward.
About Kelly®
At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance.
]]

  Remote- Project Integration Engineer- JavaScript, Node, Python, 
  
   If you are a Remote- Project Integration Engineer- JavaScript, Node, Python, with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    What You'll Be Doing:
   

Work with the cloud development teams to gain in-depth understanding of our cloud solutions and how they can be integrated with partner and customer endpoints.
Work with customers or partners, support personnel, and other technical staff in coordination of the project tasks, including onboarding, integration, upgrade and customer acceptance of cloud projects.
Identify, document, and present on potential customer-facing risks during planning and implementation phases; advise of possible options to mitigate the risks or resolve the issues.
Break down large, complex, mission-critical projects into smaller milestones and actionable phases to help reduce risk and better guarantee success for all stakeholders.
Collaborate and coordinate integration project related deliverables with, Product Management, Engineering, and Cloud Operations teams to steward product improvements and issues resolution when required.
Share technical knowledge and skills throughout the department and Company by creating knowledge base articles, best practices documentation, and training materials.
Proactively suggest changes to products, processes or internal tools to improve efficiency.

 Required Qualifications:
   

Ability to manage and deliver multiple concurrent projects and meet tight deadlines with a significant workload in high-ambiguity, high-volatility environments that demand adaptability and a strong sense of urgency.
Proven ability to excel under tight deadlines and in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision.
Familiarity with Conditional Access or Digital Rights Management (DRM) experience with Windows Media DRM, Apple Fairplay, Google Widevine, etc.
Advanced critical-thinking, problem-solving capabilities, high attention to detail and ability to think from a systems level perspective.
Ability to maintain a professional, positive, can-do attitude, poise when under pressure to perform with extreme reliability.
Active participation in leading customer and partner meetings and presenting when required, then reporting on progress, next steps and action points
Strong customer facing skills, and ability to communicate verbally and in writing, complex technical solutions to stakeholders, ability to defend your recommendations with professionalism and diplomacy and track progress and actions across internal and external teams
4 or more years of cloud programming languages such as Python, Java Script, Linux systems administration, high-availability environments utilized by database-driven applications.
Ability to maintain a whole system perspective even when exposed to different deployment types, systems architectures, network topologies, and vendors with each problem or solution being addressed.
Strong presentation, meeting facilitation, and communication skills in English across geographies, cultures and time zones.
Thrives in a self-directed environment where solutions are sought-out rather than pre-packaged.
Bachelor's Degree.

 Each of the Following would be a Plus:
    " Previous broadcast experience with OTT/DRM or Internet streaming technologies for live and ondemand video content.
    " Experience with content encoders and packagers and use of (CPIX) protocol.
    " SQL database experience with schema-less databases. Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL or
    similar.
    " Experience with end-to-end solutions engineering and managing projects with multiple
    stakeholders.
    " Experience with: security protocols, server hardening techniques, cryptography, PKI, SSL/TLS.
    " Video standards such as: DECE/Ultraviolet, MPEG-2/MPEG-4 AVC, H.264, MPEG-DASH, HTTP
    Live Streaming, Microsoft Windows Media / PlayReady, Apple HLS, Marlin and RTSP.
    " Experience on set-top boxes, tablets, smartphones, Internet-connected devices, etc.
    " Business-level fluency in a non-English language.
    " Bachelors degree required in Computer Sciences, Electrical Engineering or related filed and
    MBA/MS in Computer Science is plus
  
 What You Need for this Position

Integration Engineer
Software Engineer
JavaScript
Node.js
Python
AWS

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Remote- Project Integration Engineer- JavaScript, Node, Python, with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Anya Glover
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Senior Application Developer - Python/Django 
  
Job Title: Python/Django Developer 
   
Job Location: Fully REMOTE within US (East Coast)
   
Job Duration: Full-time, Direct-hire
   
Requirements: Python, Django, Relational databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL), ASP.NET, PHP, Bootstrap
   
 Based in PA, we are a top leading ratings company that actively rates the credit worthiness of over 2,000 high grade and high yield US corporate debt issuers. We have a great team of quantitative analysts and software developers working to make our ratings platform better than ever. We are looking for a talented mid-level Python/Django Developer to join the team to help support existing web properties while also working to build new web applications using Python and Django.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Building web applications using Python and Django frameworks
Maintaining existing Python and PHP scripts
Maintaining existing web properties with PHP and ASP.net
Help mentor junior developers

 What You Need for this Position

    Qualifications and skills: 
   


2-4 years (or 5+ years for senior-level) of experience with Python web development
2+ years of experience with front-end development (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.)
1+ years using distributed version control systems such as Git or Mercurial
1+ years of experience working with frontend frameworks such as Bootstrap, Vue JS, and jQuery
2+ years of experience designing and using a relational database (i.e., PostgreSQL, MySQL, MS
 SQL)
   

1+ years of experience developing in a web framework such as Django or Flask
Ability to solve problems quickly
Ability to work independently and in a team
Ability to work in an agile environment

 Plusses: 
   

2+ years of PHP or ASP.net development experience
Designing and building a CI/CD process
1+ years experience with a NoSQL database
2+ years of Django (or Flask) development experience


 What's In It for You

Competitive Base Salary: 100k-120k or up to 140k for Senior-level DOE 
Good health/dental/vision benefits
401k + company match
Healthy PTO plan
Company equipment provided
Fully Remote Work


    So, if you are a Django Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Katy Bruce
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


THE ROLE
 The Software Engineer Ill requires a solid understanding of software engineering methodologies. As our newly hired Software Engineer, you will play a key role in developing APl's for our platform in our AWS environment. You will focus on Restful API development and back-end engineering while integrating multiple products into the Archtics platform. You will also help to advance our technical modernization agenda by working closely with our partner and architecture Tech teams.
 
We believe in solving complex issues through collaboration and teamwork, so being a team player is a key characteristic that we look for in our engineers.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES

 You'll be developing, fixing, debugging, and testing back-end APl's using Java as the primary software language.
 You will be working with a team of senior engineers and architects implementing application design into functional code.
 You will be writing TDD's and BDD's supporting our automation goal of ensuring code quality above 80%. Automation is key!
 You'll be generating or updating documentation that describes the end to end system flow and visually conceptualizes system architectures and entity relationships.
 You'll be working closely with product and program managers to understand requirements and advance our agile development practices. Communication is a major aspect of this role.

 
REQUIREMENTS

 A minimum of a Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline (CS, MS)
 3 or more years of direct experience in Java service development
 Experience with developing RESTful APls
 Experience deploying code using Cl/CD pipelines
 Practical experience in web development; HTTP, Javascript, Spring, etc.
 Experience with TDD/BDD tools such as Cucumber, JUnit, etc.
 Experience with open source development tools (Maven, GIT)
 Understanding of SOL
 Comfortable in Agile, Kanban, or similar modern development environments


JOB DESCRIPTION
DAY TO DAY:

A client of Insight Global is seeking a Salesforce Developer to be part of their team. This Developer will be cultivating and nurturing relationships with clients through transparency, organization and communication. You will be responsible for delivering high quality, well tested code using SOLID design principals and enterprise design patterns within project timelines. You will need to have the ability to manage customer conversations and assist in building technical solutions with technical and non-technical customer, work with clients to gather project requirements to address their specific business need, assist in design, develop, and documenting solutions to meet requirements. The Developer would need to stay up to date on new Salesforce features/releases/products and participate in the solution development, implementation and project closeout at customer sites.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
MUST HAVES:

Full-stack development: Aura Framework, Lightning Web Component (LWC), Visualforce, Apex, REST and SOAP-based web services, debugging, troubleshooting, and performance managementKnowledge of object-oriented concepts and development experience with design patterns including MVCUnderstanding of relational databases (SQL, MySQL, etc.)Experience with driving data migrations between Salesforce and other systems.Experience with troubleshooting integrations issuesExperience in a test-driven and formal QA development environmentApproximately 1-3 years of experience in software development or programming
DESIRED SKILLS
PLUSSES:
Salesforce Platform Developer I Certification

  Frontend Tech lead 
  
   If you are a Frontend Tech lead and want a challenging position leading a team with a market disrupting AI startup in the supply chain space, please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Great leadership with successful start-up experience!
Great Benefits!
WORK FROM HOME!

 What You Will Be Doing

Work w/ product team, frontend and UX designer, architects and Sr. Devs to create technical design, plan and roadmap to bring our delivery platform to life
Responsible for performance of a 3-8 person team
Develop and deploy services contributing to the frontend and full stack
Build and maintain distributed ML pipelines
Collaborate w/ engineers and data scientists across the organization

 What You Need for this Position

    At least 5 years of experience with:
   

Frontend/UI Development
JavaScript, TypeScript, D3.js
REACT
AWS
Postgres
 -NICE TO HAVE-
   

Kubernetes & Docker
NumPy/pandas
Elasticsearch, Kafka, Spark, Swagger


 What's In It for You

Competitive Salary + Bonus + Equity
Medical/Dental/Vision
Retirement
PTO/Paid Holidays
Leadership role in a rapidly growing startup
FULLY REMOTE!


    So, if you are a Frontend Tech lead with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Blake Andersen
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Our client is seeking a Full Stack Developer with ASP .NET Core and Angular experience for a permanent role opportunity!  TITLE: Full Stack Developer TERM: Permanent / FTE LOCATION: Remote – Prefer EST/CTR Timezones  Become a key partner in expanding, architecting and developing a new platform focused on employee experience for organizations across a diverse set of industries and locations.

Continuously deliver valuable software and technology solutions that increase our value and impact on the world
Architect, design and develop composable modern applications and platforms
Provide thought leadership in technology direction and architecture
Evolve DevOps infrastructure to increase business agility
Lead by example and inspire trust
Continuously grow and increase knowledge and capabilities of yourself and your teammates

You’ll need to bring thought leadership and deep knowledge of technology and software engineering, with proven experience for these capabilities:
Architecture:

SaaS
Micro Services
RESTful APIs
Progressive Web Apps
SPA
OOD / SOLID Principles
Automated Testing (Unit, integration, end-to-end, etc.)
Authentication and identity stacks (OIDC, SAML2, etc.)
Software Security concepts (OWASP, etc.)

Development:

ASP.NET 5 (core) Web API
.NET 5 (core)
Angular
Bootstrap
SQL Server
Identity Server 4
Azure Repos / Git
Visual Studio Code
Visual Studio 2019
C#
TypeScript / JavaScript
HTML / CSS

Team Delivery:

Scrum
Kanban
Azure Boards

Understanding and experience with the following is also desirable:
DevOps:

CI / CD
Azure Pipelines
Azure Artifacts
Octopus Deploy
YAML
PowerShell
Azure Cloud
Kubernetes
Docker

Experience:

Angular: 5 years (Required)
TypeScript: 5 years (Required)
Bootstrap: 5 years (Required)
ASP.NET 5 Web API: 5 years (Required)
.NET Core: 5 years (Required)
EF Core: 5 years (Required)
SQL Server: 5 years (Required)
Git: 5 years (Required)
Scrum: 3 years (Preferred)
Kanban: 3 years (Preferred)
Agile: 3 years (Preferred)

Apply with MATRIX today! 




   Equal Employment Opportunity
   


   MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
  


   MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.
  



Must Haves: 
- 5-8 years .Net experience (.net core)

Dedicated, self-driven and willingness to take responsibility and ownership of application
Strong Problem identifying and solving ability and Excellent communication skills
Strong in C# Collections, Delegates, Multithreading
Strong in Console Application Development
Hands on experience in ASP.NET
Strong in Web API
Hands on experience in MVC
Strong in LINQ, Lambda Expressions
Hands on experience in using Unit Testing Framework like NUnit
Hands on experience in SQL Server concepts along with SQL query optimization
Hands on experience in REST & SOAP services
Hands on experience in Autosys
ASP.Net, C#, MVC, Java Script, Node.JS Web service/ REST and SQL Server Database
Development experience in Agile and good understanding of Agile routines
Good experience working with version management tools like SVN and GIT

Plusses: 

Experience in migration of .NET framework code to .NET Core.
Knowledge of Ansible, Artifactory, Sonar is plus.
SSIS, SSRS
Jquery, EXTJS
Financial and Banking experience

Day to Day: 
Insight Global is hiring a .Net Developer for one of our top banking clients. This candidate can work remote for now, but eventually will need to sit in either Charlotte, NC, New Jersey or Dallas, TX. This person will be supporting the Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) program and facilitate the day to day operations within the Bank's operation control platform (OCP). This person will be responsible for demonstrating technical and analytical skills in development of Web/windows based applications using DotNet and SQL Server technologies. They must be able to work independently, develop test cases and perform unit testing. Lastly, they will need to provide regular task status updates to the management team and interact with the distributed team.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $68.26 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

.NET: 4 years (Preferred)
C#: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations


  Principal Architect 
  
   If you are a Senior/Principal Architect with experience, please read on!
   
 We are one of the Top Recruitment & Retention Technology platform firms across the globe, with our members being dispersed across 30+ different countries. Based out of Southern California, we have grown tremendously over the last 8 years and are excited to add a 100% remote Principal Architect to the team! 
   
 The ideal candidate will have at least 8+ years of software development experience, 4+ years of software architecture, and specifically, be knowledgeable with JavaScript (React/Node.JS). If this is you, please apply today or email your resume to belle.arriaga@cybercoders.com for immediate consideration!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

100% Remote Role 
Full Benefits 
401K Match 
Discounted Stock Options

 What You Need for this Position

At least 8+ years of software development experience 
At least 4+ years of software architecture experience 
Experience with JavaScript programming frameworks (React, Node.JS, TypeScript) 
Experience in an AWS environment

 What's In It for You

Competitive Compensation (Base + Annual Bonus) 
Full Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision)
401K Match 
Discounted stock options


    So, if you are a Principal Architect with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Belle Arriaga
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Key skills include:

In-depth experience with software development standards and best practices to build efficient cross-browser web applications from mockups to maintaining existing websites.
Demonstrated experience with developing Java RESTful web services in an enterprise production environment


Demonstrated experience writing APIs and integration with AWS.
Demonstrated experience with Spring web services and core Spring Boot concepts
Demonstrated experience in creating and utilizing REST and SOAP-based web service clients
Create unit tests covering critical areas of new code while alsomaintaining existing unit tests.
Demonstrated experience in the mechanisms of enterprise software development including source control, repositories, Wikis, continuous integration, and the like


Demonstrated experience with JavaScript libraries, ideally Angular.jsCytel provides unrivaled biostatistics and operations research knowledge to our customers in the life sciences industries in the form of both software and services. At Cytel, we work hard to create successful careers with significant professional growth for our employees, as a result of which they work hard to make Cytel successful. Cytel is a place where talent, experience and integrity come together to advance the state of clinical development.


We are experiencing exponential growth on a global scale and hiringSenior Statistical Programmers to join our FSP division. You will apply your know-how in CDISC standards (SDTM & ADaM) and advanced SAS programming skills, tosupport or lead one or more Phase I-IV clinical trials, across a variety of therapeutic areas.


Position is home-based in North America (U.S. & Canada), with option to work out of one of our office locations in King of Prussia, PA or Waltham, MA.


How you will contribute:

Performing data manipulation, analysis and reporting of clinical trial data, both safety and efficacy (ISS/ISE), utilizing SAS programming
Generating and validating SDTM and ADaM datasets/analysis files, and tables, listings, and figures ( TLFs)
Production and QC / validation programming
Generating complex ad-hoc reports utilizing raw data
Applying strong understanding/experience of Efficacy analysis
Communicating with and/or responding to internal cross-functional teams and client for project specifications, status, issues or inquiries
Performing lead duties when called upon
Serving as team player, with a willingness to go the extra distance to get results, meet deadlines, etc.
Being adaptable and flexible when priorities change


What you offer:

Bachelor’s degree in one of the following fieldsStatistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, etc.
At least 6years of SAS programming working with clinical trial data in the Pharmaceutical & Biotech industrywith a bachelor’s degree or equivalent. At least 5years of related experience with a master’s degree or above.
Study lead experience, preferably juggling multiple projects simultaneously preferred.
Strong SAS data manipulation, analysis and reporting skills.
Solid experience implementing the latest CDISC SDTM / ADaM standards.
Strong QC / validation skills.
Good ad-hoc reporting skills.
Proficiency in Efficacy analysis.
Familiarity with drug development life cycle and experience with the manipulation, analysis and reporting of clinical trials’ data.
Submissions experience utilizing define.xml and other submission documents.
Experience supporting Oncology studies a plus.
Excellent analytical & troubleshooting skills.
Ability to provide quality output and deliverables, in adherence with challenging timelines.
Ability to work effectively and successfully in a globally dispersed team environment with cross-cultural partners.


Why Cytel?

Our collaborative working environment encourages innovation and rewards results, and we are proud to have one of the lowest turnover rates in the industry.
In addition to a competitive compensation, we offer an excellent benefit’s package, annual bonus incentive, promote work-life balance, and the opportunity to grow with us!
Work with respected experts and thought leaders in the fields of biostatistics and statistical programming.

Cytel Inc. is an Equal Employment / Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristics protected by law.


Cytel does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact Cytel’s human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to Cytel. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and Cytel. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of Cytel. Cytel shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies.
Essential Functions: 

Work on a platform for monitoring, logging, and orchestration of docker applications running on Kubernetes
Development and implement platform components to support containers
Present technical solutions, capabilities, considerations and features in business terms
Effectively communicate status, issues, and risks in a precise and timely manner
Lead the App Services Engineering strategic efforts; working on all 3 layers of the stack related to infrastructure, middleware, and continuous integration and delivery frameworks
Support the implementation of new programs and subprograms, as well as enhancements, modifications, and corrections to existing software
Troubleshoot and conduct root cause analysis to address routine to moderately complex reporting issues with accuracy or performance
Define and evolve DevOps best practice by working within teams and educating the other stakeholder teams. These best practices should support traceability & auditability of change
Lead cross-functional co-located teams in design, development and implementation of enterprise scalable features related to enabling higher developer productivity, environment monitoring and self-healing, and facilitate autonomous delivery teams

Basic Qualifications: 

Must be U.S. Citizen per ITAR/DoD regulatory restrictions
2 years of work experience with a bachelor’s degree 2+ years of recent hands on development and/or DevOps experience
Experience deploying to and orchestrating containers (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
Experience in configuration management tools Experience standing up, updating and managing Docker Images Work with business / IT infrastructure teams for requirements gathering, developing specifications for severs
Strong understanding of CI/CD Pipelines Experience using GIT, Artifactory, Jenkins, Docker registry, etc.
Experience with micro-services
Experience building and updating CI/CD pipelines Scripting skills e.g. Bash, Python
Experience with deploying and managing micro-services using container orchestration platforms
Experienced in building solutions for monitoring, logging, security, and scalability of applications
Experience with Active Directory, LDAP, DNS, DHCP, Firewall

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $55.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

DevOps: 2 years (Required)
Kubernetes: 2 years (Required)
Docker: 2 years (Required)
Microservices: 2 years (Required)
application scalability: 2 years (Required)
Active Directory, LDAP, DNS, DHCP, & Firewalls: 2 years (Required)
CI/CD: 2 years (Required)
Bash or Python: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
RESPONSIBILITIES:
If you're looking for a Remote Engineering position with great benefits including a 401k with a 6% match, immediate vesting and allows you to live the dream of a flexible lifestyle with truly unlimited PTO, we have a great role for you. Kforce has a client based out of Portland, OR that is looking for multiple remote mid-senior and Lead Polygot API/Microservices Software Engineers who are easily trainable, and places high value on software craftmanship, mentorship, and interpersonal engagement to join their team.

Key tasks include:

Software Engineer will be utilizing strong programming sills, and a deep knowledge of Cloud services to implement highly scalable and reliable solutions
Influencing the team to adopt quality upfront techniques
Guiding the design, and building of high-quality solutions on AWS Cloud in a fast-moving environment
As a Software Engineer, you will be introducing leading edge technologies and define conventions for the team
Influence team members to adopt best practices

REQUIREMENTS:

Minimum seven years of professional experience, using two or more development languages and working with multiple data storage technologies
Python or Polygot experience with at least 2 software coding languages for example Node, Golang, Rust, .NET Core
Ability to guide technical direction within a cross-functional engineering team
Ability to write high-quality, well-tested code that places maintainability over cleverness
Experience building applications and services in a service-oriented architecture
Deep experience with a Cloud platform

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

  Java Spring Boot Developer 
  
Job Title: Java Spring Boot Developer
   
Job Location: Remote 
   
Job Salary: $140k-$160k/yr + Bonus + Stock + Benefits
   
Requirements: Java, Spring Boot, AWS, Docker
   
 Based in the San Diego area, we are a global leader in cloud treasury and finance solutions. We provide award-winning solutions for cash and risk-management, payment, and supply chain finance. Due to growth we are seeking a Java Spring Boot Developer who has 3+ years of experience with Java, Spring Boot, AWS, and Docker. Experience with Restful Services, Swagger, OpenAPI, SQL, Git, Gradle, Jira, and Confluence would be a huge plus but not a must have skill.
   
 If you are a Java Spring Boot Developer with experience, please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    You will be responsible for designing and developing software solutions, implement unit and integration tests, and troubleshoot issues.
  
 What You Need for this Position

 Must Have Skills: 

 1.) 3+ years of software development experience
    2.) Experience with Java, Spring Boot, Spring Framework
    3.) Experience with AWS or Docker
    4.) Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field
   

Nice to have skills: 

 1.) Experience designing and developing Restful Services 
    2.) Experience with Swagger or OpenAPI
    3.) Knowledge of SQL
    4.) Experience with Git, Gradle, Jira, IntelliJ, or Confluence
  
 What's In It for You

    We are a teach leader that values our employees, if hired, you will be rewarded with an offer that will include:
   
 1.) $140k -$160k Salary + Bonus
    2.) Stock Options
    3.) 401k
    4.) Benefits
    5.) Work/Life Balance
    6.) Fully Remote
  

    So, if you are a Java Spring Boot Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Gino Tunzi
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Machine Learning Software Engineer 
  
   If you are a Machine Learning Software Engineer with 5+ years of experience, please read on!
   

Job Title: Machine Learning Software Engineer
   
Location: 100% Remote
   
Salary: $130-180K based on experience
   
Requirements: BS Computer Science or related field with Masters or PhD preferred and 5+ years of experience
   
 This would be an amazing opportunity for you if you are looking for the opportunity to design systems from the ground up!
   

Additional ways in which a candidate may stand out would be:


Entrepreneurial Spirit
Bring a blend of Software Engineering and Data Science


 What You Will Be Doing

Help reimagine our systems from the ground up, designing the next generation of technology applications
Developing predictive algorithms producing high-level architecture designs, building, and operating services at scale
Partner with a team Software/Data/ML/Applied engineers for building high performing applications that interact with large scale distributed systems
Instill best practices in development of algorithms, design, build, and maintenance systems that deal with streaming big data for analytics and ML use cases
Participate in all phases of software development including concept, design, prototyping, and production release

 What You Need for this Position

    - BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Industrial Engineering/OR or related field - MS/PhD preferred
   

5+ years of professional software engineering experience
Demonstrated success in development / design of large scale big data systems that perform complex event processing, machine learning and/or data mining
Strong diagnostic, debugging, and troubleshooting skills
Experience building applications on one or more public Cloud Platform 
Experience designing and implementing highly reliable, fault-tolerant distributed ML applications with focus on ML Operations
Strong scripting skills in a Linux/Unix environment (not limited to but may include Bash, Python, Perl)
Experience working with relational databases and NoSQL data stores on-premise and in the Cloud 
Experience working with data processing frameworks (Hadoop, Spark, Kafka) a plus
Experience building demand forecasting platforms


 What's In It for You

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Machine Learning Software Engineer with 5+ years of experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Jenn Parrella
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Scala Data Engineer 
  
   -THIS POSITION IS 100% REMOTE-
   
 If you are a Data Engineer with Scala experience, please read on!
   
 Founded in 2017, we are a comprehensive security platform designed specifically for SaaS. Organizations throughout the world entrust more data to their SaaS applications than ever before, from productivity suites and communication tools to HR systems and identity suppliers. To make these complex, interrelated applications safer and more secure, we develop a thorough and contextual understanding of them. Having just gone through Series C funding, we are an rapid growth mode right now and looking for multiple Senior DevOps Engineers to join our team!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Work from home!
Competitive compensation
Equity options
Medical
Dental
Vision
Unlimited PTO
401k
 ...and more!
   What You Will Be Doing

Design distributed systems, write production code, conduct code reviews, and collaborate with our infrastructure and reliability teams as part of the engineering life cycle
Develop and manage an analytics pipeline for acquiring, storing, and analyzing data types of interest to feed real-time artificial intelligent system behaviors in a big data ecosystem
Develop or apply technologies to aid machine learning analyses driven by analysts
Support and create well-engineered data systems to meet analytical needs for cloud-based systems (AWS) and data delivery via APIs.
Understand requirements and data needs and definitions, collaborate with the existing engineering team, data scientists, analysts, and the business.

 What You Need for this Position

    -WE ARE GROWING RAPIDLY AND HAVE NUMEROUS POSITIONS OPEN FROM MID-SENIOR EXPERIENCE-
   
 At least 3 years' Data Engineering experience with a combination of the following:
   


Scala (Required)
AWS (Required)
Airflow
Spark
Hive
Hadoop



    So, if you are a Data Engineer with Scala experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Kevin Jones
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

GridIron IT is seeking an Applications Programmer to join our rapidly growing team supporting a federal government client.
Ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance required
Essential Job Functions:

Devising and modifying applications programs and procedures from detailed specifications to solve complex problems. Designs, codes, tests, debugs, documents, and maintains those programs.
Ability to deliver competent O&M and system enhancement support by executing all phases of applications programming activities.

Prior experience with the below technologies will help you excel in this role.

Required:
Nodejs, JavaScript, Electron
React/SPA
AWS serverless framework (API Gateway, ALB, Lambda, DynamoDB, EventBridge, Kinesis, S3, DMS)
Preferred
Java; SQL – Oracle, PostgreSQL; JSP
App Servers – Tomcat, WildFly, WebSphere
Frameworks –Spring, Spring Boot, Struts
ORM – JPA, Hibernate, MyBatis
MQ/JMS – IBM MQ Series, ActiveMQ
REST concepts; JWT
Testing: JUnit, Selenium, JMeter
Angular
DevOps:
Jenkins/Cloudbees – Groovy Jenkinsfile development
Ansible – Playbook development, Tower management
Hashicorp Terraform and Hashicorp Vault
Certificate management; Jira issue management; Git source code management

Other beneficial skills/knowledge areas:

Encryption
Authentication mechanisms: OAuth, SAML, AWS Cognito, Kerberos
Linux systems management
Bash scripting
AWS CLI

Minimum Required Qualifications:

US citizenship is required.
Able to obtain and maintain a Public Trust clearance.
Bachelor's degree.
To be considered at an Intermediate level, you must have a minimum of 5+ years of experience as an Applications Programmer.
To be considered at a Senior level, you must have 10+ years of experience as an Applications Programmer.
To be considered at an Architect level, you must have 15+ years of experience as an Applications Programmer. Salary will be based on years of experience.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work as a team player.
Detailed documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communications.
Strong customer service/client facing skills.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $68,433.00 - $149,536.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Java: 4 years (Required)
Javascript: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Lead Developer 
  
   I am looking for a Lead Software Engineer to join a rapidly growing startup company in the SaaS/Financial industry. This is a 100% remote position and my client's platform helps automate the process and decrease compliance/transaction risks for financial institutions nationwide. They have received over $5M in series funding and in process of closing another round series A. They are a fully backed company with an existing product in market.
   

Tech stack: Node, Angular, AWS 
 Flexible on salary: $180-225K base (depends on experience), Bonus, Equity, Generous PTO.
   
 If you are interested, please reply back w/ your resume and a time today I can call for 5 min.
  
 What's In It for You

    We offer a comprehensive compensation plan including but not limited to:
   

A highly competitive salary
Bonus Package 
Full benefits (Dental, Medical, Vision)
401k with company match


 What You Will Be Doing

Build high-quality software with the help of other team members.
Organize project needs and deadlines.
You will continue to directly contribute to the code development while leading and managing projects, thus you must have hands-on coding expertise.
Train junior engineers
Participate in scrums and other agile rituals.
Assist the team in creating scalable structures and encouraging best practices.

 What You Need for this Position

    Must have experience: 
   

7+ years of experience as a Software Developer
2+ years of experience as a Lead or Manager
5+ years of experience with Node
Minimum 3+ years of experience with Angular 

 Pluses: 
   

Payment Industry



    So, if you are a Lead Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Miranda Orr
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
A career in our Financial Services Enabling Technologies practice, within Industry and Functional Apps services, will provide you with the opportunity to build secure and new digital experiences for customers, employees, and suppliers. We focus on improving apps or developing new apps for traditional and mobile devices as well as conducting usability testing to find ways to improve our clients’ user experience.

As part of our team, you’ll help clients harness technology systems in financial services focusing on areas such as insurance, sales performance management, retirement and pension, asset management, and banking & capital markets.
Responsibilities
As a Manager, you’ll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Proactively assist in the management of a portfolio of clients, while reporting to Senior Managers and above
Be involved in the financial management of clients
Be actively involved in business development activities to help identify and research opportunities on new/existing clients
Contribute to the development of your own and team’s technical acumen
Develop strategies to solve complex technical challenges
Assist in the management and delivering of large projects
Train, coach, and supervise staff
Keep up to date with local and national business and economic issues
Continue to develop internal relationships and your PwC brand
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
7 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Programming, Computer Engineering, Engineering and Business, Engineering, Management Information Systems, Information Technology

Certification(s) Preferred:
Guidewire Certifications in PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Knowledge of P&C Insurance domain (Policy, Claims, and Billing applications as per product requirements);
Knowledge and demonstrated ability with Java or GOSU programming;
Knowledge and hands-on experience working with J2EE, Application Servers, XML/Web Services/ RDBMS; and,
Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter Configuration development experience.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success managing teams and executing the following areas:
Designing, developing, modifying, and deploying software, including object-oriented programming concepts with using design standards and best practices;
Planning, designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging, and maintaining GOSU language application code within Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter;
Configuring screen layouts, including creation of new screens (PCFs);
Configuring workflows based on business requirements and logic;
Configuring operational and administration related parameters such as roles and permissions, user attributes regions, and activity patterns;
Resolving issues identified during testing of the configuration requirements;
Handling the responsibility of organizing code merges and environment management tasks;
Performing minor and major Guidewire software upgrades;
Working a Middleware platform like Websphere ESB, MuleSoft, Webmethods or a similar software platform;
Working on various data structures and platforms from legacy flat files to complex relational models;
Implementing integration modules that can be reused, ensuring loose coupling as well as easy scalability of various systems and its components;
Developing GUnit/Junit tests for testing business logic;
Designing and developing batch processes inside the Guidewire Centers as well as external batch processes that connects with Guidewire systems; and,
Designing and developing adapters and service APIs and Plugin components based on business requirements.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record success in the following areas:
Working with a development team using Agile methodology, Source version control, and Release management to deliver user stories and ultimately software;
Managing projects, programs, and teams of various sizes;
Leading a team of developers and working with both onshore & offshore teams in different timezones;
Architecting and creating solution designs and effectively presenting solution architecture with various options and estimates;
Assisting in GOSU code reviews, code cleanups and helping to perform sprint demos;
Utilizing technical experiences in Java/GOSU to build and maintain integrations for multi-platform applications; and,
Designing, developing and deploying complex integrations working with Guidewire software and multi-tier applications and systems.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-Remote

  Senior Solutions Engineer - Enterprise, B2B, SaaS, Mobile 
  
   If you are a Solutions Engineer with experience, please read on!
   
 Based in NYC and remotely in the US, we are a booming software tech company whose mission is to increase mobile commerce revenue and user engagement for its enterprise-level clients. We are experiencing amazing growth and was just named a Best Place to Work in NYC, across all company sizes! We are so excited about where we are heading next and we have created a Partner Engineering team that this candidate will eventually lead and grow. We are about 60-70 employees currently and raised Series C a couple years back. This is a highly visible role as we continue to grow and is 100% REMOTE in the US.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Be the subject matter expert on our technology to the outside world.
Ensure the ongoing quality, stability, and accuracy of integrations with our products.
Develop solutions to expand our marketplace, by writing code & making configuration changes on top of the frameworks developed by our engineering teams.
 - Partner with our product teams to execute go-to-market strategies for new products - distilling market feedback into actionable product improvements.
  

Improve our tools and contribute to road mapped product improvements to enable more efficient integrations.
Can go deep anywhere in the stack to debug complex systems & identify issues.
Have the ability to move fast & make decisions with a pragmatic approach to any problem.

 What You Need for this Position

    5+ years experience of the following: 
   


Customer-facing solutions architecture
B2B SaaS startup
Enterprise customers
Technical Integrations & Delivery
Data flow & Architecture
Building technical solutions for product adoption



At least 30% hands-on coding in current role 
Python, Go, or Node
APIs
Interface with Product / Engineering / Revenue
Adoption of SaaS/Mobile products
Bachelor's degree in CS or related degree


 What's In It for You

    - Competitive base salary: $140,000 - $190,000 base DOE - depends on level of experience 
   

Bonus and/or Equity potential 
Unlimited PTO
100% Medical, Dental and vision Insurance
401k (+ company match)
+ many more perks!!



    So, if you are a Solutions Architect with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Katy Bruce
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 We are seeking multiple Software Engineers in a REMOTE work format for a large scale Army R&D program that entering it’s second of three phases of prototypes before moving into the program of record phase. This program is the Army's mobile intelligence ground station that will leverage space-based, aerial and terrestrial layer sensors to provide targetable data. The system will provide access to low earth orbit satellites, enable deep sensing and shorten the sensor-to-shooter loop. It will also feature a modular, open-systems architecture, and will employ analytic tools, including advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), to assist soldiers and analysts managing large volumes of sensor data at the speed of demand in multidomain operations and across the continuum of competition and conflict. 
 Our software engineers will be involved with all phases of the software development life cycle including: 
 SW requirements analysis 
 Use case support 
 SW architecture analysis 
 Detailed design 
 Software builds 
 Generating test plans 
 Ensuring code meets requirements through thorough unit testing 
 Updating technical documents 
 Software integration support 
 Problem detection and resolving discrepancy reports 
 

Skills:
 Java, JavaScript, ArcGIS, informatica 
 

Additional Skills & Qualifications:
Required Experience:
 Bachelors Degree in Engineering or related 
 
2+ Years of experience in the following: JavaScript, Java, ArcGIS, and User Interface development. 
 Ability to design, develop, and maintain new software functionality 
 Ability to work with previously written code and make modifications as necessary 
 Eligible for US DoD Clearance (TS/SCI would be a plus) 
 

Preferred:
 Experience with Informatica (preferred) 
 

Experience Level:
 Intermediate Level 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

Role: Oracle PL/SQL developer with SEI exp
Location: New York/East coast
Experience: 8+ years
Job Description: 

8+ years of relevant experience and skilled in – Oracle PL/SQL and Microsoft SQL programming with hands on in Cloud environment - preferably Azure
Expertise on Oracle PL/SQL programming
Expert level knowledge in SEI SWP platform is must
Hands on experience of SEI SWP platform migration
Hands on experience of AIX platform
Experienced in SQL performance tuning and troubleshooting
Experience in Agile/Scrum based project executions

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $55.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Oracle PL/SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
SEI: 1 year (Preferred)
Extension integration: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 7207410204


  Description: 
   Are you interested in joining a company that is on a mission to change the way organizations view and manage their cybersecurity risk? Are you a passionate technical expert looking to make your mark with one of the most innovative tech organizations in the security industry?
 
RiskLens is looking for a Senior Test Automation Engineer to become a vital member of the Engineering team. In this exciting role, you will be responsible for building and maintaining a scalable functional test automation framework. The candidate will aim to verify and validate functionality, performance, customer use cases, and quality standards for each product and service, as well as internal and external integrations.
 
The Senior Test Automation Engineer position requires applicants to be self-driven and work as part of a distributed team designing and automating high-value test suites for customer-driven solutions. The candidates have strong working knowledge and experience in Agile Software Development and will be responsible for designing, coding, documenting, and executing test cases and defect fixes for solutions touching on a wide variety of technologies across all products and services offered by RiskLens.
 This position is 100% remote. Discretion, teamwork, creativity, and having a quality and delivery mindset are a must.
 
About RiskLens® 
RiskLens is a software startup backed by premier Venture Capital investors that are empowering organizations to make risk-informed cybersecurity decisions by analyzing outcomes in financial terms. The market is rapidly developing, and we have acquired a significant lead in the marketplace with many of the world's largest companies as customers, in industries as diverse as financial services, retail, and healthcare.
 RiskLens offers a comprehensive healthcare package, unlimited paid time off, parental leave, true team culture, and career growth through personal and professional development opportunities. We are growing fast and so will you.
 In this exciting role, you will report to the Engineering Manager and contribute to the success of RiskLens.
 
Requirements: 
   Performance Profile 

Within the first 30 days

Familiarize yourself with the RiskLens SaaS platform
Gain an understanding of the current RiskLens SDLC processes and procedures
Gain an understanding of the current test automation framework

Within 60 days

Develop reasonable expertise in RiskLens platform product and roadmap
Identify areas of improvement in the current functional test automation framework and develop a plan of improvement
Identify Build Acceptance tests (BATs) from the current test suite to run on every build via automation
Identify tests from the current test suite that can be automated for smoke testing, regression testing, and integration testing runs
Build a strong collaborative working relationship with cloud platform engineering, application security, and Software engineering teams to resolve issues and deliver work products with high quality

Within 6 months 

Create valuable, reproducible, singular, and independent high-performance automated tests
Have a working functional test automation framework to execute various automated tests scripts
Have running test scripts from previously identified regression test suite that gets executed during sprint development cycles
Document how to use the automation framework, set up test data, and configure test environments
Work with the developers on the team to analyze and resolve defects
Continuously improve and automate test automation processes and procedures

 Required Skills and Experience 

Demonstrate the ability to work collaboratively in a remote work setting
Strong coding/scripting skills for test automation development
7+ years of experience in software testing, QA, test engineering
5+ years of experience with SQL databases
Experience with automated test frameworks and libraries such as Watir, Cypress, Robot, JMeter, Cucumber, Selenium, CodedUI etc. - API, UI, etc
Critical thinking approaches to testing complicated software
Able to work across Engineering, UX, and Product Management teams to understand big picture ideas and identify solutions to make those ideas come to life
Working experience with any of the commercial pipeline systems such as Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions, CircleCI, Travis, Jenkins
Participate in Scrum ceremonies such as daily stand-ups, story planning, sprint reviews, and retrospectives
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, flexibility, team spirit, and positive attitude
Willingness to work in a dynamic startup environment where every day offers new challenges
History of looking into new automation tools, languages, and/or methodologies to improve testing
Jira experience or equivalent for bug tracking/story/task management

 PI177879300



TITLE: Senior Java Developer  Location: Remote   We are looking for a person that can build and maintain the various portal and API capabilities for a fast-paced organization that is growing. The person will be a key resource that drives the microservices-based architecture to support portal, app as well as business-to-business integration requirements on the roadmap from infancy into a mature system that is centered around providing an amazing end-user experience.   Job Description

Establish best practices, structure and processes to ensure timely executive of high-quality deliverables
Designs and codes applications using advanced technology; envisioning system features and functionality throughout software development life cycle
Strong cloud-technologies experience with a proven record of building and maintaining cloud-native applications.
Collaborate with scrum team, product and technical leads to enhance or resolve product features while delivering on committed sprint stories and goals

Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Strong familiarity working with REST and/or SOAP APIs
Responsive and mobile-friendly web assets
Cross-browser development
Strong test automation experience using tools such as Selenium, Appium, Cucumber
Experience using agile development practices.
Effective written and verbal communication skills along with strong organization, decision making and management abilities.
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Degree in Software Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or a directly-related field or equivalent experience

Experience

8+ years of experience with Java/J2EE
2+ years of being part of Agile teams – Scrum or Kanban
2+ years of experience in cloud technologies required; AWS preferred 
3+ years in Web development frameworks like React, Spring, Spring Boot other Node.js based systems, React-native, etc.
Experience with Git/SVN, native Git-SCM or service providers (GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.)
Fluent in BDD and TDD development methodologies
Work in an agile CI/CD environment (Jenkins experience a plus)

About Infinity Consulting Solutions  At Infinity Consulting Solutions our mission is to cultivate successful long term relationships with candidates and clients matching the right candidate with the right client. We believe technology cannot replace the real personal relationships we cultivate. We reject the notion that technology alone is the answer to staffing which is why we our successful partnerships rely on collaboration NOT automation. ICS has been providing flexible staffing solutions for over 20 years in Information Technology, Compliance, Accounting / Finance and Corporate Support. Our staffing solutions include Contract, Temp to Perm and Permanent Placement.  ICS is an Equal Opportunity Employer.


We are looking for a Semi Senior/ Senior MuleSoft API Developer.
This position is to work for one of our Clients. This with a large insurance company that treats their contractors like family. They promote work/ life balance.
The applicant should have 5 years working experience, 3 in MuleSoft
Have an Green Card or be an US Citizen
Requirements
Professionally contributed to solution development, documentation and implementation over the last five plus years with 3 years or more in

MuleSoft, DataWeave, Anypoint Platform
API / Microservices
Building/managing AWS cloud services by automating/orchestrating moderately complex processes, within a single cloud environment
Distributed AWS cloud platform configuration, deployment, and lifecycle management automation tools.Learns quickly when facing new problems and is a relentless and versatile learner, open to change. Analyzes both successes and failures for clues to improvement.

Valuable experience

Kafka, AWS, XML, Java / Spring Boot, Jenkins
MuleSoft administration, configuration, and tuning
Participated and/or lead the coordination of MuleSoft releases
Has experience with popular cloud service providers or on-premises cloud tools
Understands hybrid-cloud topologies. Can integrate cloud and legacy on-premise environments
- Understands security and compliance for cloud environment

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $47.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

MuleSoft API Developer: 3 years (Required)
DataWeave: 3 years (Required)
Anypoint Platform: 3 years (Required)
Kafka: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Ruby Developer - Series A startup 
  
   If you are a Software Engineer with 3+ years of Ruby experience, we would love to speak with you!
   
 We are a 50-person startup in the education technology space who just closed a $10 million round of funding and we are looking to grow! We currently have 6 team members on our Engineering team and are looking to hire 2-3 more engineers who are strong with Ruby, Rails, and modern Javascript and/or Typescript! In these roles we can pay a base salary of $150-170K + significant equity and benefits. You will never be asked to work in an office, these roles are 100% remote permanently.
  
 What You Need for this Position

RUBY
Rails
JavaScript
TypeScript
REACT
AWS


    So, if you are a Ruby Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Michael Manbert
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Job Description: 
We are looking for an SAP Business Objects Sr. Developer/Engineer to help us transition data centers. You will be a hands-on developer/engineer responsible for ensuring that our Business Objects reporting capabilities continue to function as desired after its data sources transition to a new data center.
Major Responsibilities: 

Analyze and document the existing SAP BO environments (there 2 environments) to understand how they are integrated for reporting purposes.
Update existing SAP BO environments to point to corresponding data sources in new data center
Modify and optimize database queries as needed to improve performance degradation that could be introduced as part of the data center move
Facilitate testing of the SAP BO environments against the new data sources in the new data center
Work with project leader to identify roadblocks & challenges associated with moving data centers
Work with project leader and other team members to overcome roadblock & challenges associated with moving data centers
Support the cut-over period of the data center transition to ensure that SAP BO environments are working as designed post cut-over
Provide post cut-over support for a period to ensure that SAP BO reporting is working as desired
Troubleshoot and fix errors that may arise in SAP BO as part of the data center cut-over
Document final SAP BO architectures post data center cut-over

Contracted role
Not C2C
Requirements: 

Experience with SAP BusinessObjects (BO)
Experience with extracting, transforming, and loading data using BO Data Integrator
Experience with testing BO reports through a web front-end
Experience with Oracle SQL & PL/SQL and connecting to non-SAP databases to create the Universe
Experience with SAP BO Central Management Console and other SAP BO Administrative tools and concepts

Key Competencies: 

Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to solve problems diligently and independently
Excellent time management & ability to work in a remote environment

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $68.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

SAP BusinessObjects: 5 years (Preferred)
SQL: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Cerebral Staffing, LLC is seeking an Senior Software Developer to work for our direct client John Deere . This role is REMOTE
Skill Set Requirements:

Must have at least 5 years of experience working with Cloud computing, specifically with AWS.
Must have experience working with Big Data tools like Spark and Databricks
Experience with improving cost efficiency with cloud computing is preferred.

Job Description:-The primary function of this position is to work with the team who manages the big data platform to optimize cost efficiency
Cerebral Staffing offers health/vision/dental insurance, Paid Holiday/PTO short-time disability 
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $79.00 - $89.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote
We are looking for an Android Engineer to join our Digital team. You'll work with our design and engineering teams to plan, design, and develop our Android app.
The ideal candidate understands how to balance a desire for perfectionism with the need for pragmatism. You will integrate with and leverage our existing systems as you help build longer lasting and more scalable solutions from scratch.
What we will want you to do:
Design and develop new features for our Android app.
Work closely with Ruby on Rails engineers to design APIs for mobile app consumption.
Write automated tests and test infrastructure to support it.
Troubleshoot production issues and research solutions to customer feedback.
Keep up-to-date with Android design patterns.
 Skills or Experience we want you to have:
Experience developing native Android applications with Kotlin
Experience with building and consuming RESTful APIs
Experience applying material design guidelines and mobile interaction best practices to new feature designs.
Bonus points if you have:
Experience working in Financial Services industry
Experience working in a startup environment
Worked with a TDD workflow
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, a trusted name in lending for over 100 years. Since 2005 alone, we have looked beyond customers credit scores to lend more than $152 billion to 16.2 million people looking for simple, affordable loans.
With branches across 44 states, we're proud partners of the families and communities we serve. They turn to us to help meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills and auto purchases. It’s all about doing the right thing – a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-Remote

Location: Lombard, IL, USA 
   Virtual
  
Req Number: #138
  
 Paradigm is an accountable care management organization focused on improving the lives of people with complex and catastrophic injuries and diagnoses. We have been a pioneer in value-based care since 1991, offering deep clinical expertise, high-value specialty networks, behavioral health support, payment integrity solutions, and robust data analytics to generate the very best outcomes for patients, payers, and providers.Paradigm is headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, with offices across the U.S. For more information, please visit www.paradigmcorp.com. 
  

Job Title: Java Software Engineer

Location: 100% Remote


SUMMARY:Responsible for developing and designing front end and back end web architecture and applications, ensuring the responsiveness of applications and providing support for medium to large highly complex applications that require increased skill across multiple technical domains and disciplines, that have system wide impact and that integrate across the organization. Serves as individual contributor and point of contact for ongoing technical activities, while providing support for small and large highly complex projects. This position will be required to see out a project from conception to final product, requiring good organizational skills and attention to detail.
  

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:


 This role will work directly with solution and domain architects along with engineers to understand their technical system requirements.
 Receives some supervision and direction as regards prioritization of work but is competent to work independently.
 Independently designs and develops cost effective application and program solutions.
 Independently performs and assists other team members in providing ongoing system maintenance, research, and problem resolution and on-call support tasks for existing systems.
 Technical contributor for translation of business requirements to technical specifications and in the design of new applications and enhancements including integration of purchased solutions.
 Performs unit testing and assist with integration and system testing, according to detailed test plans to ensure high-quality systems.
 Understands the business and functional requirements that apply to the applications supporting a sub-domain or domain as well as their relevant interfaces.
 Recommends products that will evolve the organization's technical infrastructure.
 Responsible for Code Asset Management for an application or set of applications. Supports and promotes the reuse of assets across the organization.

 OTHER PRIORITES INCLUDE:


 Familiarity and compliant with the efficient utilization of the prescribed methodologies and ensures compliance for the work of all aligned resources.
 Responsible for complying with Paradigm IT security requirement and policies.
 Responsible for safeguarding Paradigm or Paradigm related IT passwords.
 Responsible for notifying Paradigm of any IT security incidents per policy 16.0 Information Security Incident Management.


 REQUIREMENTS:


 3+ years of enterprise software design Java (preferred), J2EE, and recent experience of designing and developing RESTful APIs
 Strong database SQL skills and experience in one of the relational databases like DB2, Oracle, or SQL Server. Knowledge of SQL tuning, or NoSQL DBs like Mongo, Cosmos is an added bonus.
 Experience with Git, build scripting (Maven)
 Experience or exposure to Microsoft Azure DevOps, Unit Testing & Test-Driven Development.
 Knowledge of micro services design patterns, MVC controller architecture is preferred.
 Experience using Kubernetes, Docker on a cloud-based platform is a plus, particularly having scaled containers across multiple Docker daemons is preferred.
 Experience using continuous deployment / continuous integration (CI / CD) technology.
 Exposure to Java Script frameworks (DOJO, jQuery, AngularJS, or React), HTML5, CSS
 Experience with Microsoft APIM, Identity management is an added bonus.
 Experience with agile development methodologies including Kanban and Scrum Experience.
 Being Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Associate; DevOps Engineer or Master Java Enterprise Architect or Kubernetes is an added bonus

 Non-technical
Requirements
:


 Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or Software Development/Engineering. 
Excellent interpersonal/written/verbal communication and listening skills necessary.
 Exhibit self-motivation for success in a fast-paced, dynamic and unstructured environment.
 Ability to adapt and be open to frequent changes in work environment and prioritization.
 Ability to manage multiple competing deadlines.

 PM19 
  
 Paradigm believes that fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace is central to our mission of helping more people and transforming lives. We're striving to build a culture that better reflects the society we live in, and empowers our team to deliver the highest levels of compassion and care to those we serve. For us, achieving this goal requires a workforce that respectfully embraces differences and commits to positive change, creating an environment where everyone is able to bring their whole self to work.
   PI177988189


Sr Engineer(JAVA/PHP)
Why Join UsOur media, technology and business platforms connect hundreds of millions of people around the world to the things they love. With apps and sites like Sports, Finance, Fantasy, Mail and more and a powerful, open platform that connects brands and publishers to passionate fans, we’re all about putting an exclamation point on what you’re into.
Primary Responsibilities: 
We are looking for a self-motivated, hands-on software engineer who loves sports. The engineer will be responsible for developing web services and other backend systems that will power Fantasy Sports and many parts of the clients network. Working in Sports is an adventure in delivering first class experiences across multiple devices at a scale you wont find anywhere else on the planet. Our continuous integration platform allows us to automatically test and release code several times a day. Its fun finishing a feature and seeing it live with millions of users an hour later.
Required Qualifications: 
· BS or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field
· 2-5 years’ experience in software development using Java, PHP, or Perl.
· Working knowledge and experience with Linux/UNIX.
· Good knowledge of OOP and software design patterns and where and when to use them.
· Strong skills in testing your own code using unit or functional tests.
· Ability to estimate, plan and execute work on time and with high quality.
· Passion for the Sports Industry and a passion for delivering products that our users simply cannot live without.
· Experience with MySQL (or another relational database) along with familiarity and knowledge of JSON RESTful web services is recommended.
Location Expectations: 
San Jose, California and Remote
15564
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $65.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you able to work on ektello's W2?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Java: 2 years (Required)
Linux/Unix: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 Actalent Engineering has a Fortune 500 Global Telecommunication client looking for a Sr. Backend Java Developer to join their Defense Orchestrator (CDO) team ( no clearance required) . In this role, you will develop new features and improvements for a dashboard that enables teams across Cisco to easily manage policy and configuration of their security group’s firewalls. 
 Required Experience and Skills 
 Experience developing with core Java, with a focus on scalability 
 Linux Experience (this team does not use windows) 
 Experience with Spring OR Hibernate Framework 
 API Development 
 Docker OR Kubernetes Experience 
 Experience with AWS 
 
Pay rage: $125K-$175K (Based on Experience) 
 Medical Benefits, PTO, and Paid Holidays 
 Fully Remote (EST Hours) 
 
Equipment Provided: MAC OS or PC 
 No C2C; W2 ONLY 
 #LD-KD1 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.


Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary


    The National Commercial Services (NCS) division is building out a best of breed application that will set the business apart for its competitors. The 
   Senior Back End Software Developer will participate in the design, development, coding, testing, debugging, and maintenance of software code for a web application that will serve our customers and employees. In this role, the developer will be responsible for contributing and delivering quality software while collaborating and supporting the team. You will work with business and technical staff to understand requirements and problems and develop specifications to resolve them. 
   

Essential Functions






 Design and build scalable enterprise web applications within .NET Core ecosystem
 Write lots of clean, readable, and reusable C# code
 Engage daily with your distributed, remote engineering team working on different layers of the infrastructure
 Collaborate with product designers and clients to clarify requirements, prototype functionality and build products
 Plan, estimate and prioritize work in a remote, distributed team environment
 Provides maintenance of developed software including regression testing and debugging.
 Formulates, defines and documents system scope and objectives for assigned projects.
 Formulate and define system scope and objectives through research and fact-finding to develop or modify internal business systems.
 Build test automation suites to ensure the quality of guest impacting products

 Knowledge & Skills/Technology Used

 5 + years of professional experience
 Strong server-side development experience utilizing .NET Technologies - emphasis on .NET Core
 Experience writing reusable libraries and clean, readable C# code
 Good understanding of CLR and its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds
 Strong hands-on experience using Git is required
 Previous professional experience with cloud providers
 Familiarity with continuous integration
 Experience working within an Agile/Scrum environment.
 Understanding of front-end concepts and technology (React, TypeScript)
 Unit testing experience
 Proficient in CI/CD and DevOps process
 Previous experience collaborating on highly distributed teams

 Other Qualities & Skills

 Quick starter within your area of expertise and steps up to challenges outside of it
 Thrives on collaborating with other team members and across disciplines
 Welcomes feedback and sees it as an opportunity for reflection and improvement
 Always learning - Whether you are learning to help your team to work through new concepts and technology
 You are astute, you know when to push an issue and when to let things lie
 You are friendly - you reach out to your teammates even if they aren’t on your project team
 You can work through ambiguity - you aren’t shy about asking questions to gain clarity


 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience



Open to this position being remote.


 #techreferral
 #dice
 #LI-DS1
 #TCORPIT





 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.



Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary

 At First American, your career growth and advancement is as important to us as it is to you. We are dedicated to assisting you with reaching your professional goals through internal promotion and transfer opportunities.  One of the tools the company makes available to you in managing your career, is First American’s Career Opportunity program. This program enables you to apply for any available positions either before or at the same time the position is advertised outside the company. Click here to read more about this program and ensure you meet the eligibility requirements.

 Company Summary
 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary
 We want an experienced software engineer who will take a technical leadership role in ensuring the quality of their squad’s technical output, both by directly contributing to the codebase and by collaborating directly with their team. Also ensure adherence to architecture standards, enforcing coding standards and guidelines.

 Responsibilities and Duties
 As a Technical Lead, you will work closely with the IT Application Manager, Architect, Product Manager and guide the team thru

 Design/ Re-Architect application in Azure and AWS platform line with Cloud Governance & Regulatory Compliance.
 Periodic review and addressing application and system vulnerabilities.
 Collaborate with internal Audit/InfoSec teams to ensure application meets all the mandated secure guidelines all the time.
 Design build & support a GIT/Jenkins-based CI/CD pipeline to enable automated deployment.
 Team coordination including design, development, and maintenance of software code.
 Performs Pull Requests, Code reviews for coding best practices and security requirements.
 Mentors team members as needed to help develop their skill sets.
 Collaborate with architect group in design sessions
 Be responsible for contributing to the actual codebase as an individual contributor
 Partner with Product Managers to produce delivery estimates and manage the transition from analysis through to design and delivery.
 Provide regular and effective progress updates to and work closely with management to communicate any delivery risks or issues.
 Coordinate production Releases
 Occasionally perform duties outside of normal work hours based on business needs


 Technology Stack

 An ideal candidate will have a demonstrable understanding and/or hands-on experience with most of the following technologies:

 7+ years of experience in Microsoft Work Loads Including Microsoft.NET (C#, .Net Framework, .Net Core) and SQL Server, including data modelling, indexing and basic performance considerations and writing stored procedures
 3+ years with .NET Core and thorough understanding of concepts such as dependency injection, asynchronous programming, RESTful APIs
 3+ years of experience in AWS Cloud: Gateway, EC2, ECS, Faregate using ECS, ECR, EC2 Container Service, S3, Elastic File System, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, RDS, Application Load Balancer, Docker, Step functions, SQS, Kinesis, SNS, EventHub, ElastiCache, Dynamo DB, CloudWatch, Secret Manager, VPC, Subnets, Security Groups, Transit gateways, Microservices
 3+ years of experience on Azure, ideally migrating on-prem applications to a cloud setting
 Strong understanding of unit testing and test-driven development. Should have prior experience in writing unit testcases using framework like Xunit.
 Prior experience in building CI/CD pipelines and working knowledge on terraform scripts.
 Experience working in GIT repository
 Experience working in a DevOps-focused environment previously with advanced understanding of DevOps principles as a big plus.
 Strong Agile experience working in Scrum and/or Kanban models.


 Qualifications and Skills

 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
 Proven leadership abilities.
 Constantly updating technical knowledge and skills and mentoring others to increase the skill level of the team
 Ability to convey technical and conceptual ideas/topics to non-technical personnel
 Good presentation skills
 Understanding of infrastructure design for complex enterprise level applications.
 Ability to communicate effectively with cross functional teams

 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience


 Typical Range of Experience

 7+ years of directly related experience
 Previous supervisory experience is must
 Experience working with distributed team is preferred


 *Remote candidates encouraged to apply*

 #LI-DS1
 #techreferral
 #TCORPIT

 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.



  Senior Drupal Engineer 
  
   -THIS POSITION IS 100% REMOTE-
   
 If you are a Senior PHP Engineer with Drupal experience, please read on!
   
 Since 2002, than 1,000 organizations, law firms, government agencies, and legal service providers use our products every day to solve their most important eDiscovery concerns. Our product suite is available as a standalone product or as part of a comprehensive and integrated solution, both hosted and on-premise, and delivers market-leading flexibility and performance. We are dedicated to the success of our clients, staff, and a global network of service partners, and we are built on values of great performance, continuous development, and excellent customer service.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Competitive compensation!
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k Matching
Unlimited PTO
 ...and more!
   What You Will Be Doing

Effective communication with other engineers, product management, quality assurance, and other departments is essential.
Own and manage small to medium-sized projects that get more sophisticated over time.
Unit, integration, and functional tests should be used to thoroughly test code.
Review your code, design, and architecture on a regular basis.
Create user interface wireframes that depict the layout and flow of a program.
Influence the technological strategy with your knowledge and experience.
Provide outstanding support to our support teams by responding quickly and aggressively to high-priority situations.

 What You Need for this Position

    At least 5 years' PHP development experience with a combination of the following
   


Drupal 7
JavaScript
C#.NET
AWS (Preferred)



    So, if you are a Senior PHP Engineer with Drupal experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Kevin Jones
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Senior Solutions Engineer - Enterprise, B2B, SaaS, Mobile 
  
   If you are a Solutions Engineer with experience, please read on!
   
 Based in NYC and remotely in the US, we are a booming software tech company whose mission is to increase mobile commerce revenue and user engagement for its enterprise-level clients. We are experiencing amazing growth and was just named a Best Place to Work in NYC, across all company sizes! We are so excited about where we are heading next and we have created a Partner Engineering team that this candidate will eventually lead and grow. We are about 60-70 employees currently and raised Series C a couple years back. This is a highly visible role as we continue to grow and is 100% REMOTE in the US.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Be the subject matter expert on our technology to the outside world.
Ensure the ongoing quality, stability, and accuracy of integrations with our products.
Develop solutions to expand our marketplace, by writing code & making configuration changes on top of the frameworks developed by our engineering teams.
 - Partner with our product teams to execute go-to-market strategies for new products - distilling market feedback into actionable product improvements.
  

Improve our tools and contribute to road mapped product improvements to enable more efficient integrations.
Can go deep anywhere in the stack to debug complex systems & identify issues.
Have the ability to move fast & make decisions with a pragmatic approach to any problem.

 What You Need for this Position

    5+ years experience of the following: 
   


Customer-facing solutions architecture
B2B SaaS startup
Enterprise customers
Technical Integrations & Delivery
Data flow & Architecture
Building technical solutions for product adoption



At least 30% hands-on coding in current role 
Python, Go, or Node
APIs
Interface with Product / Engineering / Revenue
Adoption of SaaS/Mobile products
Bachelor's degree in CS or related degree


 What's In It for You

    - Competitive base salary: $140,000 - $190,000 base DOE - depends on level of experience 
   

Bonus and/or Equity potential 
Unlimited PTO
100% Medical, Dental and vision Insurance
401k (+ company match)
+ many more perks!!



    So, if you are a Solutions Architect with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Katy Bruce
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
JOB TITLE: Principal Software Engineer
LOCATION: Portland, OR or Remote
DURATION: Direct Hire

SUMMARY: The Principal Software Engineer is responsible for driving the success of major software intiatives across our organization on a tactical level. As the most skilled programmers in the organization, they are able to quickly support an existing team's Agile process to greatly impact velocity on mission critical features. The Principal Engineer also works across many teams to offer unparalleled mentoring and training for engineers in the creation of high quality applications that adhere to our organizational standards. They give engineers the tools and guidance they need to design and implement high quality software systems, and work to grow the overall strength of our organization.

The Principal Software Engineer reports to the Head of Engineering

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with other members of the Software Architecture team to craft and realize the vision of our technical roadmap
Quickly add velocity to mission critical feature development across many teams in a healthy, sustainable way
Champion a high standard of excellence in code quality and application architecture across our organization
Provide excellent mentorship and training to accelerate the growth of engineers
Represent the engineering organization across the company, and act as an ambassador to the overall tech community
Coordinate with team members in Engineering Leadership to help develop the organization's holistic approach to software development and engineer growth
Work with members of the Product, Design, and Delivery organizations to reduce friction and improve outcomes

QUALIFICATIONS:
8+ years-experience shipping and supporting high-scale, high-performance web applications in a cloud environment
Storied experience with container-driven development environments
Mastery in HTTP, web application architecture, scalability, performance optimization, reliability, deployment, monitoring, security
Mastery in a few of our core family of technologies like Javascript (React), Typescript, Kotlin, Java, Springboot, Docker, Azure

IND123
 ServiceNow Developer 
 100% remote 
 
 W2 eligible candidates only. No C2C available. 
 
 5+ years of exp as a ServiceNow Dev 
 
 Scrum/Agile exp is required 
 Virtual Agents is big 
 coding in ServiceNow 
 next 90 days will be implementation of virtual agents 
 will have a big AI component in this space 
 
 Consultant should be able to demonstrate general knowledge of fundamental ServiceNow development and administration concepts such as, but not limited to, client and server scripting, permissions management, creation and modification of custom tables, and so on. 
 


Ability to perform ServiceNow platform development using ServiceNow APIs, ServiceNow Workflows, UI Pages, UI Macros, Business Scripts, Client Scripts, UI Scripts, UI Actions, UI Policies, Script Includes and Security Rules.
Experience in Service Portal, Content Management System (CMS) on widgets, Sites and Layouts using UI Macros, Navigation Menus, UI Pages, UI Scripts and Jelly Scripting.
Data importing and Transform Maps
Using Update Sets (including batched) to capture and promote changes between environments.
Experience with Discovery and CMDB Implementation.
Experience in integrating ServiceNow with third-party software using REST/SOAP including scripted web services, MID servers.
Strong experience in building custom scoped applications in ServiceNow

Experience with the following is a plus, but not required:


Experience with ServiceNow's ITOM (CMDB, Discovery, Event Management, Cloud Management, Hardware Asset Management) implementations.
ServiceNow's Common Service Model and Service Mapping techniques

Qualifications:


Undergraduate degree in computer science, information technology, or any engineering field, or equivalent experience
5+ years’ experience in ServiceNow Development.
ITIL v4/v4 certification a plus
ServiceNow Certified Administrator/Developer
Strong organizational skills and the ability to multitask; sets priorities and follows a timeline
 About Matlen Silver 
 Experience Matters. Let your experience be driven by our experience. For more than 40 years, Matlen Silver has delivered solutions for complex talent and technology needs to Fortune 500 companies and industry leaders. Led by hard work, honesty, and a trusted team of experts, we can say that Matlen Silver technology has created a solutions experience and legacy of success that is the difference in the way the world works. 
 
 Matlen Silver is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers all applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, the presence of a non-job-related medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

**Federal Projects - Applicant must be a United States Citizen with the ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance**The Baer Group is looking for Backend Developer for a 9+ month Federal Remote Project.Title:  Backend DeveloperLocation:  Remote (Must be based in US)Duration:  9 monthsRate:  All-InclusiveDescription: 

Enables full stack solutions through multi-disciplinary team planning and ecosystem integration to accelerate delivery and drive quality across the application lifecycle.
Performs continuous testing for security, API, and regression suite.
Creates automation strategy, automated scripts and supports data and environment configuration.
Participates in code reviews, monitors, and reports defects to support continuous improvement activities for the end-to-end testing process.

Requirements: 

5+ years of Oracle – SQL & PL/SQL
Testing Process and Quality Improvement
SQL (Structured Query Language)
Java Preferred
Spring Batch Framework Preferred
Oracle Performance Tuning Preferred
Bachelor’s Degree

Public trust security clearance is the lowest level of additional background screening that the federal government requires for applicants of certain jobs, which includes completing a Standard Form 85 (SF85) form.Company Overview: 
The Baer Group is an Enterprise Technology Consulting firm providing job opportunities with several 1st Tier Global Systems Integrators and a wide array of Fortune 1000 clients. Consultants and Employees of TBG enjoy access to the highest profile job opportunities across leading Enterprise Technology Solutions ranging from Digital Transformation programs utilizing the latest technologies from SAP and Oracle to a wide range of emerging Cloud based infrastructure, application and AI related solutions.
The Baer Group prides itself on our ability to work directly with key stakeholders to create the most optimized service experience possible for our consultants and our clients. TBG’s job requirements are carefully vetted and are typically associated with mission critical programs offering tremendous opportunities to expand your skills leveraging the latest solutions. TBG focuses on representing jobs that provide streamlined response to our proposed candidates and a best in class engagement experience.The Baer Group is an equal opportunity employer including disability/veteran.
Job Type: Contract

Do you like writing mean and clean Ruby code? Come join our team and help us build amazing things. We’re looking for someone with a passion for programming and for writing beautiful code. You will join a team of exceptional developers working in a fast-paced environment to deliver world-class software.
Responsibilities

Develop scalable, robust, and simple web-based solutions to solve complex business problems.
Formulate, implement, and evaluate algorithms and database queries to support SaaS scalability and stability.
Implement new features and optimize existing ones to drive maximum performance.
Use test-driven development, code reviews, and continuous integration to deliver high-quality software, and rapidly fix bugs as they come up.
Work closely with, and incorporate feedback from other engineering team members, QA, and product owners
Leverage agile practices in start-up mode, encourage collaboration, prioritization, and urgency to develop at a rapid paceResearch, share and recommend new technologies and trends

Skills

Bachelors, Masters, or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related technical discipline
Extensive hands-on work experience developing web-based applications, preferably in a SaaS environment
Proven experience working across all levels of the development stack
Mastery experience with some areas of our tech like Ruby on Rails, React, AWS, SOA
Strong familiarity with Agile software development processes: Scrum or Kanban
Strong familiarity with Test-Driven-Development
Creativity, ability to solve complex problems without a roadmap
You love learning about new technologies, but understand the value of continuing to use something old if it still does everything you need it to do
You care about the long-term maintainability of the codebase and will learn to advocate for refactoring and clean-ups where appropriate
You care about work-life balance and want your company to care about it too; you'll put in the extra hour when needed but won't let it become a habit

About Seneca Resources: 
Seneca Resources is a client driven provider of strategic Information Technology consulting services and Workforce Solutions to government and industry. Seneca Resources is a leading IT services provider with offices in Virginia, Alabama, Georgia, Florida and Texas that service clients throughout the United States.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and value the benefits of diversity in our workplace.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $180,000.00 - $200,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Ruby on Rails: 5 years (Required)
React: 5 years (Required)
Python: 3 years (Required)
AWS: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Imagine a world where you could detect health issues sooner to treat them more effectively. Where food and water are always safe, even in remote corners of the earth. And where scientific and medical research are enhanced to solve the greatest challenges of our times. At PerkinElmer, we imagine this world every day. Then, we innovate and collaborate to make it happen everywhere.

Our dedicated team of about 16,000 employees worldwide, pioneers scientific technologies for better detection, imaging, and informatics to help our customers work to create healthier families, improve the quality of life, and sustain the well-being and longevity of people globally.
If you are seeking a meaningful, impactful, and stimulating career, look no further.

PerkinElmer is a manufacturer of scientific instruments, reagents, and software to drive innovations in human and environmental health around the world. We are looking for a talented Senior Back End Development Engineer (Java/Scala) to join our Informatics team, building a product we call the Signals Data Factory. The Signals Data Factory is a product which specializes in taking in many different forms of scientific data, transforming it (using Apache Spark), and making it searchable (using Elasticsearch) and analyzable via a variety of interfaces. Its current use spans from early in the drug-discovery process to analyzing active clinical trial data. If you are looking to join a team of talented engineers and to contribute to delivering amazing, high impact, customer-focused features, this is a great opportunity.

You Will:
Create secure, performant interfaces and services

Work on a medium to large data transformation engine

Work with AWS services and cloud technologies

Collaborate with fellow team members on priorities, specifications, and feature implementation

Craft well-documented, reusable, and testable code.

Work on a system capable of processing petabytes of data

Build and maintain new, high impact functionality into the Signals Data Factory

Basic Qualifications:
5+ years development experience

Experience with Java and Scala

Experience with building APIs in Node.js and Spring Framework

Experience with cloud-hosting at one of the top-3 providers

Strongly driven – ability to clarify requirements and deliver code in a highly distributed and fast-moving environment

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree is preferred

Some experience with Spark and/or Elasticsearch - most desired

Kafka experience is desired

Some experience with job scheduling workflows

A good understanding of git workflows

Kubernetes, Rancher & Docker

Mocha/Sinon
​
#LI-TE

  FULLY REMOTE - Senior Engineering Manager - Golang, React.js 
  
   If you are a FULLY REMOTE - Senior Engineering Manager - Golang, React.js with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Lead team of engineers (consultants and/or employees) in maintaining and enhancing our software products
Lead and manage the product support engineering team, including maintenance, security fixes and reports, related DevOps, and issue resolution
Effectively set and manage expectations with engineering, senior management, and external stakeholders
Participate in strong engineering process through code and architectural review
Participate in design sessions and code reviews that elevate the quality of engineering across the organization

 What You Need for this Position

Golang
Engineering Manager
REACT
SQL
TypeScript
Docker
Azure
Python
Tableau

 What's In It for You

Competitive compensation
 - Health insurance - medical, dental, life and vision
  

401k employer matching contributions
Paid time off
State-of-the-art office space
Extensive job training
Positive work environment that fosters on-going professional growth.


    So, if you are a FULLY REMOTE - Senior Engineering Manager - Golang, React.js with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Justin Sandy
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Title: JavaScript Engineer
 Why is this position open? Growth
 Pay/Salary/Benefits/Perks: $85k-$100k,10% annual bonus paid out quarterly, 100% paid medical for employee including free Teledoc access, unlimited PTO, student loan repayment, 401(k) 100% company match up to 6% match, Quarterly bonus plan, Referral Bonuses, great office culture
 Work from Home Policy: Remote
 Work Environment/culture and Dress Code: Super laid back. This is a culture first company.
 Skills Required: 2 years or more experience with JavaScript Frameworks preferably Vue or React. We value your approach whether you want to work across our entire application stack or specialize in bringing deep technical knowledge to one area.
 Best Personality Match for this Role: high level of personal initiative/growth mindset, collaborative, team focused
 Job Description:
 As a JavaScript Engineer, you should bring a passion for continuous learning and applying new acquired skills to the overall product. We hope you find delight in solving problems, pay close attention to detail, and believe in the value of automation. As an integral part of a fast-growing organization, your fingerprint will be on what we do and how we do it.
 WHAT YOU'LL BE DOING:

A combination of team-based initiatives and single-developer UI projects, all with the intent of driving our product forward.
Build high quality, maintainable, and well tested code across our entire application, but with a focus on front end development. We value your approach whether you want to work across our entire application stack or specialize in bringing deep technical knowledge to one area.
Comfort with integrating third party applications into our applications with rapid-iteration changes to support testing.
Apply common patterns to solve UI-centric problems, with a focus on customer value and user experience.
Bringing collaboration, respect, humility, and empathy to your team to both mentor and succeed with other engineers.

 WHAT YOU'LL BRING WITH YOU:

2+ years of professional software engineering experience with a focus on UI development
Hunger and excitement to pick up new technologies
Experience with Agile methodology.




  Web Developer 
  
   If you are a SASS/JS Web Developer with experience, please read on!
   
 Based in greater Boston, we are a technology-driven B2B digital agency. Our team is small but mighty and we have members all over the US. Due to growth, we are looking to bring on a talented Frontend Web Developer to work remotely for us. We are a client-facing agency who works with clients of various verticals to help optimize their websites and digital transformation. Apply today and come join our team!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    -This role can be based anywhere in the United States. If you are close to Boston, great! But not required.-
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    Ideally the candidate will have extensive experience with WordPress or other CMS / eCommerce platforms such as Drupal, Shopify, etc. as you may also integrate your front-end code into these systems. You will work closely with our full stack and back end team to assure pixel perfect display.
   
 This is an opportunity for a strong mid-level developer to come in and excel. Were looking for a talented Web Developer who knows how to balance a passion for logic and problem solving with a detail oriented eye for design to join this growing team.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    3-5+ years of experience in the following: 
   
 - Front end web development - SASS / JavaScript 
   

Experience with PHP, MySQL, WordPress, Drupal and other CMS platforms
An ability to structure fast and clean CSS, HTML, JavaScript
Strong knowledge of build systems and GitHub
Experience with SASS, Responsive websites and template driven web site development



A motivated individual who works well with in teams with a desire to drive projects
Work seamlessly with Designers, Project Managers, and business stakeholders to translate designs/wireframes into frontend code
Understanding optimization best practices with regard to frontend web standards, code maintainability, page rendering, and browser performance
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and a good sense of humor


 What's In It for You

    For your hard work and dedication, you will be rewarded with a competitive base salary, and benefits including:
   


Base Salary: up to 95K
Vacation/PTO
Medical
401k



    So, if you are a SASS/JS Web Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Joseph Cook
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel)Location: United StatesSalary: $120,000 + BenefitsBenefits: Medical/Dental/Vision, 401k, Holidays, PTOJob Type: Full-TimeStart Date: ASAPSponsorship not available
[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel)
Our client in the information technology industry is looking for a [Remote] Senior Linux OS Engineer to add to their growing team in the United States. You will be responsible for developing operating systems, providing support for existing products, and introducing new technologies/products as part of an established and innovative team. Our client needs an individual with at least 8 years of experience in the Linux kernel, successful with asynchronous and parallel programming, and familiar with open-source communities. To succeed in this role, you should also have written device drivers or developed in relevant Linux kernelsubsystems (virtual memory management, scheduler, filesystems, network stack). If you are looking for an opportunity to be part of developing next-generation products, where your contributions are recognized both inside and outside of the company, this could be a great fit for you.
[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel) Responsibilities

Design and develop code inside Linux (C language)
Provide remote support for users (diagnosis and debugging)
Maintain connections with open-source communities
Deliver status reports for projects in process
Collaborate with internal OS team

[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel) Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science required
8+ years of UNIX / Linux OS experience required
5+ years of development in Linux subsystems required
Experience with version control, source code management, and project-tracking software required
Strong understanding of sharing protocols required

About #twiceasnice Recruiting
Across industries, roles, and North America, we help clients quickly attract top talent with custom-built searches. With the lowest fee in the industry, the longest guarantee, and commission-free senior recruiters - we align our interests with the long-term success of every placement.
Need recruiting help? www.twonice.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Application Question(s):

Can you program with C language?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

UNIX / Linux OS: 8 years (Required)
software development: 5 years (Required)
version control: 1 year (Required)
sharing protocol: 1 year (Required)
FreeBSD: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations

Overview: Mutual of Enumclaw was founded in 1898 by local farmers who wanted to look out for each other. That spirit continues to define our company culture. Our employees are proud of our thoughtful approach to insurance, and it shows. In November 2021, for the tenth year in a row, we were recognized as one of Washington’s 100 Best Companies to Work For by Seattle Business magazine (based on a survey of our employees).
_Mutual of Enumclaw works exclusively with local independent agents to offer insurance products for individuals, families, farms, and businesses. We currently operate in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Arizona, Montana and Wyoming._
*We’re looking for a talented senior level software engineer, with experience in a variety of programming languages and a passion for cloud technologies to join our team. The successful candidate will work closely with the team, practice excellent teamwork with peers, learn quickly, and collaborate well in an Agile setting. This role will focus on building features in our Agent and Member customer facing Portals as well as our Agent quoting platforms and will require expert skills in architecting, building, and implementing changes that fit an ecosystem that drives positive business decisions.*
*This position will be remote and/or located at our Home Office in Enumclaw, WA.*
_Benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, cash balance and 401(k) plans with company match; life insurance; employee discount on personal insurance; wellness reimbursement program; paid parental leave and an annual bonus plan._
Responsibilities: Ensure the success of the team by fulfilling these duties: 

Contribute in a way that exemplifies the core beliefs and behaviors of our technology team:
We believe that success and growth depend on our ability to be Agile and execute quickly and efficiently.
We believe in a “fail-fast” culture that fosters innovation and experimentation.
We believe in a data-driven, “go see” approach to knowing our members, agents, and internal partners.
We believe in differentiating ourselves by aggressively pursuing technology that gives us a competitive advantage, and working with partners that share that belief.
We believe in cross-department teams that are bound together by the needs they serve rather than the department to which they belong.
We believe in personal ownership, accountability, and growth.
Architect new systems using cloud technologies.
Bring positive innovative ideas that lead to innovative solutions rather than a lift-and-shift mentality.
Provide training and mentorship to other team members.
Ability to effectively share engineering best practices and stay abreast of changes with cloud technologies.
Employ effective deployment strategies that minimize downtime with a focus on an agile continuous development flow.
Understand the strategic goals of the team and company and work with the Product Owner and business partners to ensure success.
Strive for high quality and rapid output through the use of best practices and collaborative sessions (code reviews, white boarding, etc.).

Qualifications:

10+ years of experience in software systems, programming, database, and infrastructure development and administration.
Minimum 5 years demonstrated experience with full stack development.
Extensive experience and fluency with a variety of programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, JavaScript.
Demonstrated experience with AWS cloud programming languages like TypeScript, Node JS, Angular 11 and higher.
Working knowledge of AWS Serverless architecture.
Working knowledge of AWS Lambda, SNS/SQS, S3, IAM, CloudWatch, EC2, RDS and DynamoDB, AWS CLI.
Experience with security frameworks including but not limited to: Auth0, OpenID, Amazon Cognito.
Fluency with CI/CD toolsets.
Working knowledge of distributed architectural design patterns.

Location: 1460 Wells St., Enumclaw, WA 98022
Job Type: Full-time
Work Location: Remote

 Job Profile 
 
 Position Overview 
 
 At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success. As a Software Developer Lead within PNC's organization, you will be based remotely. 
 
 Job Description 
 
 As an FTE Software Developer Lead, you will be working across multiple applications leveraging different technologies. For the front-end aspects of this role, you should have experience with Angular (10+) and some of its more advanced features such as state management, creating libraries, rxjs, reactive forms, content projection, and have a grasp of how to operate the application within ElectronJS. 
 
 Should also be able to work with leadership, and business users, to generate user stories and UI mock-ups. For the back-end aspects of this role, you should have experience with Microsoft SQL along with .NET Core and some advanced topics such as spool management and Entity Framework. 
 Creates and leads the technical design and development of software solutions. 
 Proposes & designs software solutions to address complex business needs. Prepares technical and procedural documentation required. 
 Facilitates complex problem resolution. 
 Provides technical guidance and support to colleagues. Reviews coding, testing, and documentation of software. 
 Applies modern principles, methodologies and tools to advance business initiatives and capabilities. 
 
 PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be: 
 Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. 
 Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework. 
 
 Competencies 
 
 Application Delivery Process – Knowledge of major tasks, deliverables, and formal application delivery methodologies; ability to utilize these in order to deliver new or enhanced applications. 
 
 Application Design, Architecture – Knowledge of application design activities, tools and techniques; ability to utilize these to convert business requirements and logical models into a technical application design. 
 
 Application Development Tools – Knowledge of and ability to utilize a variety of specific tools and toolkits for the development and support of applications. 
 
 Application Testing – Knowledge of application testing and ability to design, plan and execute application testing strategies and tactics to ensure software quality throughout all stages of application development. 
 
 Packaged Application Integration – Knowledge of and the ability to implement packaged application software and integrate it with company applications, databases and technology platforms. 
 
 System Development Life Cycle – Knowledge of project management techniques and the ability to plan, design, develop, test, implement and maintain system development life cycle segments and phases. 
 
 Technical Troubleshooting – Knowledge of technical troubleshooting approaches, tools and techniques, and the ability to anticipate, recognize, and resolve technical (hardware, software, application or operational) problems. 
 
 Work Experience 
 
 Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 3+ years of relevant / direct industry experience. Certifications are often desired. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. 
 
 Education 
 
 Bachelors 
 
 Additional Job Description 
 
 Benefits 
 PNC offers employees a comprehensive range of benefits to help meet your needs now and in the future. Depending on your eligibility, options for full-time employees include medical/prescription drug coverage (with a Health Savings Account feature); dental and vision options; employee and spouse/child life insurance; short- and long-term disability protection; maternity and parental leave; paid holidays, vacation days and occasional absence time; 401(k), pension and stock purchase plans; dependent care reimbursement account; back-up child/elder care; adoption assistance; educational assistance and a robust wellness program with financial incentives. To learn more about these and other programs, including benefits for part-time employees, visit pncbenefits.com > New to PNC. 
 

Disability Accommodations Statement:
 The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 
 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com. 
 
 The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET. 
 

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):
 PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law. 
 
 California Residents 
 
 Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.

Career Opportunity – Senior Statistical Programmer with Firma Clinical Research - Remote 
Are you an experienced Programmer with the ability to write SAS programs or macros? Do you enjoy creating Case Report Forms (CRF’s) and clinical databases? Does having more visibility and less red tape appeal to you? If so, we want to speak with you about our position!
Firma Clinical Research is a clinical research organization offering global in-home clinical trial studies. We make clinical trial participation possible for patients who otherwise may not have the option. We are looking to add a Senior Statistical Programmer to our team!
Fully Remote Position
The Senior Statistical Programmer will lead the statistical programming activities in coordination with others for clinical studies. The primary responsibilities will include:

Lead statistical programming activities to support the clinical studies while providing guidance to less experienced programmers.
Write SAS programs or macros for the data management activities including edit checks.
Follow CDISC-compliance guidelines to write SAS programs or macros to generate SDTM and ADaM datasets and create SDTM and ADaM specifications.
Create SAS programs or macros to perform the statistical analysis of clinical study data based on the Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) including tables, figures, and listings.
Follow SAP to create output mock-up documents.
Through experiential learning, gain proficiency to demonstrate solid understanding of regulatory guidance and statistical methodology as applied to clinical studies in pharmaceutical development.

The ideal candidate will have:

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or related fields, or equivalent experience defined as a minimum of 6 years related, combined experience in employment, education, knowledge, and skills.
Experience in the field of oncology is preferred.
Minimum 4 years’ clinical trials experience and statistical coursework is preferred.
Minimum 3 years’ experience in SAS programming required combined with other statistical software packages.

This is an exciting opportunity to join a professional and impactful clinical research organization. Come join us! Apply online today.
Employer is EEO/M/F/D/V. Please no third-party candidates or phone calls.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Purpose of Job We are currently seeking a talented Software Engineer Mid-Level for our San Antonio, Texas, Plano, Texas locations or working remotely.

USAA values a culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused results. The actual onsite days are resolved between each employee and the employee’s manager. This position may also be remote.

In this position, a Mid-Level Software Engineer provides support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

USAA Java Software Engineers create and maintain APIs for our business software applications that our members use. Done well, many may never realize or appreciate how critical these APIs are or how we've made them simpler. Faster. Safer. Yet they help make our members' lives better. It's a great challenge and responsibility.

Here, you will invent. You'll design and test. You'll take risks. You'll create new technology, but the impact you'll make on our members will be far more significant.

As a Java Engineer, you'll work in a fast-paced environment driving innovation through rapid prototyping and iterative development ensuring quality is built into all solutions using Test Driven Development (TDD). Your responsibilities will require you to be knowledgeable in API development. You'll be a part of a team of developers guiding on engineering and architecture standard methodologies as well as demonstrate the ability to partner and engage with other engineers and architects. You will work closely with business clients and UI designers to analyze user requirements, code applications and customize and/or integrate commercial software packages for both internal employees and external member-facing applications across multiple platforms.

Job Requirements
About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT

Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Primary Responsibilities:
Identifies and handles existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.

Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.

Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.

Design, develop, code, and test sophisticated technical solutions.

Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues through troubleshooting techniques.

Continually improves operations by conducting complex systems analysis and recommending changes in policies and procedures.

Prepares and installs complex solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.

Follows the software development lifecycle.

Mentors’ junior engineers and may being mentoring peer engineers; Review teammates’ code.

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree OR approved certification from CodeUp, Galvenize, VetFIT (Veterans for IT) or eFIT (Employees for IT)

4 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s)

2 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.

Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL

Developing level of business acumen in the areas of business operations, risk management, industry practices and emerging trends.

Experience supporting efforts to address production issues through troubleshooting applications and systems.

Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions

Preferred Experience:
2+ years in REST frameworks with focus on API development

2+ years in AGILE methodology

2+ years experience integrating with backend services such as JMS, J2C, ORM frameworks (Hibernate, JPA, JDO, etc), JDBC.

Experience with event driven frameworks such as Kafka, RabbitMQ, or IBM MQ

Experience building APIs with Spring Boot

Working experience with Gradle, GIT, GitHub, GitLab, etc. around continuous integration and continuous delivery infrastructure

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective process for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this position is: $88,200 - $158,900.

Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.


Geographical Differential : Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium will be addressed on an individual basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.

Please click on the link below for more details.

USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.
 Equivalent Experience 
 

TEKsystems is looking for a strong developer WITH SOLR experience. This is a very long term, remote role working on a collaborative environment. 
Top Skills Details:
 Java, J2EE, Spring, MVC, solr, relevancy, tokenizer or analyzer
 Responsibilities:
 . work to help modernize their Solr search platform. 

Member of an Agile development team
Participate in release and iteration planning meetings with engineers and users
Employ organizational design patterns to develop application logic

 Experience Required:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related area
10 years of Java programming (Java Certification a plus). Prior experience working in a large eCommerce application is preferred
Essential experience with the following technologies / framework: Java, J2EE, Ruby on Rails, RDBS, NoSQL, Lucene, SOLR

 . Experience writing Java applications using SolrJ for indexing content.

10 years development experience and 7+ years IT industry experience Experience working in applications or IT operations.
Knowledge of an agile team environment and process. 
Knowledge of version control tools like GIT or Subversion is preferred

 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

Our client launched 10 years ago in Austin, TX and has helped over 7 million people. They're changing the way people connect to social care programs. They make it easy to find food, health, housing, and employment programs in seconds. They're powered by tech, driven to do good, and looking for passionate people. Their mission is to connect all people in need and the programs that serve them (with dignity and ease).

As they continue to grow, they are looking to add a talented Site Reliability Engineer to join a highly motivated and passionate team focused on building and fostering good engineering practices and processes. This company has offices in Austin, TX and Denver, CO and allows options for remote, hybrid or in-office working conditions.

What You Get to Go Do with this fast growing Technology company
Help grow and establish the direction of the SRE team.
Mentor other engineers in best practices for measuring performance.
Establish SLOs and build processes to hold teams accountable for meeting them.
What You NEED to SUCCEED in this challenging role
A seasoned veteran of the IT industry with cloud experience to build resilient systems.
Sufficiently experienced to identify “good enough” metrics in a legacy code base and new code.
5+ years of relevant SRE, DevOps, Systems Engineering or Infrastructure Engineering experience
Ability to manage a Kubernetes cluster, preference running on GKE.
Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code tools and processes.
Instrumentation experience for monitoring and logging the health and availability of services.
Knowledge of scripting/coding with Python.
Skilled in writing comprehensive documentation.
What's in it for YOU?

Be a part of a great company with strong ties social values
Get involved early to build something great with stock options
Excellent salary range and comprehensive benefits package w/ 401K, competitive PTO, paid maternity/paternity leave, Health, dental, and vision insurance
Free food, on-site gym, and Pet-friendly office with attached dog park
24/7 access to telemedicine and counseling with unconscious bias training for every team member
INDSJ
 This Software Engineering - Core Java - Basic Position Features: 
 

Partly Remote
Competitive Pay
Great Company
Great Pay to $69K
 Immediate need for software engineering - core Java - basic seeking partly remote, competitive pay and great company. Proficient, driven and experienced will be keys to success in this Fortune 500 organization. Will be responsible for Java development, agile and software engineer for Banking and Consumer Lending company. Great benefits. Apply for this great position as a software engineering - core Java - basic today! AllSTEM Connections is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Pursuant to applicable state and municipal Fair Chance Laws and Ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
 
 0-1 years
A career in our Master Limited Partnerships Technology practice, within Tax services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients meet and manage their tax obligations across unique but ever changing tax specialties. You’ll advise clients on their local and overseas tax affairs, while acting as a strategic consultant related to business analysis, managing indirect taxes, dispute resolution, and global enterprise tax solutions.

Our team helps organisations with Tax reporting for large or complex partnership structures. You’ll be part of team that is organised into three core functional areas: tax team, client team, and technology team. Both the client and tax teams directly leverage their subject matter expertise against a variety of custom applications to deliver a high level of value to our clients.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner.
Share and collaborate effectively with others.
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise.
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Follow risk management and compliance procedures.
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism.
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce.
Build and maintain an internal and external network.
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
We’re leading the way as technology-enabled tax advisors who provide value through digitization, automation and increased efficiencies - all made possible by equipping our professionals to succeed in a world where transactions are faster, more complicated and require a deeper level of sophistication. PwC Tax provides unparalleled technical knowledge and specialization and industry insights, coupled with the One Firm knowledge that brings everything PwC offers to solve our clients’ needs

Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Required Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Computer and Information Science

Minimum Years of Experience:
1 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Certification(s) Preferred:
MCPD, MCTS, and/or MCSD

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in any of the following programming tools: ASP.NET, C#, MS SQL Server, .NET framework, SQL, Database Design, HTML, XML, Visual Studio, Azure Dev Ops, Git. Fundamental knowledge with a variety of data structures and algorithms related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrated awareness of advanced programming concepts and object-oriented design patterns related to the application development lifecycle, including the analysis of business requirements, evaluation of design patterns, and system enhancements coding. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success working in, on-call environments.
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success to interact effectively in a team environment, yet also function well with independent responsibilities. Proven ability to conduct thorough and detailed research pertinent to client, industry-related, and technical matters related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in client service orientation-the proven ability to build client relationships, surface and identify problems and develop creative solutions.
As a tax technical professional, experience researching business and industry trends to develop a point of view to leverage in assisting with proposals.

Exposure with automation & digitization in a professional services environment including but not limited to: - innovating through new and existing technologies, along with experimenting with digitization solutions;
working with large, complex data sets to build models and leverage data visualization tools.
We are transforming the way we deliver tax services. Find out more about what we do on our Tax Career Page at pwc.to/whatwedotax
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradotaxassociate.

#LI-Remote
ECCO Select is a talent acquisition and advisory consulting company, specializing in providing people, process, and technology solutions for our clients’ needs. We’re the talent behind the technology. To find out more about ECCO Select visit our website: www.eccoselect.com
Position Title: Front-End Drupal Developer
Job Description: 

As a Front-End Drupal Developer on our marketing operations team, you will help us to grow and prosper with your hands-on experiences in managing a corporate website in a B2B environment. We’re looking for someone who not only writes smart code but is always looking for smart ways to quickly implement MVPs in line with the designs and business objectives in order to deliver exemplary user experiences.
As a part of our core internal team, you will actively support backlog grooming and sprint planning using knowledge of the business to identify relationships between tasks and projects to help scope and prioritize tickets in the pipeline. You will make application design decisions that are user-focused and consistent with architectural principles in place within our organization. You will develop solutions that conform to our coding standards while following approved style guides.
Further, you will be responsible for augmentation and maintaining, tests, and driving QA. We need you to provide consistent and appropriate feedback to help to make sure the solution meets the requirements of a given sprint. You may develop user documentation and training materials, in business language, provide user training for the applications as needed, and will ensure that DevOps processes and artifacts are up to date and can support the team development pipeline throughout the collaborative and global development process.

Preferred Qualifications: 

5+ years of Drupal experience within a dedicated corporate website development team
3+ years of experience working in a growing global organization, collaborating across time zones
Deep knowledge of Drupal 8/9
Proficient in the maintenance and administration of Drupal modules and sites
Writing clean, maintainable code
Experience developing inclusive design best practices, up to and beyond meeting WCAG standards
Experience in building Drupal sites using core and contributed Drupal modules as well as creating custom Drupal modules as needed
Experience developing custom Drupal themes
Knowledge of React, HTML5, CSS/SASS, and JavaScript
Experience using source control
Exceptional communication, problem-solving, and time management skills
Ability to work independently to get things done without being micromanaged
Ability to work fast with attention to detail within a fast-paced work environment
Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, Vue)
Experience with Ajax and using REST APIs
Familiarity with decoupled Drupal concepts
Familiarity with Agile development practices and common Agile tools
Have an Acquia Front-End Developer certification

ECCO Select is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. Our policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Veterans of our United States Uniformed Services are specifically encouraged to apply for ECCO Select opportunities.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law
This Organization Participates in E-Verify
Job Type: Contract
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Front-end development: 1 year (Preferred)
CSS: 1 year (Preferred)
Angular: 1 year (Preferred)
Drupal: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Title: Backend Developer--Remote RoleDuration: Temp to HirePay Rate: $65/hr on W2
Required: 

Bachelor of Technology/Engineering or equivalent Degree
Java, Spring Boot 3 years plus
JavaScript, C#, HTML
Good understanding on AWS or other public cloud services
Database knowledge – RDBMS like SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL or DB2 (minimal one)
Agile (Scrum) project management methodology and Test-Driven Development
Hands on experience setting up and using CI/CD

Nice to Have: 

MS or ME in Technology/Engineering or equivalent Degree
Full stack development experience
JS based rich web UI framework – React.js
Data Storage knowledge with NoSQL experience
Event driven and microservice architecture experience
Mobile app development (iOS or Android)
SSIS (Microsoft ETL tool)

NOTE:  Suna Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Applicants, with criminal histories, are considered in a manner that is consistent with local, state and federal laws.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Java, Spring Boot: 3 years (Preferred)
JavaScript, C#, HTML: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS or other public cloud services: 2 years (Preferred)
RDBMS like SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL or DB2 (minimal one): 1 year (Preferred)
Agile (Scrum) project management: 1 year (Preferred)
CI/CD: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 TEKsystems is looking for a talented C++ Developer to join one of our longest standing customers in Bentonville, AR. This
 is a 100% Remote Opportunity!
 ﻿12 month contract**

 These C++ developers will be helping with our client's POS system in conjunction to the client's POS team. These are high priority applications that they will be working on to help with the inefficiency of their current legacy platform while also moving them to their new platform on Azure. They need to be very self motivated and willing to reach out to other groups if in need of help. Ultimately they will be working on a check out system while upgrading their Cloud Powered Checkout system.
 Top Skills:

 C++
 4690 OS
 java
 azure

 Work Environment: This is a high performing team with a lot of eyes on it so they need high communicators, comfortable with pressure and who can independently problem solve. Casual environment. 
Experience Level:
 Intermediate Level
 Duration: 
12 month contract
 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.


Desired Skills and Experience -

4 - 5 years of experience working as a developer (flexible depending on the work they have done) 
Strong experience working within the MEAN Stack
Heavy experience with Node.JS Backend Development 
Experience with MongoDB
API Development experience 
Experience with any SPA Frontend Frameworks (Vue, Angular, React)
Experience with JavaScript or TypeScript
Agile/Scrum
Basic level experience with unit testing & functional testing.

Plusses

Enterprise application
Kubernetes
Azure, GCP, AWS experience
Microservices
Experience with JavaScript unit testing tools (Ex: Jest)

Day to Day
A client of Insight Global is looking for a Node.JS Developer to join their full-time team. This person will be responsible for core JavaScript development within the MEAN Stack. This team is responsible for building internal tools kits & automating certain tools that can be leveraged across other development teams within the organization. This person will need to be strong with Node.JS, and should expect to work on integrations of testing tools. They will not be refactoring applications, they will be upgrading, retrofitting and changing code base. 
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $103,000.00 - $140,100.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Do you have basic level experience with Unit Testing or Functional Testing?

Experience:

MEAN Stack Development: 4 years (Required)
JavaScript or TypeScript: 2 years (Preferred)
MongoDB: 1 year (Required)
API Development: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  PHP Application Developer 
  
   Location: Remote (starting work by 9.45am ET daily)
    Salary: 80-130k + benefits
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Business is exploding! So there's tons of opportunity
We are a low pressure environment. No out of hours calls! Good work/life balance
Lots of autonomy, work at your own pace and take you time to do it right the first time!

 What You Will Be Doing

    Reporting to the Director of Development you will work within a team of developers, QA and Business Analysts:
   


Develop a variety of applications both internal and client facing
Design and develop full stack LAMP web applications 
Optimize applications to improver performance
Work closely with BAs and QA Engineers


 What You Need for this Position

    We are open to all levels of engineers: 
   
 1. Junior/entry level - you'll need a BS in CS (or similar) + PHP and MySQL skills. 
   
 2. Mid to senior level, you'll need solid LAMP stack full stack skills. So PHP, MySQL, HTML, JavaScript. Agile is nice to have.
  
 What's In It for You

    Competitive salary + full benefits including 401k match!
  

    So, if you are a PHP Application Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Sally Janavicius
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  DevOps Engineer 
  
   If you are a DevOps Engineer with strong experience in Docker/Kubernetes cloud deployment in a Linux environment, with a desire to join one of the hottest startups in tech that's being used by leading global brands, then please read on!
   
 100% Remote! 
   
 Our investors have a track record of success as they're changing the way the worlds service industry satisfies customers with bleeding edge AI ML CV AR and Deep Learning. Millions in funding are just the start as we've successfully deployed - and as we quickly search for you, our next Senior DevOps engineer that can work from anywhere, fully remote. Don't hesitate, this is a streamlined interview process with one of the best leadership teams in the game. Looking forward to chatting with you!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Strong Funding
Core Product Success!
Unlimited PTO!
Full Remote!

 What You Will Be Doing

Building on prem and Cloud infrastructure
Collaborating closely to Implement & Deploy new AI ML CV Deep Learning objectives

 What You Need for this Position

5+ years of professional engineering/DevOps experience
BS in Engineering or related
Experience with Docker Or Kubernetes
Experience with Python, Perl, Golang, Shell, OR PowerShell
Experience with AWS or GCP
Experience in SRE / Infrastructure
Experience with Linux or Unix

 Bonus:
  

ML AI Deep Learning, Machine Learning experience
experience with Network Security
experience with CV technology for QSR

 What's In It for You

Huge room for growth!
Competitive comp!
100% remote!
Unlimited PTO
Full Benefits: Medical / Dental / Vision!
Much More!

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO: Unlimited PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
100% remote


    So, if you are a DevOps Engineer with interest or experience in build joining our successful AI platform that's just about to take serious flight, please apply today! Send me an updated resume and fill out my questionnaire for priority to your application!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Chad Vasquez
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

The IT Software Developer will support at least two of our largest applications. The position will involve coding, developing, and general support of these projects. In other words, through a variety of means, the IT Software Developer will translate business and technical requirements into business systems.
What you will be doing:

Designing system enhancements and business process changes geared to drive best practices that improve efficiency of staff, accuracy of results, and usefulness of data

Critically evaluating business requirements, providing alternative solutions where applicable

Working in conjunction with outside vendors in a shared development environment
Working with Application Support, QA, and development to support application issues, changes and modifications
Proactively identifying ways in which system and process changes can improve the efficiency of key users, customer service, accuracy of results, and/or completeness of data
Acting as a change agent to help ensure that the newly implemented system/process enhances the success of the project and increases the project’s chance of meeting the business' needs

What we hope you will bring to the role:

3+ years of experience in .Net web application development.
ASP.Net MVC framework experience is a plus.

Well versed in writing clean HTML, CSS, JavaScript. jQuery experience is a plus.

4+ years of Microsoft Dynamics experience required
Skilled in using Microsoft SQL Server. Writing optimized SQL and following best practices for relational databases. Creating Stored Procedures, relational tables.
Experience with maintaining and improving to an existing codebase, focusing on improving performance, scalability and user experience.
Familiar with Scrum / Agile methodologies.
Silverlight experience is a plus.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or comparable experience required. Individual should have a minimum of 3 years related work experience.
Strong communication skills are essential. Individual must be comfortable working with a variety of user groups at all levels within the organization.
Strong analytical skills and critical thinking to analyze problems, document needs and communicate these needs to a variety of audiences.
The individual must have a proven ability to understand business requirements in a variety of functional areas and the flexibility to adapt to new and changing information.
Ability to prioritize and manage many competing priorities and thrive in a fast paced environment.
Ability to work in a virtual collaborative environment.

The individual must have a strong customer service philosophy and skills; thrive in a team environment as well as in an individual setting; demonstrate impeccable organization, attention to detail and follow-up skills; have a willingness to take on new projects; be a self-starter, highly motivated, results-driven and goal-oriented, comfortable setting aggressive goals and exceeding them.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

TEKsystems Global Services has a remote opportunity for a AWS DevOps Engineer. We are looking for a blend of AWS DevOps experience along with some knowledge of modern analytics (ETL/ELT). Right now, the environment is a Teradata environment and they are migrating to an AWS Cloud environment. In addition, they will be implementing Snowflake into their environment to serve as their Enterprise Data Warehouse. 
Top Skills: 

Practical experience with Cloud methodologies (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS), automation, orchestration, trends and industry-leading cloud vendor offerings
working in DevOps team/organizations with applied Agile development practices 
designing, building, and automating solutions utilizing AWS services such as IAM, Glue, Lambda, S3, Athena, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, RDS, EMR, ECS, Route 53 and Redshift.
Experience working with cloud automation tools such as Terraform. CloudFormation is a nice to have.
Experience in building CI/CD pipeline and test automation in tools like Jenkins, GIT and/or AWS CodePipeline/CodeBuild/CodeDeploy
Ability to develop and troubleshoot with Python including Boto3 library.
Strong technical documentation skills, ability to clearly capture key information within Jira and Confluence

 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

OneMain is the largest non-bank lender in the United States. One of our critical and highly visible initiatives is building and scaling industry-leading applications and experiences for our customers.
We’re seeking a servant leader to enable your Product Lane in designing, building, and operationalizing a Product Based Operating Model with Iterative and Incremental Engineering Practices improving quality, reuse, transparency, consistency, and predictability. You will leverage data in support of enabling transformation, experimentation, and continuous improvement.
The mindset you will have and the environment you will enable:
We are a fundamentally customer-focused technology organization
We strive to deliver reusable, resilient, reliable, scalable, and maintainable solutions that achieve and advance commercial outcomes
We pursue objectives with skill and discipline
We value transparency and seek to create a culture of learning
We encourage and role model the behaviors we want to see in others
We are Servant Leaders and act as enablers
We drive change through others, not to others
We fill the needs of the team in the short term while building the team's muscle memory required for self-sufficiency in the long term
We navigate in an ever-changing environment and drive success in unknown territory
We thrive in ambiguity, are adaptable, and set a path forward while being empathetic
We are intentional, vulnerable, and assume positive intent
We create the arena for real conversations
We go as fast as we can without breaking things and while minimizing waste; ask for resources when needed
We optimize outcomes balancing team autonomy with enterprise needs
We understand the difference between being and doing “Agile” and can partner within a hybrid environment
What you will do:
A Delivery Lead is an enabler for a Product Lane accelerating value delivery to our customers. A Delivery Lead is a servant leader, coach, and facilitator partnering with, and responsible to, the Lane leaders (business, product, engineering) in optimizing our Product Based Operating Model.
How does a Delivery Lead provide value?
Enhances Capacity
Operates as a part of the Lane committed to the Lane’s OKRs
Supports Lane Leadership in the effective establishment and on-going operation of the Lane
Promotes and coaches on iterative, incremental, and lean practices for value delivery
Guides the Lanes and Vertical Teams through bold change as well as the friction of change
Remove impediments, resolve conflicts, and constantly communicates progress with all stakeholders
Promotes Continuous Improvement
In support of product objectives identify, manage and resolve impediments with a focus on root cause
Acts as a change agent fostering continuous improvement, driving to our North Star
Optimizes contribution through coaching people and teams across the capabilities in the Product Based Operating Model
Brings an independent, knowledgeable perspective to the table raising opportunities for improvement as well as solution ideas
Cultivates a collaborative environment bringing people, teams, and capabilities (e.g. DevOps, InfoSec) together
Solves problems through collaboration, experimentation, and frameworks
Improves Delivery Execution
Supports processes, ceremonies, events, and ongoing work effort execution with a bias for action, achieving outcomes
Identifies, manages, and resolves impediments with a focus on root cause
Applies systems thinking to break down boundaries and silos
Promotes transparency through measuring and reporting progress through quantitative measures
Leverages strong problem-solving abilities in driving towards outcomes keeping a focus on the "why"
Competencies, Skills and Experience:
3+ years of leading and coaching in agile and/or other iterative and incremental methods
3+ years delivering software as a software engineer, test engineer, DevOps engineer, or similar
Excellent communication, organizational and servant leadership skills
Ability to interface with and influence leaders across the organization with poise
Leverages data to make decisions guided by OKRs and KPIs
Proficiency in delivering the work and the transformation in parallel
Ability to design, and implement methods that are lightweight and effective
Experience and excellent knowledge of Iterative and Incremental Engineering Practices
Practiced in Agile techniques and artifacts (definition of done, user stories, epics, initiatives, automation, etc.)
Experience with various agile scaling approaches
Tools experience:
Scrum / Agile tools - bonus points for working knowledge of Atlassian tools (Jira / Confluence)
Slack - bonus points
Microsoft Office applications
Experience in organizing, directing, and managing activities related to building and maintaining software
Knowledge of best practices and tools in an automated CI/CD framework
Experience in the consumer finance industry
Bachelor’s degree (or relevant work experience) in a related field
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, a trusted name in lending for over 100 years. Since 2005 alone, we have looked beyond customers credit scores to lend more than $152 billion to 16.2 million people looking for simple, affordable loans.
With branches across 44 states, we're proud partners of the families and communities we serve. They turn to us to help meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills and auto purchases. It’s all about doing the right thing – a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-Remote

  Remote- JavaScript Manager- JavaScript, Node, AWS 
  
   If you are a Remote- JavaScript Manager- JavaScript, Node, AWS with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    We are looking to hire on a JavaScript Manager to join our team. The ideal candidate will have an extensive background in JavaScript, with strong knowledge of Node.js, TypeScript (preferred), and AWS. This is a fully remote position with an established company within security. 
   
 Qualifications:
   

JavaScript experience 5+ years
Node.js experience 5+ years
Typescript experience (preferred)
AWS experience 5+ years
Leadership experience; whether that's as a Lead Software Engineer or Software Engineering Manager


 What You Need for this Position

JavaScript
Software Engineering Manager
Software Development Manager
Senior Software Engineering Manager
Sr. Software Engineering Manager
NODE
Node.js
AWS
Amazon Web Services
TypeScript

 What's In It for You

    Salary: up to $170K base
   

Medical insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
401(k) with match
Vacation/ PTO


 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Remote- JavaScript Manager- JavaScript, Node, AWS with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Anya Glover
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
JOB DESCRIPTION
Insight Global is looking for a REMOTE Senior Gameplay Developer to support one of our largest aerospace defense clients. developing virtual reality and Unreal Engine (UE) gameplay solutions. The Senior Gameplay Developer should have experience developing Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) C++ code within agile SW development environments. The Senior Gameplay Developer is responsible for developing simulations of vehicles, devices, weapons, radars, cameras and other elements of a system in support of customer training. The Senior Gameplay Developer performs integration of 3D/VR/AR environments with physical hardware. The Senior Gameplay Developer will utilize our tool set that includes Unreal Engine, Unreal Game Sync, Visual Studio, Perforce, Jenkins, Coverity, Visual Assist, Cucumber, Gherkin, and Azure DevOps.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS6+ Unreal 4 development experienceVR/AR development experienceStrong experience with Blueprint scripting, plugin developmentExperience with networking including server/client systems and UE replication best practicesC and C++ programming languagesExperience building a scalable, multi-player game/simulationA career in our Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics will provide you the opportunity to solve our clients most critical business and data protection related challenges. You will be part of a growing team driving strategic programs, data analytics, innovation, deals, cyber resilency, response, and technical implementation activities. You will have access to not only the top Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics professionals at PwC, but at our clients and industry analysts across the globe.

Our Identity and Access Management team focuses on helping our clients design, implement and operate effective access controls that protect against threats, support business objectives, and enable growth. As companies pivot toward a digital business model, exponentially more data is generated and shared among organizations, partners and customers. You'll play an integral role in helping our clients ensure they are protected by using the latest strategies and tools in effectively managing access to all this data. Our team helps organizations manage access to critical assets by focusing on areas like Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories.

In joining, you'll be a part of a team that values technical and business acumen and provides training and development to extend and develop your skills while, fostering a strong collaborative culture. You'll have the opportunity to focus on Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories, among other skills.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be an authentic and inclusive leader, at all grades/levels and in all lines of service. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities and coach to help deliver results.
Develop new ideas and propose innovative solutions to problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from from current trends in business area.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Share relevant thought leadership.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality, diverse relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Information CyberSecurity, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering

Certification(s) Preferred:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified JAVA Developer, certification with IAM products including SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success managing client engagements relating to the creation of business processes and solutions enabled by identity and access management, including requirements analysis, strategy, design, implementation, operations and application/business integration.
Demonstrates thorough knowledge of IAM concepts such as directory services, SSO, federation, MFA, provisioning, access certification, roles and SOD.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing the following when producing deliverables for client engagements related to managing successful enterprise scale IAM implementations, including the following areas:
Utilizing an IAM suite of products - e.g. SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA - and of their design and implementation
Utilizing and applying knowledge of computer science skills such as Java, Python, OOP concepts, Computer Networking, SDLC, operating systems fundamentals (Windows, Unix, Linux);
Conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses of large and complex data;
Utilizing hands-on knowledge of agile development methodologies and DevOps tools (Github/GitLab, Jenkins, AWS Code Deploy, Jira, Confluence, Artifactory, etc.) to enable continuous development / integration model
Utilizing knowledge and experience in public cloud environments (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) and developing IAM solutions for and in the cloud
Leveraging creative thinking and problem solving skills, individual initiative, and utilizing productivity tools - e.g. Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and collaboration tools - e.g. Mail, Calendar, where necessary
Identifying and addressing client needs: building relationships with clients; developing an awareness of relevant services; communicating with the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner; delivering clear requests for information; demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks; and communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor
Performing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles; contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback; providing guidance, clarification and feedback to less experienced staff
Communicating in an organized and knowledgeable manner in written and verbal formats including delivering clear requests for information and communicating potential conflicts
Contributing and supervising specific workstreams on an engagement or engagements, staying educated on current trends and assisting in the development of knowledge capital
Collaborating with business development teams responsible for writing and presenting proposals to prospective clients
Identifying and addressing client needs while displaying the ability to contribute to the development of a business vision and manage implementation efforts with complex project management capabilities
Contributing to business development opportunities and/or engagements from pre-sale and initial scoping through final delivery and sign-off
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote

  Sr. Network / SDN / Network Automation Solutions Engineer 
  
   Award winning and established Technology firm providing industry leading solutions in numerous verticals (Commercial, Enterprise, Global, Healthcare, SLED, etc.) is continuing it's growth and adding to their team . The current need is for a Senior Network Solutions Engineer / Architect with strong SDN & Network Automation Engineering expertise.
   
 This will be a REMOTE role when not in front of clients that will be high profile and allow for you to shape the direction of numerous technology / practice initiatives especially in the Software Defined Networking and Network Automation space.
   
 Excellent cross training culture is provided for Network Engineers / Architects with strong aptitude. You will have the ability to take advantage of generous training budgets and time off from projects to gain additional certs and / or attend relevant classes.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    1. Opportunity to be part of an award winning & established firm in fast-growth mode.
   
 2. VERY competitive compensation plan including base, bonus and profit sharing.
   
 3. Opportunity to work remotely from home office when not in front of clients.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Working with internal and external customers in driving their architecture needs. 



Design, Support and Troubleshooting of existing and growing Network / Data Center environments.



Leading initiatives for Designing and deploying Data Center Networks utilizing industry best practices and Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure and Nexus 9k platforms.



Implementing Network Automation based solutions for clients / customers



Developing and performing migration from traditional data center network designs to Cisco ACI.



Integrating services appliances to Cisco ACI deployments to include Application Delivery Controllers and Firewalls.



Monitor network performance and troubleshoot problem areas as needed.



Create Low Level Design, High Level Design, Implementation Plan, and Acceptance Test Plan documents in accordance with customer standards.



Design / Architecture and implementation of solutions surrounding solutions involving Cisco R/S, ASR, DWDM, ACI, SDN and the Nexus switches.



Strategic research and evaluation of new solutions and relevant technologies.



Staying up to date on current and relevant certifications



Strong Expertise with NSX / VMware will be highly desired / relevant



Strong SD-WAN / Viptela expertise will be highly desired / relevant

 What You Need for this Position

CCIE or CCNP certification (either Data Center, Route / Switch, Service Provider or Security)



Strong Cisco R/S expertise



Strong experience with implementing Nexus Switches



Strong experience with Cisco SDN / ACI is required



Strong skills with automation (REST API, Ansible, Python, Powershell, etc.)



8+ years in Cisco WAN/LAN routing and switching. Experience engineering and troubleshooting large, complex Cisco network solutions



Hands-on experience with EIGRP & OSPF



Extensive Cisco Catalyst experience



F5 Loadbalancing experience is a plus



Strong experience with SD WAN and Viptela 



Strong experience with NSX is a plus



Strong exp. with OpenFlow, OpenStack, Virtualization and UCS / Compute Engineering

 What's In It for You

    In addition to the very competitive compensation plan (aggressive base salary, bonus and profit sharing) there will be a comprehensive benefits package including:
   


Vacation/PTO



Medical



Dental



Vision



Bonus



401(k)



Telecommute opportunities once up to speed.



    Please apply ASAP if qualified and interested or you can send your resume to me directly at: Chuck.Cooke@CyberCoders.com
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Chuck Cooke
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Project Overview: Project involves re-architecting loan processing application and move to latest technology framework/design patterns (such as microservices, Angular 12).
Top skill sets required for this role: Java web application, knowledge of sprint boot, Rest API and design patterns is needed. Experience with Capital markets, security lending is preferred but not must have
Location: Team has started going to office in Alpharetta, Georgia. They are looking for someone local who can go into office 2-3 days a week, or would willing to relocate to the area within the next few months.
Primary Responsibilities: 
· Work closely with clients to establish technology solutions at business and technical level.
· Help to build client relationships and participate in business development and proposal work.
Requirements: 
· Strong software development experience in software development with expertise in Java 6 and above and knowledge of latest Java (8/9) features
· Microservices expertise
· Spring Boot/Spring Batch experience
· Working experience with databases (relational and/or Nosql) and messaging technologies
· Docker and Kubernetes experience is preferred
· Strong experience in writing high quality code with full automated unit test coverage.
· Strong experience in defining and applying design standards, patterns, quality matrix depending on the solutions
· Ability & willingness to learn new technologies
· Strong verbal & written communication
· Client facing skills
Plus: 
· Experience in one or more front-end development technologies
· Working experience creating high performing applications including profiling and tuning (of those applications to boost performance)
· Understanding & experience in API management, Swagger
· Experience in TDD/BDD
· Experience in Scrum/Agile
· Understanding of various infrastructures (on-premises, cloud)
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 3 years (Required)
Java: 7 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Job Description and Responsibilities for Experienced Software Developer Software Engineer.
At least 4 years of on the job experience
Counterpointe Inc. is seeking experienced Software Developers / Software Engineers who will have the ability to work remotely anywhere in the USA.
Applicants should have 4 years of on-the-job Software Developer Software Engineer experience at the very minimum working with Java.
4 year’s years’ experience does NOT include project or internship work.
A plus is experience working as part of or leading a development team, facing clients and gathering requirements.
We are looking for experienced doers that continually improve their skill by collaborating with a team of professionals that share knowledge and are dedicated to growing their careers.
You will specialize within and across full stack development activities as part of an Agile team, attending and participating in daily standups and weekly retrospectives while working closely with team members daily.
You will participate across software development lifecycles, including supporting and leading component design, development, and test activities, along with involvement in the requirements gathering process.
You will collaboratively work with internal and external team members as well as the client, applying knowledge of multiple design principles, open-source frameworks, and tools to achieve desired project outcomes with high initial quality.
The duties of this job require a high degree of specialized expertise and skill in maintaining established standards of quality and accuracy. Drive, discipline, orientation to detail and the determination to consistently deliver a quality product are highly desired.
The job environment is structured, and job expectations are clear, while the pace of the work is faster than average. The work requires specialized technical problem solving and ingenuity while working within approved organizational systems and technology. New ideas and concepts are embraced and carefully analyzed and tested before communication and adoption.
At times the job may involve managing others and there is a need for someone who can exercise the necessary authority to assure policies and procedures are followed and time frames are met. Additionally, it is necessary to give subordinates structured opportunity to develop their own expertise and capability for quality work to assure effective delegation and shared responsibility for work output. Coaching and training support for achieving effective delegation will be required and experience to that end is desired.
The position encompasses a defined span of control and opportunity for someone who engenders trust, demonstrates a sense of urgency and assures consistent achievement of quality standards. The work requires making decisions that support company guidelines authoritatively and quickly.
Proficiencies, competencies and expectations for this position: 
Lead tasks by leveraging a deep understanding of functional and/or technical concepts, nuanced analytical skills, and expanded ability to understand how to impact the client.
Consulting: 
Data Gathering & Analysis
· manages multiple data collection, analysis, and interpretation efforts and ensures that data drives decision making across team members
· leads client communications in at least one project-specific area
· leverages existing approaches, tailoring them for each project
· uses unassailable data to drive individual decisions
· owns, manages, and directs tasking approaches, actively eliminating problems and blocking issues
Communication
· asks probing questions
· primary author for client or internal deliverables
· recommends approaches to tasking
· connects interdependencies to formulate strategic action plans that are positioned to maximize plan consumption
· drives actions to closure through persuasive communication
· decides and communicates which standard applies to the current situation and ensures compliance
· refines standards as needed
People Impact
· provides career and development guidance outside of the immediate team
· builds a strong network
· demonstrates trusts by delegating to peers or junior staff to enable the tackling of higher-level responsibilities
Operations:
Delivery
· demonstrates initiative and adds leverage
· active participant in delivery via recurring, direct client interactions
· leads development of specific deliverable, meeting associated deadlines, and assumes responsibility for the deliverable
· anticipates issues and preemptively works to address them
Accountability
· adapts and multi-tasks to various clients and work environments
· ensures that assignments are in line with established quality control concepts
· pursues the best possible results
Expertise/Personal Capabilities
· applies knowledge across assignments to ensure the development of quality deliverables
· seeks out advice from others and demonstrably implements feedback
Corporate Capabilities
· demonstrates a strong understanding of the company's capabilities
· leverages external expertise to collaboratively impact client and company engagements
Leadership/Collaboration
· leads others on a sustained basis across a multitude of assignments
· shares resources and expertise beyond the immediate team to help overall corporate execution
To be Considered as a Qualified Candidate, Applicants should have the following.. and have answered ALL Indeed.com qualification screening questions: 
· B.S. or greater in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related discipline
· At least 4 or more years of on-the-job programming experience as a Software Developer Software Engineer, not including internships or school project work.
· Experience with agile techniques, especially Kanban
· Experience with modern programming languages (e.g., Java, Typescript, JavaScript)
· Experience with commonly used open-source products (e.g., Jackson, Hibernate, Angular, Maven)
· Experience with Business-Driven Development approaches and technologies (e.g., Specification by Example, Cucumber)
· Experience with application servers (e.g., Tomcat, Wildfly)
· Experience with Git
· Experience with collaboration tools (e.g., Jenkins, JIRA, Confluence, Nexus, Bitbucket)
· Experience facing clients as well as requirements gathering
· US Citizenship or Green Card Holder*
*Because of the contractual requirements of our US Government clients, we can only consider applicants who can demonstrate proof of US Citizenship or Green Card holders.
The Interview Process
Counterpointe is a small company and is very discerning in its hiring practices. The interview process consists of 4 steps. It begins with an invitation from our recruiter for qualified candidates, to take 2 assessments one cognitive and one behavioral from The Predictive Index. If an applicant matches our job target profile for the position, they will be contacted by our recruiter and invited for an initial interview. If they are successful in the initial interview, they will be invited for a technical evaluation of their knowledge. If they are successful passing the technical evaluation, they will be invited for a 2-hour “team interview”. The Team Interview is the final step, conducted by 8 Counterpointe employees who will evaluate the applicant’s depth of knowledge and communication skills. We move quickly and you will not be left hanging awaiting our determinaton.
The Company
Counterpointe is a small company of 38 Software Developers Software Engineers, Business Analysts, Project Managers and Functional Specialists who consider their working peers as second family.
If you are looking for a challenging opportunity to exercise your problem-solving skills in a fast-paced, Agile environment and have a passion for collaborating to deliver delightful development experiences and want to know that your ideas and input are considered valuable assets, then this job is for you.
Founded in 2005, Counterpointe’s dedication to quality, leadership, and outstanding service has earned us a strong reputation for customer satisfaction. Our value-added business approach stresses long-term customer relationships through innovation, excellence, and integrity. Our Headquarters are located just outside of Washington, DC in McLean VA, and we are looking for qualified candidates who are interested in becoming part of our team either remotely or in Virginia.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Are you aware that failure to answer ALL screening questions will disqualify you for consideration for this position and that your application will NOT be considered?
Because we have US Government clients who require Counterpointe to employ only US Citizens or Green Card holders, we must first ask the following question. Are you a U.S. Citizen? (please answer Yes or No)
Because we have US Government clients who require Counterpointe to employ only US Citizens or Green Card holders, we must first ask the following question. Are you a Green Card holder? (please answer Yes or No)
What is your Email address?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with Business-Driven Development approaches and technologies (e.g., Test Driven Development, Specification by Example, Cucumber)?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with commonly used open-source products (e.g., Jackson, Hibernate, Angular, Maven)?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with application servers (e.g., Tomcat, Wildfly)?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with collaboration tools (e.g., Jenkins, JIRA, Confluence, Nexus, Bitbucket)?
How many years of experience do you have working in an Agile environment?
Dear Applicant,

We strive to make our application process as simple as possible and we are mindful that applying for employment can be rigorous, and time consuming. We have a reason behind every screening question we ask, and we appreciate your complete answers.
We use Indeed to find our applicants.One thing Indeed does not do well is parsing resumes. If you have uploaded your resume to indeed when you originally created your Indeed profile, check to see that it has not been parsed and de-formatted by Indeed.
We prefer your original resume PDF as you created it, rather than an Indeed parsed resume. Please check to insure your resume is the original. That format will present you in the best light to shine.
We want you to know that we thank you for your interest in Counterpointe as an employer and sincerely Thank You for the time investment in applying for this position.
Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

on the job Java, Typescript, JavaScript: 4 years (Required)
on the job programming (EXCLUDING internships): 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Remote Magento Developer X2 - Magento, PHP, MySQL 
  
   Based in Denver, CO. We are an extremely fast-growing Magento services firm with an in-depth knowledge of the Magento platform and e-Commerce, a broad set of design, development, integration and marketing skills, as well as years of industry experience and successful implementations. We offer a very unique product directed toward a specific segment of the E-commerce Technology and Automation industry. While other tech based healthcare companies simply go with the flow, we plunge right through with pure intent to disrupt. Our highly innovative online/mobile platform has already taken the industry by storm and we aim to continue our campaign to produce something that our clients/consumers truly benefit from.
   
 Currently, we are looking for a skilled REMOTE Magento Developer with Magento, PHP, and relational database (MySQL) experience. If this sounds like you, we would love to tell you more about this incredible opportunity!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    1. Awesome company culture
    2. We work with the latest and greatest technologies
    3. Highly impactful work!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

analyze and solve problems
develop and implement innovative features and functionality for e-commerce
collaborate with a team of passionate e-commerce professionals to deliver exceptional outcomes
apply your expertise in Magento, PHP, MySQL & JavaScript to extend, enhance and build great user experiences
understand e-commerce business requirements and convert to a coherent design
unit test and take accountability for the quality of your work

 What You Need for this Position

    More Than 5 Years of experience and knowledge of:
   


Magento
PHP
relational databases (MySQL)
SQL
Lamp Stack
Magento


 What's In It for You

Competitive base salary 
Health Insurance Contribution
Dental & Vision Insurance Contribution
Paid Time Off (Vacation & Personal)
Paid Holidays
Personal Growth in a company with limitless potential


    So, if you are a Magento Developer with Magento, PHP and relational database (MySQL) experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 



We are seeking a Java Developer to act as a technical lead contributor with 5-7 years of Java object-oriented software development experience. This individual will work as part of a team to analyze, design, develop, configure, test, and implement enterprise application solutions that leverage Java and other technologies.
 Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree and 5+ years of full-stack Java development experience or an equivalent combination of education and work experience
Extensive and current development experience using the core Java programming language and J2EE
Thorough understanding of design patterns and ability to apply them appropriately
Experience in different SDL methodologies and especially Scrum development
Experience building software using tools such as Jenkins, Gerrit, Maven etc…
Unit testing frameworks including JUnit, EasyMock, Mockito
JavaScript
Effective software and data troubleshooting skills
Ability and desire to learn new technologies and coding languages
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Exemplary collaboration, interpersonal, and presentation skills
Experience working with remote teams, partners and customers
Ability to effectively respond to dynamically changing work environment
Must be a US citizen and be able to pass a U.S. Government background check


 Need to have:

Experience working in an Agile software development team
Familiarity with front end user interface and application design technologies such as HTML5




Role : Sr Java Developer – Microservice API
Location Clinton NJ – Need to relocate after 2months 

Having 10+ years’ experience on Java/J2EE experience
Good Exp in Microservices
Good understanding on AWS Cloud Infrastructure
Very strong on Enterprise Integration background
Lead a team and engagement providing technical leadership
Knowledge of Amazon EKS and other cloud container services
Expertise in creation and consumption of SOAP & REST web services along with API gateways
Deep understanding of Java Design patterns, Anti-Patterns, Best Practices, and concepts on API Gateways, Service registry and discovery, Centralized Configuration, Centralized Logging, Message Tracing.
Strong understanding of TDD, BDD and automated unit, integration and acceptance testing
Excellent knowledge on CI/CD process, pipelines and Agile Engineering Practices
Excellent Knowledge on DevOps, Monitoring, Eventual Consistency and Event Sourcing
Deep expertise in Spring projects such as Spring Framework, Spring Boot and Spring Security
Hands-on experience on developing microservices with Spring Boot, Spring Cloud and Netflix OSS suite
Expertise in XML Transformation, XPATH, XSLT
Expertise in WebServices Standards and Specs (SOAP, XML, WS-Security)
Experience working with JMS, WMQ and Kafka
Familiarity with Agile Engineering Practices
Good understanding of Domain Driven Design
Good understanding of 12-factor and cloud-native application design is a plus
Very Strong on client handling skills

SS089565TV
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $75.00 - $78.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Back End Developers: 1 year (Preferred)
ASP.NET: 1 year (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Senior UI Software Engineer - JavaScript, ReactIdeal locations include Boston, MA and Milwaukee, WI - will consider REMOTE candidates willing to visit office on bi-annual basisMUST HAVEs:  JavaScript with modern framework; React (strongly preferred / that is what we use – may be open to Angular or Vue). Senior level role so must be able to code at a Sr. level outside of React, as well.401K contributions: 100% match on first 4%Vacation: unlimited PTO, guidance between 4-5 weeks/yearHealthcare: 2 different plans available with HSA and FSA options availableInterview process: 1st step with me (45 minutes) - Cultural/high level tech screening. Tech screen (60-90 mins) – Technical questions and live coding assessment, Hiring mgr interview – 45-60 minutes
SCOPE: Work closely with engineering leads, and other business functions to understand technical requirements for software products and solutions.Define well thought-out technical architecture and implementation approach for your area of focus.Contribute to platform framework and foundation that can scale globally to meet customers and business requirement from different countries around the world.
REQUIREMENTS: Javascript - at least 5 yearsModern React experience - at least 5 years; years of experience with similar framework in lieu of React will be consideredTypescript experience - at least 2 yearsMobile-first Responsive development experienceCustomizable UI experience - drag n drop, scrolling elements, etc.Legacy browsers support up to IE 11 experience.
Not necessary, but appreciated:Writing unit tests for FrontendStyled-components libraryOther state-management libraries except Redux experience.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

UI: 5 years (Required)
UX: 1 year (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Required)
TypeScript: 2 years (Required)
React: 1 year (Preferred)
Vue.js: 1 year (Preferred)
angular: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Remote position. The ideal candidate will live near an airport for frequent travel.
**Background friendly: We believe in second chances.**
Salary: $120k base and OTE $240K+
We are hiring for an exciting and lucrative opportunity with one of the world’s top SaaS providers! Qualified candidates can earn a very competitive salary and work from almost anywhere in North America near a major airport. This is a combination of low code application development and sales. Read on to learn more about the employer and the position!
The Role
This company’s AE’s are responsible for generating new and expanding business license revenue across all verticals in a defined geography and/ or revenue band.
The AE will work closely with multiple internal stakeholders including Sales Development Representatives, Marketing, Partners and Client Success Managers to follow up on inbound, partner generated and customer expansion opportunities. Demonstrated success at generating opportunities via outbound efforts is expected.
The major objective is to overachieve against the assigned quota through a mix of new business and customer expansions. This is accomplished via inbound opportunities and outbound lead generation performed independently and in conjunction with the SDR and Alliances teams.
Key Attributes for success
➢ You can manage a complex sales cycle from inception to close.
➢ You will manage and develop critical partner relationships with both SIs and ISVs
➢ You can build consistent and sustainable pipeline and consistently achieve quota
➢ You pride yourself on preparation, attention to detail and forecast accuracy
➢ You thrive on execution via a prescribed sales process
➢ You have experience with a modern sales “tech stack,” including Salesforce, Salesloft, and ABM solutions or techniques.
➢ You seek to be coached rather than managed.
➢ You have a proven track record of success working in a team environment, meaning you coordinate sales resources while working cross-functionally within the company. You can and will actively seek to involve leadership in the execution of strategic / larger opportunities.
Ideal Background
➢ You have been in B2B technology sales for 7+ years with significant experience in a complex, executive sale and a track record of over-achievement against your assigned quotas.
➢ Experience and/or domain expertise in selling infrastructure technology with specific experience selling low-code application development solutions such as Mendix, Appian, OutSystems, Heroku
➢ Demonstrated ability to sell a portfolio of technology to get to the ideal solution for end-customers
➢ Domain expertise /subject matter expert in work flow automation solutions (RPA, iPaaS, low code, AI) and developing compelling business cases for end customers
➢ Think and operate strategically and tactically without daily direction from a manager
➢ You have an entrepreneurial spirit
➢ You thrive in a remote work environment (however, you are close to a major airport so you can easily meet prospects in person)
➢ You compete to win and are smart enough to exit a losing situation
➢ You love to be part of a team and can operate as both the coach and player to ensure that you have the right resources and best plays to win
➢ You have had experience in a high-growth, fast-paced start-up which will enable you to quickly learn the company sales methodology (GrowthManagement and MEDDIC) and follow a structured on-boarding plan. Your first task will be a combination of learning the sales process, product positioning and value proposition as well as a high-level understanding of the company’s technology and aligning that to your low-code application development experience.
➢ You are naturally inquisitive and while perhaps the most difficult task, seek to understand and solve business problems that mirror the various use cases of the company’s prospects and customers.
➢ You hold a 4 year college degree or similar, demonstrable life skills
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $250,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Commission pay

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Hello,
 One of our clients is looking for a Sr. React Developer to join their team for a 100% remote, contract opportunity. 
Top Skills' Details 

3-5 years experience supporting enterprise level Development utilizing React JS
Experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Context or Redux) and React Hooks
Strong proficiency in React Unit Testing frameworks (e.g., React Testing Library, Jest Enzyme)
Strong proficiency in ES6 (or TypeScript)
Familiarity with RESTful APIs and modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token
Experience with Jira or a similar tool

 Skills:
 React.js, React, restful api, jest, jira, Javascript, Css, Html, Angular, Node.js
 Additional Skills & Qualifications:

NestJS

 Experience Level:
 Expert Level
 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.



Salary: $120k per year
  
Reference: 927977
  
 job summary:
  
 Our client in the gaming industry is seeking an Electronics/Embedded Engineer for a full time position in the heart of Santa Monica, CA.
This will be onsite 100% with little remote work.
This is one the largest brands in the country for the video gaming industry and the client is looking to move extremely fast for hires.
Some camera experience is ideal as well as Linux, C, and C++. location: Santa Monica, California job type: Permanent work hours: 8am to 4pm education: Bachelors  responsibilities: 

skilled in designing circuit boards and programming embedded systems with an emphasis on rapid prototyping and quick turn-around designs.
 Design, build, and support electronic devices such as cameras, high precision timing circuits,  scanners, etc.
 Design embedded systems.
 Program firmware.
 Create documentation and deploy our products.
 4+ years of engineering PCB design and controller programming
 Knowledge of Altium and/or Eagle for circuit board design
 Experience using C/C++ for programming embedded microcontrollers.
 Some experience with high speed and controlled impedance designs.
 Well rounded skills, may need to assemble prototypes as well as use hand tools, milling  machines, lasers, and 3D printers for prototyping.


 qualifications:
  

Experience level: Experienced
 Minimum 5 years of experience
 Education: Bachelors (required)

 skills: 
  
Electronics
 Electronics
 Professional Engineer
 Design Engineer
 Quality
 Embedded
 C++
 Linux


 Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.   Qualified applicants in San Francisco with criminal histories will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  For certain assignments, Covid-19 vaccination and/or testing may be required by Randstad's client or applicable federal mandate, subject to approved medical or religious accommodations. Carefully review the job posting for details on vaccine/testing requirements or ask your Randstad representative for more information.


**Federal Projects - Applicant must be a United States Citizen or Green Card Permanent Residents with the ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance**The Baer Group is looking for Application Developer for a 9+ month Federal Remote Project.Title:  Application DeveloperLocation:  Remote (Must be based in US)Duration:  9 monthsRate:  All-InclusiveDescription: 

Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.
Develop enhancements and modifications for mobile application and web-based application.
Environment includes Oracle database, AngularJS website, Java Spring webservices.
Conduct component testing of code changes to ensure code addresses the modification accurately and thoroughly.
Perform code reviews for code changes made by other developers.
Create and update application designs for application enhancements.

Requirements: 

Java
SQL (Structured Query Language)
Oracle PL/SQL (5+ years)
Bachelor’s Degree

Public trust security clearance is the lowest level of additional background screening that the federal government requires for applicants of certain jobs, which includes completing a Standard Form 85 (SF85) form.Company Overview: 
The Baer Group is an Enterprise Technology Consulting firm providing job opportunities with several 1st Tier Global Systems Integrators and a wide array of Fortune 1000 clients. Consultants and Employees of TBG enjoy access to the highest profile job opportunities across leading Enterprise Technology Solutions ranging from Digital Transformation programs utilizing the latest technologies from SAP and Oracle to a wide range of emerging Cloud based infrastructure, application and AI related solutions.
The Baer Group prides itself on our ability to work directly with key stakeholders to create the most optimized service experience possible for our consultants and our clients. TBG’s job requirements are carefully vetted and are typically associated with mission critical programs offering tremendous opportunities to expand your skills leveraging the latest solutions. TBG focuses on representing jobs that provide streamlined response to our proposed candidates and a best in class engagement experience.The Baer Group is an equal opportunity employer including disability/veteran.
Job Type: Contract


** For consideration, please email your updated resume to the recruiter at tauri.hayes@kellyservices.com and reference Job ID 4242425 **


Software Developer - JavaScript
Remote or onsite option in Johnston, IA
Looking for 8-10 years experience
12+ months W2 Contract



Top Must Haves:
 AWS/LAMBDAS
    Javascript
    Node
    Testing framework
    Good communication
   

Daily Responsibilities:


Develop, code, configure, and test programs and systems.
Collaborate with other functional teams and adopt best practices to ensure the solution design helps meet the operational, integration, cost, quality and performance goals of the solution
Execute necessary documentation, as directed, or needed.
Analyze assignments and determine software specifications that must be fulfilled to achieve objectives
Resolve technical integration and performance issues
Collaborate with other relevant stakeholders and team members to ensure that features meet business needs.
Follow industry-standard agile software design methodology for development and documentation.
Review technical deliverables from other software engineers and assess impact on global systems


Education Preferred: Open; But should have necessary experience (8-10 year)
   

Shift Times: Should be able to work 90% of time overlapping with the team. The Team works between 8 am – 5 pm CT.
  
 You should know: Your safety matters! Vaccination against COVID-19 may be a requirement for this job in compliance with current client and governmental policies. A Kelly recruiter will confirm and share more details with you during the interview process. 


Why Kelly
®
?


By partnering with Kelly® Technology, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward.



About Kelly
®


At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. 
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance. ]]
 








At Relatient we’re on a mission to make access to healthcare simpler. 

We partner with leading health systems and medical practices - comprising more than 40,000 providers across the US - to optimize every step of a patient journey, from alerting patients to needed care, helping them find the right provider, scheduling appointments across multiple channels, and engaging with patients throughout their care journey via text, email, and chat. Our solutions reduce delays in care, improve communication, and enhance both the provider and consumer experience. We’ve been recognized as a Forbes Top Startup, Deloitte Fast 500, and Inc 5000, among other honors, for our rapid growth, innovative technology solutions, and energetic workplace culture.

 We are currently looking for a Software Design Consultant to join our team to help facilitate the technical and candidate facing needs of our clients.



 Responsibilities:

 Work across internal teams and with our clients to understand our new and existing clients' patient access workflows
 Work with other team members to implement those workflows in Relatient's proprietary Dash suite
 Participate in software testing to ensure our system is delivering the optimal results

 Qualifications:

 BA or BS, with degrees in engineering or business preferred
 Strong analytic skills and demonstrated ability to think critically; experience working with SQL is a plus
 Excellent people skills and ability to engage a broad set stakeholders
 Emphasis on exceeding client expectations
 Self-starter with ability to work in a fast-paced environment


 Relatient is an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our company, visit www.heydash.com.

 #LI-Remote #LI-AM1










PI178338451



  .NET Architect 
  
   If you are a .NET Architect with 5+ years of experience, please read on!
   
 With offices based all over the United States, we are a marketing & advertising that company that is in the technology space to help promote the health and wealth of other companies. We have partners with many iconic companies and lots being the leaders within their industry, some of those partners include Facebook, American Express, North Face, Adobe, and more. Due to recent growth and demand for our services we are looking to add on a .NET Architect who specializes with C#/.NET Core on the Entity platform. This candidate also must be strong with REST API's and SQL.
   
 If this sounds like you please apply today!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    Lead design, development, implementation and maintenance of applications/back-end services.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    5+ years of experience in enterprise technology applications architecture with:
   

C#
.NET Core
SQL
Entity
JavaScript/HTML/CSS
Rest API's


 What's In It for You

Competitive Hourly Rate
Fun & exciting projects to work on
Work fully remote
Potential to be converted to full time hire
Amazing company culture


    So, if you are a .NET Architect with 5+ years of experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Tyler Ruzi
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 
JOB DESCRIPTION
This is a developer’s dream job - bulk of time will be spent coding the solution (90%) with testing being the additional task following. You will be working on Hadoop projects with the latest technologies and software stacks. As a developer in this Analytics team you will be able to design, develop, troubleshoot, and analyze moderately complex software programs and solutions for computer-based systems. You will also be working on large scale deployments using Big Data methodologies. The team has 20 people bridging across Mexico and the United Sates, additionally leads will be working with you to assign tasks.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
Must Haves:
2-3 years programming and scripting in Scala, Spark, or Python (python is a plus!)Designing/implementing data pipelines with Hadoop using: any language is fine - SQL, python, delta lake, data bricks, spark, kafka/confluence, presto with streaming and data batch processing
Proficient at schema design, data modeling concepts, SQLExperience with workflow management tools: Oozie, Airflow, ectWriting/understanding complex SQL queries
Data cleaning techniques, ETL, data visualizationInterpersonal/communication skills - for working with customers and teamBachelors degree
DESIRED SKILLS
Bachelor's degree in computer science, management information systems, or related field

  REMOTE-Senior Java Engineer -Scala- Spark or Hibernate 
  
   If you are a REMOTE-Senior Java Engineer -Scala- Spark or Hibernate with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    This job is working mainly with Java, Scala, Hibernate or Java, Scala, Spark. This job will be working with SQL compilers as well and is a definite plus if you have that experience, but the main languages are written above.
   
 Has experience writing compilers. Can wrangle ANTLR, build out the symbol table, implement compile time checks, and translate SQL to Apache Spark's API.
   
 Has experience with microservices. Can deploy the compiler as an HTTP server in a Kubernetes cluster.
   
 Understands the end-user, in this case data analysts, and invents language elements that they can readily pick up.
   
 Can own and execute mission-critical feature iterations, while working collaboratively with engineers across the entire application stack.
   
 Understand how critical well-tested components are for team velocity, and you use metrics to maximize system performance.
   
 Possess a learning mindset. An authentic drive for personal growth and empowering the same for others.
   
 Basic Qualifications
   
 B.S. or advanced degree in Computer Science or related field
   
 3+ years experience developing in an object oriented language (Java & Scala)
   
 1+ years experience with Apache Spark
   
 1+ years experience with SQL
   
 Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills, and attention to detail
   
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills; a team player with strong analytical and problem-solving abilities
   
 Preferred Experience
    1+ years with ANTLR
   
 Automated functional and load testing
   
 Experience deploying and troubleshooting in production environments
   
 Familiarity with AWS and Kubernetes a plus
  
 What You Need for this Position

SQL Compiler Engineer
ANTLR
SPARK
Apache
Python
Scala
Compiler
Apache Spark
Java
Hibernate

 What's In It for You

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
Bonus
401k

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
Bonus
401k


    So, if you are a REMOTE-Senior Java Engineer -Scala- Spark or Hibernate with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
JOB DESCRIPTION
Will partner closely with the manager, who acts as a lead, other engineers, and QA's for a variety of projects/initiatives

Will help with modernization of current system in place and moving to the cloud

Partners with a team of software engineers, as well as QA's from the quality management team to drive features and specifications, architecture design, implementation, and other development responsibilities

Translates software requirements into fully functional software solutions

Work with Product Owners and teams to drive features and specifications, architecture design, implementation, and other software development responsibilities
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
5-7+ years of software development experience
Experience with .NET development
Experience with C# development
Experience with technical requirements gathering
Experience with database development (SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle)
Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Experience with Web API development
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field
MUST BE VACCINATED
DESIRED SKILLS
Cloud experience (AWS or Azure)
Agile experience
Angular experience
JavaScript experience
Experience with DevOps concepts (continuous integration, continuous deployment, infrastructure as code, and release automation)
EHR development experience - Epic, Cerner, AthenaHealth, PatientKeeper, etc.

  REMOTE Senior/Lead .Net Core Engineer 
  
   Founded in 2015 and built-out by a Seasoned MIT Engineer alongside an industry veteran, we are modernizing the insurance underwriting process through the use of AI!
   
 We have built the Next Generation Underwriting and Distribution Management Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Platform that powers our suite of insurance optimized data solutions to help insurance companies manage, utilize & expand their data to improve underwriting accuracy and manage risk. But that's not all, we are also building a company of developers, nsurance experts, data scientist's and machine learning/AI engineers,where collegiality and respect are at the core and drives us to success!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

We're switching tracks from what was to be a React PWA and immediately conducting a re-write to Blazor. You will work hand-in-hand to put us on a new stable foundation for the future. We are seeking a Senior/Lead Level resource who comes with extensive hands on experience delivering .Net Core/Blazor applications
Develop solutions, components & features including unit tests & integration testing
Debugging & troubleshooting application bugs,or system issues

 What You Need for this Position

.NET Core
.NET
Bootstrap
Rest

 What's In It for You

Flexible PTO schedule, Holidays, Sick Days, etc
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, etc
Tuition reimbursement
etc


    So, if you are a REMOTE Senior/Lead .Net Core Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Title: Ruby Developer
Location: 100% REMOTE
Department: Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
Work Authorization: U.S. Citizenship REQUIRED
Clearance: No clearance needed to interview.
***If uncleared, MUST be comfortable waiting 6-8 weeks to obtain DHS Public Trust clearance 
Employment Terms: Permanent Placement
Interview Process: One and done Microsoft Teams audio interview- can be scheduled ASAP
Onboarding: 6-8 weeks for completion of background check for Department of Homeland Security Public Trust
Must-Haves: 

Bachelor’s Degree with 7 years' experience in IT, 11 years' experience needed in lieu of a Bachelor's Degree
3 years of experience with Ruby as a programming platform to develop multi-tier web-based applications
Understanding of Ruby Best Practices
Experience working within proper Software Configuration Management processes, utilizing source code control, and change management software
Experience working in Agile environments
MUST be a US Citizen and be able to pass an extensive background investigation for a security clearance.
MUST be willing to wait 6-8 weeks to onboard before starting work

Day to Day: 

Provide support for the full life cycle of software product development
Design, create and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable Ruby code
Integrate user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server-side logic
Identify bottlenecks and bugs, and devise solutions to these problems
Help maintain code quality, organization, and configuration management activities.
Conduct software testing to ensure the satisfaction of application development requirements
Evaluate new software products and technologies, and provide recommendations to enhance existing systems
Document software procedures and develop software reports, plans, and products, such as software development plans, software requirements specifications, software design documents, software development files, source code, version description documents, and test plans.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $140,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you able to pass an extensive background check for a DHS Public Trust clearance?
Are you comfortable with a 6-8 week onboarding?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Ruby: 3 years (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


JOB DESCRIPTION

    The Team
    The mobile engineering team builds and maintains industry-leading mobile capabilities and applications across domains that include inventory management, acquisition, merchandising, and customer relations management. Our approach is based on solid architectural and development best practices that focus on shared components, reusable code, and cross-project collaboration to accelerate time-to-market while also minimizing duplicated code. We strive to deliver the best mobile experience possible. 
    The Job
    Cox Automotive is seeking a Software Engineer with experience in native mobile iOS development with Swift to join our Austin, TX based team full-time. The primary responsibilities are building, maintaining, and improving native components and applications and helping mature our mobile development practice. 
    About You
    Responsibilities:
   

Develop and maintain new and existing shared components and mobile applications
Develop, implement, and maintain unit tests
Work as a part of scrum team executing the products requirements working with UX, Product Management and other teams
Drive projects to completion by collaborating with peers to overcome blockers
Contribute to multiple codebases by helping to identify areas of improvement and to establish common design patterns
Help define architecture of components and applications
Influence product direction in the vehicle inventory management and merchandising domains
Provide thought leadership on mobile development excellence and best practices
Help develop others by participating in code reviews, sharing knowledge and mentoring
Stay current with the evolution of iOS, Swift and other mobile technologies
Develop POCs for new and innovative ideas
 Respond quickly to production issues and see them through to resolution
  
 MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

    Qualifications
   


4+ years of software dev experience
3+ years of native iOS development experience
Expertise with Swift and Objective-C
Bachelor's degree
Solid problem-solving abilities, coding, testing, and debugging skills.
High-energy, confident, and self-motivated 


DESIRED SKILLS

KMM
XCod
Experience writing and/or debugging RESTful services is a plus
Agile/Scrum experience
Commercial application development




  Our Client based out of Atlanta is actively looking for a Sr. Systems Software Engineer (C++/C#) for a Permanent/Direct-Hire (Hybrid/Remote) role.
  

**Candidates Must be located in the Atlanta area. Candidates must also have a background in Systems Software Engineering with C++/C#.
  
 The Senior Systems Software Engineer is responsible for helping the company both build and maintain a high-end transaction system, normalizing database systems to be more performant, and assisting with afterhours field calls.
  

Responsibilities:

 Troubleshoot network related issues involving UDP/TCP/Web Requests
 Implement & maintain MFC C++/C# applications with scalability in mind for hundreds of clients
 Implement database solutions and SQL stored procedures that account for scalability
 Create and maintain both new and existing database reports and UI report generation
 Help ensure nightly report jobs do not impact 24/7 gameplay/operations
 Performing SQL code analysis and SQL performance profiling
 Ability to create GUIs in both Winforms and WPF
 Create Server Kit builds using InstallShield
 Participate in the agile SDLC process
 Reachable after-hours for any time-sensitive field issue


 Required:

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar
 7+ years of work experience in a high speed transactional and horizontal systems development
 7+ years with a relational database technology and the T-SQL syntax
 Expert in C++ (MFC) specifically dealing with UDP/TCP traffic
 Expert in C# (anything above .Net Framework 4.5+)
 Expert in Cloud solutions that deploy to Azure
 Expert in database partitioning of database physical files to improve performance
 Expert in database normalization techniques
 Expert in performance implications when using views and joins
 Expert in SQL debugging and SQL profiling
 Expert in SQL permissions and how database users map to SQL logins


 Preferred:

 Experience with Windows Server 2019
 Experience with SQL Server 2019
 Proficient with WCF utilizing SOAP
 Proficient with MVC 4 and REST API
 Proficient with WinForms and WPF technologies
 Working knowledge in PowerShell
 Working knowledge in bat scripting
 Experience with InstallShield 2019+ for deploying onsite solutions
 Experience working with a data access layer to encapsulate database logic from application
 Deep understanding of DHCP and DNS as it pertains to network discovery for client/server
 Deep understanding of UDP & TCP/IP stack and Network Socket/performance optimization
 Deep understanding/Experience with MSSQL
 Understanding of Windows Server API
 Security background with understanding of encryption algorithms are a plus

 We are an equal opportunity employer and make hiring decisions based on merit. Recruitment, hiring, training, and job assignments are made without regard to race, color, national origin, age, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, disability, or any other protected classification. We consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
 


  Frontend Engineering Manager 
  
Fully Remote 

Job Title: REMOTE Frontend Engineering Manager - $160-$200K (React)
   
Salary: $160K-$200k Base + Equity + Benefits
   
Requirements: Engineering Management, REACT, Leadership, Node.js, Empathy
   
 Company Intro: We are a climate change startup focusing on helping our partners and travel planners experience sunshine, guaranteed. Our technology provides climate forecasts and insights to make sure planners can give their users a risk-less weather experience.
   
 Based on our current growth, we are in need of an ENGINEERING MANAGER who is skilled in REACT, MANAGEMENT, AND NODE.JS to help us manage and scale our frontend team.
   
 We are currently a team of 18 and are looking to double our headcount by the end of the year.
   
 So, if you are interested in joining a company based in data looking to help with climate change, apply today!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    You will be managing and scaling our frontend team with empathy, growth-oriented mindset, and technical leadership.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    At least 4 years of experience with:
   

REACT

 At least 2 years of experience with:
   

Engineering Management
Leadership
Node.js
Empathetic leadership


 What's In It for You

    -Competitive Base Salary: $160K- $200k Base + Equity + Benefits
   

Full Health Coverage: Medical Vision Dental
Unlimited PTO
Flexible work schedule



    So, if you are a Frontend Engineering Manager with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Peter Zhang
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 


  Security Software Development Engineer 
  
JOB TITLE: Security Software Development Engineer 
   
REQUIREMENTS: security software testing and development experience 
   
LOCATION: 100% REMOTE
   
SALARY:$100-$150K+ DOE + Equity
   
 We are a well-funded Series A Startup that has created a business productivity app that helps businesses track rules/regulations and compliance throughout their company. We have a goal to double our engineering team before the end of the year and offer an extensive equity package along with your base salary. We have a remote-first work environment and a tight-knit company culture where collaboration rules! If you're a security engineer with experience, let's chat today!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Secruity testing, tools and techniques 
Review code in order to improve software security 
Research, recommend, and operate secruity software

 What You Need for this Position

 2-5 Years of Experience with the following: 


cloud-based microservices
 - containerzation- Docker, Kubernetes
   

Cloud, AWS, or Azure
Security Software
Security testing tools


 Desired Experience:


software development experience
communciation with cross-functional teams 
host and attend security training sessions throughout organization


 What's In It for You

Base Salary + Equity 
Unlimited PTO 
401k match
Medical/Dental/Vision 
Quarterly Wellness benefit
Remote office supplies stipend to set you up for success!


    So, if you are a Security Software Development Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Unfortunately, at this time we are unable to provide sponsorship to candidates.

Posting Title
Senior Software Engineer-1
About Our Company
Our Technology team mission is to create innovative technology solutions and engaging digital experiences for our clients, advisors, and employees. We embrace an inclusive and collaborative culture that allows us to partner across the business and lend our expertise in the areas of corporate computing, network infrastructure and security. We celebrate the unique qualities and reward the contributions of our talented, passionate employees. If you’re motivated and want to work for a strong, ethical company that cares about you and your community, take the next step with us.
We are an equal opportunity employer. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, genetic information, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, gender identity, disability, veteran status, marital status, family status or any other basis prohibited by law.
Job Description
If you are not located close to a physical office, remote work is considered for qualified candidates.
Serve as a resource on software development projects and lead the development team through the design, development, documentation, testing, and modification of existing and new software applications, championing standard techniques, procedures, and criteria. Participate in architecture design, performance monitoring, product evaluation, and buy versus build decisions. Track and communicate development project status, dependencies, and risks and mitigation strategies to the project team and leadership. Provide technical expertise to the business.
Responsibilities

Execute and/or oversee the creation of low level design documents (including code samples/outlines) and detailed engineering specifications based on complex business, user, and non-functional (e.g. performance, reliability, balance, and controls) requirements. Write code that adheres to standards, procedures, and techniques. Maintain integrity of existing program logic according to specifications. Complete deliverables using the Software Development Life-Cycle (SDLC).
Partner with the business and project team to gather requirements and fully understand project goals, and then use this information to effectively plan and lead the development process. Participate in project design walk-throughs. Evaluate interrelationships between applications and design for effective interfaces between interrelated applications/systems. Appropriately address failure scenarios in design work. Proactively review then plan and execute corrective action in response to production support issues, as required.
Lead the code review process to ensure development work adheres to standards and specifications, which includes peer review, as well as code review external to development team. Write and/or revise system design documentation and operations documentation to include providing required input into operation support manuals and user guides. Create and properly archive all project related documentation.
Ensure all code is effectively unit tested prior to being released to the quality assurance team. Resolve all unit test issues in a timely manner. Assist the quality assurance team in identifying test cases and in creating/mining test data to enable a thorough test of all development deliverables. Respond to all inquiries and issues in a timely manner as the developed code/program moves through the testing process and into production. Approve code to be put into production.
Provide oversight, mentorship, and technical leadership to a development team, which consists of employees, contractors, and vendor partner resources, to ensure the timely execution of project deliverables. Provide governance oversight to ensure adherence to development strategy, standards, tools, and procedures. Guide the development teams to consistently apply appropriate development principles and standards during all phases of the development life-cycle.
Conduct annual asset health and security assessment. Improve health of system assets by identifying enhancements to improve performance, reliability, and resource consumption. Track standards exceptions (e.g. security gaps) to ensure they are addressed in a planful and timely manner. Evaluate, troubleshoot, and lead root-cause analysis for production issues and system failures. Determine corrective action and improvements to prevent recurrence. Provide implementation/production support, as required.
Maintain up-to-date skills in software development technologies and a broad understanding of the business, business needs, and how applications/assets drive and support the business (understand the greater impact of assets/applications and development work). Provide expertise in the selection and implementation of development tools and best practices, as well as recommendations on priority and asset investments. Establish and maintain productive working relationships with business partners and project teams.
Performs other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications

Bachelors degree or equivalent (4-years) in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; or equivalent work experience.
7+ years of relevant experience required.
7+ years of experience coding and/or designing in multiple programming languages, including focused experience in relevant/targeted software stack (specific required software stack will vary by position).
7+ years of practical experience and proven success with the design and build of complex software applications in multiple environments.
Experience working with vendor partner (on- and off-shore) resources.

Preferred Qualifications

7+ years of experience in technology and/or software development, progressing in complexity and responsibility.
Proven success in the design of complex, best-in-class enterprise-level software applications.
Superior analytical and business skills to reconcile conflicting objectives and find/design acceptable compromises within existing constraints.
Expert level application of technology/engineering knowledge-base to multiple and evolving programs and languages.
Superior technical communication skills.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Java: 7 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Lead Game Designer 
  
   If you are a Lead Game Designer with experience, please read on! Were building a Metaverse Building Platform. Our project is groundbreaking . Our founding team brings in experience from SpaceX, university-level software development teaching, multiple Founders Fund portfolio work, and being a captain in the army. We have some of the best investors in the world: This will require tons of work form a highly-motivated. and driven individual, but it will all be handsomely rewarded.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Remote
Competitive Salary
Excellent company culture
401k
Full medical benefits

 What You Will Be Doing

    Primary: Fork and extend an existing game engine in C++. We're looking for a tech lead and/or senior-level engineer to spearhead building our own engine based off of, and enhancing, an existing community open-source engine with also contributing to the open-source work of it.
   
 " Works with other engineers to architect and develop game systems: 3D rendering, client-server networking, integration with backend services via Websockets, WebRTC, and UDP, game state persistence, real-time multiplayer game sync, and more
  
 What You Need for this Position

Strong C++ experience
Strong game engine development experience in 3D (3D is a must) 
No degree required if candidate has strong game development experience. 10+ years needed for lead role, 5+ for senior



C++
Game Design
Game Development
Unity3d
GoDot
Unreal
Video Games
GDScript
GodotEngine


    So, if you are a Lead Game Designer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Noah Helfend
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

eNGINE builds Technical Teams. We are a Solutions and Placement firm shaped by decades of interaction with Technical professionals. Our inspiration is continuous learning and engagement with the markets we serve, the talent we represent, and the teams we build. Our Consulting Workforce is encouraged to enjoy career fulfillment in the form of challenging projects, schedule flexibility, and paid training/certifications. Successful outcomes start and finish with eNGINE.
eNGINE is hiring for an Oracle Developer with retail module experience to join our team, to fulfill a specialized initiative through designing and developing an enterprise merchandising system, within our Retail vertical market.
This position requires 3+ years of experience in database development in Oracle Retail (RMS, RPM, REIM, RIM, RTM, RIB and RSA modules). Experience creating stored procedures, triggers, batch functions, etc. Excellent communication skills.
Apply today and see how eNGINE can make a difference in your career!
No C2C
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Oracle Retail Module(s): 3 years (Required)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Embedded Software Systems Engineer to join our team of talented engineers.
As a U.S. government contractor, Boeing will require all new hires and employees located in the United States to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by December 8, 2021. Individuals who are unable to be fully vaccinated due to a disability/medical condition or sincerely held religious belief may apply for a reasonable accommodation during the post-offer process. Individuals who are approved for a reasonable accommodation will be subject to frequent COVID-19 testing and possibly other health and safety measures. Employees working in certain positions may be required to undergo frequent COVID-19 testing prior to December 8 th if they are not fully vaccinated.

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD (Customer Site)
Telework Availability: None at this time

What You Will Do:
(U) The Computer Scientist shall have an expertise and knowledge and be able to apply this knowledge in the design, development, test and documentation of software code. The Computer Scientist shall apply sound planning, analysis and programming and coding practices.

Required Education / Years of Experience:
(U) Qualifications: Three (3) years of experience in software and firmware design, development and test to include writing clear, concise, functioning and fully commented code that follow applicable Government standards and a Master’s degree in Engineering, Physical Science, Computer Science, or Systems Engineering from an accredited college or university is required OR Five (5) years of experience in software and firmware design, development and test to include writing clear, concise, functioning and fully commented code that follow applicable Government standards and a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Physical Science, Computer Science, or Systems Engineering from an accredited college or university is required. Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph

Have a minimum of five (5) years of:
Experience with Linux on ARM-based platforms
Experience utilizing coding languages: C, Python, GNU Tools, and Linux Kernel,
Programming experience for embedded Linux both user-space and kernel-mode software in C
Low-level development experience - e.g. interrupt handlers, device drivers, controlling peripherals, reading/writing Flash memory, etc
Experience with networking stack in Linux kernel including drivers and kernel modules
Experience with Embedded Systems Development
Experience standing up cross-compilers and build environments for bootstrapping a cross-development environment
Understanding of GNU Make
Experience with Docker images
Knowledge of network protocols: TCP/IP, ETHERNET, 802.1Q, GRE, MPLS, L2VPN, VXLAN, BGP, IS-IS
General Experience
Practical experience with test automation
Experience with Agile and Waterfall development procedures
Experience in setting up test beds
Experience documenting test results, KPI metrics, and test coverage and communication issues effectively
Experience writing test plans and strategies for unit, integration, and validation tests
Must be able to develop, maintain, and extend automation infrastructure
Implementation experience with CI/CD pipelines
Effectively communicate, both written and verbally, to the technical team, management, and customer concerning the status of work
Moderate and participate in software peer reviews Desired Experience/ Skills (Nice to Have):
Experience with writing Linux based scripts to facilitate application integration using a one or more appropriate server-side languages (i.e. Shell, Python, etc.)
Modify the repository schema of an existing application to support new data items, develop data mining and data ingest processes for new data, and support integration with middle-tier and back-end APIs
Experience with Intel DPDK is a plus
Experience working in an Agile software development environment
Experience managing software code using Git & MAVEN
Experience using Jira and Confluence
BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.


JOB TITLE:
 Front End Web Developer 
   
LOCATION: 100% Remote, Seattle, WA 

DURATION: 11 months contract 






SUMMARY:

Our client is looking for skilled Front End Web Developers to assist with a highly impactful project involving charting.
 
M
 
inimum years 3 years of experience with Java script, HTML, React is a plus/JS knowledge. Could be writing APIs on Java. Front end focus. 




RESPONSIBILITIES:
 
 Use design software to create mockups and html prototypes for new features
     

Build/Code static and dynamic pages from these mockups and additional specifications
Create and manage CSS styles and CSS frameworks
Ensure customer-facing new features meet style requirements
Create code for front-end behaviors with Dynamic HTML
Cross-browser test and troubleshoot site presentation
Develop optimized/cross-platform front-end code in CSS/XHTML, and JavaScript
Develop functional prototypes to demonstrate concepts and to enable rapid iterative support for usability research.
Collaborate with product managers, designers, backend engineers, and researchers to refine the user experience.
A proven portfolio demonstrating the above skills will be required






QUALIFICATIONS:
 


     -4+ years of experience years experience in front-end web development
     

Browser rendering and cross-browser knowledge
Expert with HTML/XHTML at the hand-coding level.
Expert in CSS for content styling and layout.
Exhibit an understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues.
JavaScript skill is preferred
Able to operate in a Linux environment

 Skills and Abilities Required:
     

Expert with a major design application (Fireworks or Photoshop)
Expert XHTML/CSS for cross-browser rendering
User Interface design and diagramming
JavaScript to add behaviors to otherwise static pages
Semantic coding with CSS/XHTML




     IND123
    





  Sr iOS Applications Developer Remote 
  
   If you are a Mid/Sr iOS Applications Developer looking for a fully remote opportunity, please read on!
   
 We are a wearable medical device company disrupting the hearing health industry with game changing Bluetooth audio technology that recently went public! 
   
 We are looking to continue our rapid growth and build out our team of Mobile Engineers that can help pave the way in our development, maintenance and optimization of our offerings. We have our HQ in San Jose but this position is fully remote and will give you the freedom to achieve greatness from wherever you work best.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Partner with Product Managers and Designers to develop consumer-facing products 
Resolve defects, support testing effort, and deploy production code on a frequent basis
Be a technical pillar for the engineering team through collaboration and mentorship of other engineers
Analyze the technical feasibility of product features and help to guide feature development and roadmap from a technical

 What You Need for this Position

3+ years working experience
iOS
Objective-C
Swift

 Bonus points for: 
  

SDK
Android 
Bluetooth / BLE connected devices

 What's In It for You

Competitive Salary
REMOTE
Vacation/PTO
Medical
Vision
Dental
401k


    So, if you are a Mid/Sr iOS Applications Developer, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Bobby June
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Principal Software Engineer 
  
   Job Title: Principal Software Engineer
    Location: 100% REMOTE
    Salary Range: $180k - $200k/yr base. In addition we offer bonuses and equity.
    Requirements: Python, Django/Flask, Pandas/Numpy, AWS, NoSQL, experience building ML models, expertise with multiple data storage platforms/archtiectures, SaaS, Start-up background. 
   
 Based in beautiful Alexandria, VA, we are one of the hottest media analytics and software start-ups in the DC area. Due to growth, we are actively seeking to hire a Principal Software Engineer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have more than 5 years of experience with Python (using Django/Flask), Numpy/Pandas, expertise with AWS, ML experience, some front-end experience (we use React)and strong Unix/Linux fundamentals. Any experience with AdTech, Saas, and start-ups are a plus. If this sounds like you, please apply now or send your resume to shiv.warrier@cybercoders.com!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Define technical architecture & technical roadmap
Deliver features on a cadence within an agile framework
Write code across all areas of the product
Define quality & process standards
Support definition of user stories
Working with product team, estimate time & resources needed to achieve goals

 What You Need for this Position

10+ years experience in software engineering
5+ years experience with Python, including one web framework & pandas/numpy
1+ years experience with React
1+ years research or industry experience building ML models
Expertise with multiple data storage platforms/architectures
Expertise in AWS
Strong Unix/Linux fundamentals
Nice to have: MS in Computer Science or equivalent
Nice to have: Exposure to ad tech concepts & terminology

 What's In It for You

Competitive salary
Collaborative and creative atmosphere, with inspired leadership
Career advancement opportunities
Recognition and reward for outstanding performance, with high bonus potential
Great medical, dental & vision Insurance packages
Competitive 401K with company match to plan for the long term
Unlimited paid-time-off
Transportation benefits & cell phone reimbursement


    So, if you are a Principal Software Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Shiv Warrier
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Our developers work with speed and efficiency to deliver the highest quality of work. We are looking for someone who is passionate about their client’s business, and ready to work on exciting projects with Fortune 500 companies and Silicon Valley startups, with great rates and zero hassles. If you are looking for a place to advance your career, enhance your skill set, and build connections around the globe, we are right for you.
Requirements

3+ years of professional experience in software development
Proficient with Objective-C or Swift, and Cocoa Touch
Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc.
Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services
Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards
Understanding of Apple’s design principles and interface guidelines
Knowledge of low-level C-based libraries is preferred
Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools
Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications
Knack for benchmarking and optimization
Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage
Full-time availability is a strong advantage

If you’re interested in pursuing an engaging career working on full-time freelance jobs for exclusive clients, take the next step by clicking apply and filling out the short form to get started.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $220,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote


  Engineering Manager 
  
   If you are a Engineering Manager with experience, please read on!
   
 We're looking for a Engineering Manager that can help grow our social platform! Our goal is to change the way brands and consumers to find each other within our our software. We're a funded growing early stage startup looking to have someone to use the latest technologies to help grow our company!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    You will be taking on leading our engineering department while collaborating with our product team to lead our technical direction. You will be managing and scaling out our engineering teams to improve our platform.
  
 What You Need for this Position

5+ years of software engineering experience
2+ years in management or leadership
Experience in building and deploying cloud architecture
Algorithms and ML frameworks knowledge
Python, Django, PostgreSQL, Java, Swift, AWS

 What's In It for You

    Salary: 150-240k
   

100% remote
Growth Opportunities
Flexible Schedule
Using latest technologies



    So, if you are a Head of Engineering with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Kylie Masumiya
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Allstates consulting Services is looking for a Release Manager to work for our client, this is a remotely worked position and is Exempt Salaried so no overtime will be paid.
Job DescriptionSummary: The role of the RDM Release Manager is to be accountable and to coordinate cross functional, multiple phase network implementations, engineering support and service delivery work. They direct tasks, decipher requirements, manage communications and updates, escalate/take escalations, track and manage synergies and dependencies supporting network implementation deliverables. The RDM Release Manager works closely with assigned Engineers, Program and Project Managers and other support and service providers. The RDM Release Manager focuses and forecasts the delivery track of multi-phase work against change and release calendar(s). The RDM Release Manager needs to understand the technical implementation/change processes, support the Implementation Engineer throughout implementation (pre-during-post) and the full change management process.Position Details:

Exempt Salaried position based upon experience; weekly salary broken down hourly for invoicing purposes only.
Long term contract with possible contract extension or hire
Standard work hours: Mon-Fri mainly. Hours of support will vary. Does occasionally include nights/weekends.
Location: Telecommuter anywhere in the U.S.
Client Addendum will need to be followed. Copy will be provided at the time of candidates offer acceptance.

Essential Functions:

Must have the ability to understand and translate business requirements into engineering and or implementation details.
Ability to manage Network technical/engineering/implementation resource tasks and service delivery. This includes FTE/FTC/vendors and partners.
The candidate must have excellent client interfacing skills, vendor/third-party resources, strong verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work with all levels of management. Candidate should have experience operating with colleagues across different time zones with a flexible approach to working hours (ability to work varied hours and weekends a must) in order to successfully interact and communicate on a global level) if needed.
Accountable to manage the “end or end” successful technical or solution delivery of assigned tasks partnering with Network engineering/implementation teams, program/project manager or directly with the requestor.
Takes direct accountability for the engineering resources and all assigned work tasks. Is accountable for the STI/Release and Deployment tasks (prior to; up to, during and post the change window through Production Day-One).
Develops, tracks, reports and manages engineering delivery tasks.
Anticipates and proactively resolves issues and conflicts within and between engineering delivery work-flows and all other stakeholders.
Provides regular and pro-active status to STI/Release and Deployment management. Anticipates issues and reports them to STI/Release and Deployment management. Escalates as needed or as appropriate.
Advocate on behalf of CTO Operations/STI; ensures we communicate/report statuses, issues, positions effectively and in a clear way.
Works with the various program/project managers to establish release/impact/risk trackers and calendars for the work they are accountable for. Work with other program/project managers and the engineering and delivery teams (i.e. field services) to understand internal/external and associated dependencies. Reacts to them proactively and effectively.
Responsible report and monitor progress against the release calendar; communicate release details and schedules to the stakeholders as required. Proactively manage conflict.
Identifies and/or challenges schedules that could create conflicts; evaluates all recommended changes and ensures implementation schedules do not interfere with business operations/other changes.
Works with engineering/implementation to ensure that all the necessary documentation has been successfully completed for each release and task.
Works with engineering/implementation to raise Request for Change (CRQ) for engineering specific changes. Ensures appropriate change details are documented.
Reviews change requests for completeness, from description, documentation, risk/impact, and post-implementation
Participate in the change management board; conducts release readiness reviews as appropriate.
Arranges and facilitates appropriate post-implementation review activities if/as needed
Maintains 100% compliance to all firm-wide Change Management policies (pre, during and post change).
Participates in incident and problem analysis for possible consequences of a change and its implementation.

Education Requirements:

High school diploma or GED equivalent required.
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, business or a finance related field/technical training or equivalent experience preferred.

Experience Requirements:

Minimum 8+ years experience required in a Technical role supporting network project/programs.
Industry Certifications in PMP, ITIL are strongly preferred, technical certifications such as CCNA are a plus. Experience with Change Management and CAB processes and procedures a must.
Strong background in IT service delivery role.
Financial services (Insurance, Banking, Investment banking), is a plus.
Ability to be nimble and flexible; prioritize work load, proactively react to issues and consistently react to shifting deadlines.
Ability to create meaningful data that contributes to the Change Management and Service Delivery processes.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $36.00 - $40.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
The Challenge:
Are you looking for an opportunity to not just develop software, but to help build a system that will modernize government business processes? As a ServiceNow Architect, you will solve problems with a complete end-to-end solution in a fast-paced, agile environment. We’re looking for a developer with the skills needed to build solutions within the ServiceNow platform that will directly impact the client’s mission by modernizing and automating various customer processes.
This role is more than just coding. We need a ServiceNow Architect who will use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and identify needed system improvements. You'll use the Agile life cycle to work with the development team on developing and configuring ServiceNow applications and solutions to implement system stakeholder requirements. You’ll analyze the needs and the environment to help make sure the solution the team develops considers the current architecture and operating environment, as well as future functionality and enhancements. Join us as we build systems to change our healthcare for the better. This position is open to remote delivery from any location in the U.S., to include the District of Columbia.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
10+ years of experience in IT
5+ years of experience with ServiceNow development, including core ITSM tables, Glide, scripting, business rules, client scripts, custom apps, or development methods
3+ years of experience with Web development, including (X)HTML, CSS3, SQL, XML, or Angular and back-end technologies, including JavaScript, PHP, .NET, Java, or ColdFusion
Experience with ServiceNow CMDB administration
Experience with implementing scripted Web services in ServiceNow, jQuery, or Prototype libraries, Java, and CMDB or asset integrations in ServiceNow
Knowledge of SOAP and REST Web services
Ability to obtain a security clearance
Bachelor's Degree
Certified ServiceNow System Administrator and Certified Application Developer
Nice If You Have:
Experience with Object Oriented Programming (OOP), SQL and no-SQL databases
Experience with application design concepts and tools including the use of UML, ERD and Flow Diagrams
Experience with introducing open-source solutions into ServiceNow via Script Includes or as JS or CSS includes
Experience with implementing ServiceNow inside of DevOps pipeline
Experience with Agile Scrum development methods
Knowledge of SAML, Active Directory, or LDAP Integrations
Ability to work with stakeholders to define requirements
ITILv3 or ITIL4 Foundations Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Compensation:
The proposed salary range for this position in Colorado is 160,000 to 230,000. Final salary will be determined based on various factors.
At BoozAllen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choice, and support your total well-being. Our comprehensive benefit offerings include healthcare, retirement plan, insurance programs, commuter program, employee assistance program, paid and unpaid leave programs, education assistance, and childcare benefits.
Build Your Career:
A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:
experts in virtually every field
a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
opportunities that provide stability while offering variety
You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1, #LI-Remote, ID16Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Senior Software Engineer (Full Stack) to join their top-tier team.

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD
Telework Availability: Yes - 16 hours a week

Duties Include:
Responsible for API development; create and maintain API documentation for publication
Design and code new software to modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop, update, and maintain 508 Compliant User Interfaces
Develop services for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Perform database and software life-cycle activities to ensure highest level of system performance and availability and compliance with business requirements

Required Education / Years of Experience:
20 years of experience with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required OR 24 years total of software development experience may be substituted for candidates without a qualifying bachelor’s degree.

Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
An Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph

Technical Experience:
At least twenty (20) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution. The individual must be able to communicate directions and provide guidance to junior programmer/analysts, as required.

Front End:
Experience with Angular 2

Middle Tier:
Experience with JAVA
Experience with Spring Framework
Experience with Spring Boot

Back-End:
Experience with MongoDB
Experience with Elasticsearch

General Experience:
Experience designing and conducting software tests; including Unit, Integration, and System tests using Junit
Experience with Linux (basic system administration knowledge)
Experience responding to user issues
Excellent organizational skills to keep track of emails and tickets
Good interpersonal skills. Must be able to interact with software development team members
Ability to work in a dynamically changing environment
Experience with Agile methods, Scrum, and XP
Maintaining knowledge of industry trends and standards
Experience with JIRA

BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

We are seeking a Senior Software Developer to support a DoD program. This is a remote position with the customer location in the metro DC area. The selected candidate must be able to obtain a DoD security clearance (active clearance is preferred). You will be engaged in development of features and collaborative tools as part of a web-enabled mission planning software platform, which is built on COTS with a sophisticated geospatial mapping capability to support distributed strategic and operational planning.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Work independently and as a member of a multiple functional, dynamic team
Develop solutions to complex problems in creative and effective ways by analyzing existing programs and new systems.
Devises logic and coding for complex issues where analysis of situation or data require in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED

Bachelor's Degree with 1+ yrs. experience. Professional training and certifications in relevant software development areas
Partial to Full Stack developer with experience with Angular, Java, REST API, XML, SQL Server Web-based applications, Service-Oriented Architecture, custom C2 applications and Common Operational Picture.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
Providing development support to both customer and 3rd party plugin developers.
Experience with test-driven development and automated testing frameworks.
Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies.
Experience with Windows Server 2016 and newer.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent debug and problem-solving skills.
Familiarity with the following software/tools:
Hands-on experience, and understanding of technologies like NPM, AngularJS (or other MVC platform), jQuery, Bootstrap, SCSS, HTML5.
Experience with build automation technologies like Gradle, TeamCity, etc.
Experience with modern programming languages like Java (7,8), J2EE, Python, C#.
Experience with MSSQL and NoSQL databases.
Experience with building APIs and services using REST, SOAP, etc.
Experience with scripting languages like JavaScript, PowerShell, etc

THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED

Advanced development experience with SitaWare software products to include writing custom services, GUI components and data model development.
Experience with Geospatial applications and GIS platforms.
Knowledge of ArcGIS capabilities or map-based planning solutions.
Cloud-based (AWS or MS Azure) platform experience.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

SitaWare software products: 1 year (Preferred)
Geospatial applications and GIS platforms: 1 year (Preferred)
test-driven development and automated testing frameworks: 1 year (Required)
Scrum/Agile development methodologies: 1 year (Required)
Windows Server 2016 and newer: 1 year (Preferred)
NPM, AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap, SCSS, HTML5: 1 year (Required)
build automation technologies like Gradle, TeamCity: 1 year (Required)
Java (7,8), J2EE, Python, C#: 1 year (Required)
MSSQL and NoSQL databases: 1 year (Required)
building APIs and services using REST, SOAP: 1 year (Required)
scripting languages like JavaScript, PowerShell: 1 year (Required)

Security clearance:

Secret (Required)

Work Location: Remote


We help the world run better
 Our company culture is focused on helping our employees enable innovation by building breakthroughs together. How? We focus every day on building the foundation for tomorrow and creating a workplace that embraces differences, values flexibility, and is aligned to our purpose-driven and future-focused work. We offer a highly collaborative, caring team environment with a strong focus on learning and development, recognition for your individual contributions, and a variety of benefit options for you to choose from. Apply now!

 Team Details As part of the SAP Concur Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) group, the Security Infrastructure team’s mission is to provide an Enterprise-level of support for security applications and services being used within the SAP Concur environments. The team will be responsible for guaranteeing the overall health and stability of the multiple security tools in the environment. As a member of this team, we collaborate with other SAP Security teams to ensure we have a unified security toolset within SAP.

 Tasks

 Collaborate across a variety of stakeholders to ensure requests and requirements are driven toward problem resolution
 Configuration, documentation, optimization, and support of the security control plane infrastructure components in a hybrid cloud environment
 Work with the Security Infrastructure team to build automation for engineering products and also build infrastructure as code.
 Apply cybersecurity and privacy principles to organizational requirements (relevant to confidentiality, integrity, availability, authentication, and non-repudiation).
 Participate in on-call rotation for Development and Production support activity to ensure smooth operations and maximize uptime
 Documentation creation and management (SharePoint, Wiki)


 Educational and Qualifications

 3-5 Years Windows Server Administration
 3-5 Years Linux Server Administration
 2-4 Years AWS Administration
 2-4 years of scripting language (Powershell/Python)
 An overall understanding of infrastructure, networking, and security services
 Background check is required to work in government-level secured systems. Please note: one of the requirements of this Clearance is that the individual be a US citizen. If chosen candidate does not have active clearance, the candidate must be able to obtain and maintain the required clearance.
 A college degree or equivalent or completion of technical training is preferred, additional experience may be considered in lieu of a degree


 We build breakthroughs together
 SAP innovations help more than 400,000 customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with 200 million users and more than 100,000 employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, we build breakthroughs, together.
 We win with inclusion
 SAP’s culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better and more equitable world. SAP is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provide accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team: Careers@sap.com. For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
 EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:
 Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability.
 Requisition ID: 339233 | Work Area: Software-Development Operations | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | Additional Locations: Virtual - USA #LI-Hybrid

We’re a team of bright, kind individuals who are motivated by challenge and who care deeply about achieving great things. We know our individual strengths, but believe we only win as a team. We’re transforming the way people find what they love - and we need your big ideas. We just might be the perfect fit.
At Stitch Fix, our goal is to help our customers look great and feel great about themselves by revolutionizing how people shop. In a time-starved world where shopping often feels overwhelming, our business connects customers to clothes they love. Whether it’s helping someone dress for success at a new job or taking the stress out of packing for a family vacation, we fix clients’ closets – and they love us for it!

We’ve built unique, innovative software for merchandising, warehouse and inventory management, remote styling, and logistics. We leverage vast amounts of client data to make decisions throughout the company. All of this results in a simple, powerful offering to our clients and a very successful business. We believe we are only scratching the surface of our opportunity, and we’re looking for incredible people to contribute!


FULLSTACK ENGINEER

Stitch Fix is transforming the way people find what they love. Our technology teams have created unique, innovative software for our customers as well as employees in merchandising, styling, warehouse systems, and inventory management. We leverage data and user research to personalize our service and make smart bets. The result is a delightful offering for our customers and a successful business serving millions of people. We're looking for outstanding people to contribute to our evolution.

ABOUT THE ROLE

You will work within a distributed team of 4-8 software engineers and cross-functional partners including product, design, algorithms and operations. You have strong written communication skills and are able to develop strong working relationships with coworkers and business partners.

You will be evolving our Styling systems and help bring Stylists closer to our Clients — giving life to a fantastic, personalized shopping experience.

This is a remote position available within the United States. We operate in an agile-inspired manner, collaborating across multiple time zones. We build modern software with modern techniques like TDD, continuous delivery, DevOps, and service-oriented architecture. We focus on high-value products that solve clearly identified problems but are designed in a sustainable way and deliver long term value.

RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:
Operate as an engaged member of the engineering team - participating in Sprint ceremonies, providing input on technical design documents & project plans, pairing with other engineers to work toward a solution, etc.
Collaborate with stakeholders while participating in the technical discovery, decision-making, and execution of complex and/or critical projects within the team.
Model consistently delivering sustainable results against measurable goals.
Proactively communicate status updates or changes to the scope or timeline of projects to stakeholders and leadership.
Actively engage in professional development and growth.
Find new and better ways of doing things that align with business priorities.
Influence other engineers toward alternative solutions.
Participate in on-call rotations and improving the on-call experience for others.
Write and review code in Ruby, JavaScript, and CSS used in applications built in React or Rails.
REQUIREMENTS
5+ years of experience as a software engineer.
Hands-on experience with running modern web stacks (e.g. Javascript, Node, React, Ruby on Rails, Postgres).
You are bright, kind, and motivated by challenge
You have excellent analytical skills as well as communication skills both verbal and written.
You take initiative and operate with accountability.
You are motivated by solving problems and finding creative client-focused solutions.
Might have experience working remotely alongside a distributed software engineering team.
Might have experience with GraphQL schema design.
Might have experience with evolving a resilient distributed service architecture.
OUR TECH STACK INCLUDES...
React, JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, HTML
GraphQL and Postgres
Ruby, Rails and some Node.js
RabbitMQ and Kafka
...and many others as needed!
YOU'LL LOVE WORKING AT STITCH FIX BECAUSE WE...
Are a successful, vibrant, fast-growing company
Are a technologically and data-driven business.
Are at the forefront of tech and fashion, redefining shopping for the next generation.
Are passionate about our clients and live/breathe the client experience.
Get to be creative every day.
Have a smart, experienced, and diverse leadership team that wants to do it right & is open to new ideas.
Believe in autonomy & taking initiative.
Full support for remote work—and you get to visit our SF office every few months to connect with your peers and partners.
Offer transparent, equitable, and competitive compensation based on your level to help eliminate bias in salaries, as well as equity and comprehensive health benefits.
Are serious about our commitment to life-work balance, and have generous parental leave policies.


Please review Stitch Fix's Recruiting Privacy Policy here:

https://www.stitchfix.com/privacy/usrecruitingprivacyDiverse experiences. A shared passion.

At Annexus Health, we are a team of dedicated professionals with backgrounds in life sciences, healthcare software technology development, and the provider setting. While we approach our work from different angles, we are united by our commitment to reducing financial and administrative burdens across the patient access journey in order to improve access to care and combat financial toxicity at both the patient level and the provider level.

Front-End Developer

We are seeking a highly driven Front-End Developer, proficient in React, to join our growing team. You will be an integrated member of the cross-functional development team and will be part of building our customer-facing Web application. Our ideal candidate is looking for a role in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. They are motivated by challenges and love to see innovative ideas transform through technology into tangible finished products. The mission of Annexus Health resonates with this person, who believes their work is ultimately about helping solve larger problems in the wider community.

What You'll Do:

Work with UX/UI to add features, in stages, to AssistPoint®
Build and deliver great software while maintaining a clear understanding and vision of the customer's needs
Collaborate with team members on effective solutions during all stages of a project
Maintain project momentum through timely communication and problem-solving with all stakeholders
Help your team, customer, and Annexus Health continually improve


About You:

Professional experience with front-end development technologies (React, JavaScript, C#, .NET, SQL Server, etc), including a minimum of 3 years of experience with React
Excellent problem-solving skills
Effective communication skills
Experience building cloud-hosted solutions
Ability/desire to thrive in a service-oriented culture
Quick and deep learner
Driven to make a difference
Love to have fun!

Read more about the Annexus Health culture at annexushealth.com/about/.
 The recruitment team at Myticas Consulting is looking to hire a Core Java Software Engineer to design, develop, implement, test, and maintain business and computer applications software or specialized utility programs including mainframe and client/server applications, and major enhancement of existing systems. 
 
 It is required that the Core Java developer we hire have worked on RESTful API design and consumed REST APIs and Web services. 
 
 The nice to haves would be experience with microservices architecture, AWS, Terraform to work on Reactive Streams in a Linux environment.

Job Discription: The Release Manager role provides a critical function in the review and approval of changes and the evaluation of evidence for the DAS team’s releases consisting of projects, programs, technical work efforts and fixes. This role ensures consistency and adherence to enterprise change standards from the onset of the work effort through turnover to BAU. This role supports a team that ensures platform stability.   Required Skills 4 year degree; Proficient in MS Word, Excel Experience with data/information technology projects  Desired Skills Learns Quickly, Adaptable and Comfortable in Grey Space PMP certification or other industry certification Knowledge of JIRA and Agile Experience PMO Experience  #DEL

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 We are seeking multiple Software Engineers in a REMOTE work format for a large scale Army R&D program that entering it’s second of three phases of prototypes before moving into the program of record phase. This program is the Army's mobile intelligence ground station that will leverage space-based, aerial and terrestrial layer sensors to provide targetable data. The system will provide access to low earth orbit satellites, enable deep sensing and shorten the sensor-to-shooter loop. It will also feature a modular, open-systems architecture, and will employ analytic tools, including advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), to assist soldiers and analysts managing large volumes of sensor data at the speed of demand in multidomain operations and across the continuum of competition and conflict. 
 Our software engineers will be involved with all phases of the software development life cycle including: 
 

SW requirements analysis
Use case support
SW architecture analysis
Detailed design
Software builds
Generating test plans
Ensuring code meets requirements through thorough unit testing
Updating technical documents
Software integration support
Problem detection and resolving discrepancy reports

Skills & Qualifications:
Required Experience:


Bachelors Degree in Engineering or related
2+ Years of experience in the following: JavaScript, Java, ArcGIS, and User Interface development.
Ability to design, develop, and maintain new software functionality
Ability to work with previously written code and make modifications as necessary
Eligible for US DoD Clearance (TS/SCI would be a plus)

Preferred:


Experience with Informatica (preferred)

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

Insight Global is looking for a Senior Node JS Developer with extensive hands-on experience in all aspects of the Node JS framework. This individual will be a member of a small Agile development team, focusing on the development of solid and well-documented serverless cloud-based software, while participating in all activities of the software delivery lifecycle, including analysis and design. We are seeking an individual who has passion for writing clean and efficient code, while mentoring others!
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: 

Applying expert-level knowledge and experience creating Node server-side applications and APIs using Typescript.
Author unit and integration tests in a TDD development environment.
Hands-on experience using AWS Serverless microservices and cloud application development practices.
Functioning within an Agile software development environment to help deliver quality solutions in a timely manner.
Interacting with end users, management and developers to determine the best user experience for our customers.
Using customer and management feedback effectively while improving the existing project.

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS: 

Must have at least one year of working with AWS Architecture (Lambda, SNS, SQS, API Gateway, Cognito, etc.).
Must have a minimum of 4 years actively coding in Node JS for web application development.
Must have a minimum of 4 years’ experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) or at least writing substantial unit and integration test coverage.
Must have a minimum of 4 years’ experience writing and calling REST based services.
Must have experience developing web applications that use databases. (SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Node.js: 4 years (Preferred)
AWS: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

For further information please contact our Talent Specialist: Simoneta | 6308470953 & Vivek | 2243692962 & Trevor at 224 369 4020
Job Title: DevOps Solution Architect
Job Type: Direct HireLocation: Chicago, IL (100% Remote if you are not local to Chicago)
Description:
The CoE DevOps Solution Architect provides accountability for the technical solutions from the Modern Engineering Center of Excellence to ensure that the new technology, processes, and ways of working within IT align with IT strategy, increase the security posture, and drive higher quality products. Modern Engineering is adoption of DevSecOps processes and tools. The CoE DevOps Architect is responsible for the technical thought leadership of modern product development technology and supporting DevSecOps processes across the company addressing people, process, and tool aspects of organizational change. Primary responsibilities include developing holistic architecture for all Modern Engineering platforms (including Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC), Continuous Security, Infrastructure Immutability, Automated Testing, and Observability), overseeing output of other technical resources (e.g., CoE Security Architect, CoE Quality Architect, CoE DevOps Engineer), and leading the technical implementation of the Modern Engineering solutions across The ability to build collaborative stakeholder relationships is a must.
Duties: 

Serve as technical authority for IT on the Modern Engineering solutions
Serve as subject matter expert for modern product development and tooling landscape; stay current on market trends and research
Work directly with breadth of stakeholders across the organization (from individual contributors through senior leadership) by leading and being accountable for the design and delivery of advanced cloud and DevSecOps solutions
Educate stakeholders from the business and IT on services offered by Azure DevOps, AWS, and other SaaS solution providers and how to best leverage the services for improved business performance
Facilitate leadership alignment on Modern Engineering vision, strategy, and methods
Define future state application and reference architecture, operations models, and technical requirements of cloud ecosystem in accordance with leading practices from industry and AWS Well-Architected Framework
Design, architect, and manage all Modern Engineering platforms and environments for scale across the IT organization
Perform and follow strong software coding practices
Iteratively improve deployment methodologies through process streamlining and automation
Work with the CoE and Delivery Teams to define automation strategy tools and deployment, and build and maintain solutions
Evaluate benefits and risks of a solution’s feasibility and functionality
Lead and coordinate technical reviews (architectural, security, compliance, etc.)
Consult on and evangelize the behavior change and mindset shifts required of people resources to implement new architecture and processes
Partner with other CoE members and HR to account for effort associated with culture change as part of implementation strategies
Model desired culture including open knowledge sharing, proactive cross-functional collaboration, and adaptive learning via continuous improvement
Define, review, and implement Modern Engineering Standards
Define, update and document technical Procedures related to software development best practices
Provide collateral support, including architectural guidelines, design guidelines, coding guidelines, test guidelines, handover guidelines
Develop project case studies, training materials and technical guidance for teams within the company
Assist with estimating work efforts required for each phase of a project
Structure work efforts and determine engagement model of technical architects from CoE and IT Delivery Teams (teams using scrum or Kanban to manage workload in conjunction with Agile Framework)
Review and approve technical output of other CoE technical resources (e.g., CoE Security Architect, CoE Quality Architect, CoE DevOps Engineer)
Contribute to and enhance Security Standards and Procedures for Modern Engineering solutions
Accountable for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, and maintenance of CI/CD infrastructure. This may include provisioning of AWS instances, configuring servers, streamlining deployments, scaling out servers
Monitor and consult on all network, security, and other services to meet the organization's current and future requirements
Manage current state and future state Modern Engineering tooling including configuration, maintenance, and upgrades
Implement key performance indicators (KPI) to monitor process health and service metrics
Facilitate compliance with internal and external audit and regulatory requirements

Requirements: 

10+ years of broadened software engineering and architecture experience preferred
5+ years of demonstrable software engineering and DevOps experience
Must demonstrate accountability, sound decision making, and analytical thoroughness
Hands-on experience designing and implementing end-to-end CI/CD pipelines (e.g. Azure DevOps Preferred)
Hands-on AWS and Azure public cloud experience in a production environment (e.g., network, security, deployment, automation, serverless technologies)
Hands-on experience with Configuration Management and Infrastructure as Code (e.g., Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, GCP Deployment Manager, Azure ARM) and/or
Hands-on experience to common container and container orchestration solutions (e.g. Docker Enterprise, Kubernetes, AWS ECS)
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required. Computer Science or related field preferred
Certification on AWS and Azure DevOps platforms preferred

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Behaviors: 

Experience working with and integrating system components into other vendor solutions
Experience with the products and solutions of open-source, cloud, and SaaS ecosystems
Experience working within an Agile/Scrum framework
Experience collaborating across multiple functional/technical teams to deliver a project
Ability to design optimally durable and consistent patterns for distributed systems
Ability to communicate with customers on a business level and translate their needs into a technical solution
Ability to adapt to organizational change and advocate for the required culture change within the organization
Strong emotional intelligence to identify the behavioral and cultural indicators to team effectiveness
Consultative, collaborative approach to solving complex problems, with customer service skills
Invigorated by new challenges and ability to professionally challenge the status quo
Passionate about developing the skills of team members through technical and professional mentoring
Demonstrated growth mindset, enthusiastic about learning new technologies quickly and applying the gained knowledge to address business problems
Self-starter; ability to proactively define work and deliver results

Additional info:
Highly competitive compensation and bonus package, and access to a comprehensive benefits program designed to meet the needs of our employees.

Medical, dental and vision insurance
Retirement program (401k and Pension)
Generous PTO plan
10 paid holidays per year
Work from home options
Casual dress code

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $140,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Referral program

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Chicago, IL: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location


Position: Mainframe DevOps Engineer  Location: Remote  Position Type: Contract to Hire (C2H)  Our client, a leading Financial Services Provider has an opening for a Mainframe DevOps Engineer. This is initially a 6 month contract opportunity with the expectation of extending well beyond that and/or converting to permanent. Fully remote position, but qualified candidates must sit in the U.S. and be able to support CST and EST time zones.
   
 Check out the qualifications below. If you feel that you meet these, please apply online. Let us help you make that next great career decision!
  The DevOps Engineer will be responsible for designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining the application release processes and pipelines. 100% of work is to support the Mainframe (cobol, and developers that are in the mainframe, they are going to be mentoring those developers to move to devops) The ideal candidate will function as an agent to help to foster a cultural shift in the software delivery process. Along with automation, they will focus on improving communication, collaboration that facilitate iterative improvement.
  
 Requirements:
  

Work directly with your manager and lead to development and other cross functional team to create operational roadmaps.
Design and develop tool chains for managing and applying DevOps principles, such as CI/CD automation and IaaC (Infrastructure as a Code) on our both On-premise and Cloud-based systems.
Work directly with your manager and lead to define and implement development, test, release, update, and support processes for DevOps operation.
Prepare documentation necessary for technology to communicate strategies and plans.
Hands on development assignments that follow design, implement, and administer platform tools as included but not limited to the following software products: GitLab, UCD, Artifactory, SonarQube, JIRA, -ServiceNow, and GitLab CI/CD
Familiarity with Git workflows and branching strategies (e.g., GitOps, Git Flow, etc.)
Troubleshoot production issues and participate in an On-Call rotation.
Willingness to learn and embrace change.
Focused on designing and implementing solutions for the IBM zSeries and iSeries **must have used it in the past 5yrs
Mandatory Skills:
  

A Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or other related scientific or technical discipline with 5+ years related professional experience.
2+ years developing DevOps solutions w/ strong knowledge of DevOps Platform tooling like Python, Java script, Groovy, Git, Jenkins/Git CI/CD, UCD.
Experience with dev tools – GitLab and JIRA is a plus.
Experience with IBM zSeries or iSeries.
Ability to work independently, learn quickly, and be initiative-taking.
As the leader of a team of one you will need to prioritize tasks, communicate requirements and blockers, and take on tasks as they arise.
This is a W2 position with Advantage Technical. Will not accept resumes from recruiters or agencies. We offer benefits for purchase that include: Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance as well as an excellent 401k plan.



About Advantage Technical
Advantage Technical is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, medical condition, genetic information, mental and physical disability, political affiliation, union membership, status as a parent, military or veteran status or other non-merit based factors. We will provide reasonable accommodations throughout the application, interviewing and employment process. If you require a reasonable accommodation, contact us. Advantage Technical is an E-Verify employer. This policy is applicable to all phases of the employment relationship, including hiring, transfers, promotions, training, terminations, working conditions, compensation, benefits, and other terms and conditions of employment.
All employees are directed to familiarize themselves with this policy and to act in accordance with it. All decisions with respect to employment matters and other phases of employer-temporary employee relationships will be in keeping with this policy and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.




  Immediate need for a talented 
  Automation QA Engineer with experience in any industry. This is 
  a
contract opportunity with long-term potential and is location is 
  Charlotte, NC (Remote). Please review the job description below. 
  

JobDiva # 22-34800

Job Details :
 Develops, enhances, tests, supports, maintains and debugs mobile test automation suite that support business units or support functions. A senior member of the technical team responsible for assisting senior business leaders and management. May provide strategic technical direction and system architecture for individual initiatives. Utilizes in-depth knowledge of technological alternatives and business system requirements to recommend innovations that enhance and/or provide a competitive advantage to the organization. Leads or has responsibility for estimation of effort for software application for one or more programmers. Coordinates collaboration with external programming teams to deliver software on time and within budget. Provides feedback and technical guidance to project managers on issues of critical importance to achieving business objectives. Is clearly recognized as a content expert by peers. Experience in developing and enhancing mobile test automation frameworks. Experience in designing and developing automated solutions including unit testing, functional testing, UI testing and performance testing that help guarantee the software quality across a wide range of mobile devices and tablets.
  
 Develop and document test UI automation and application framework enhancements in Java and native mobile technologies (Espresso, XCTest)
   Design, develop and document sophisticated test automation class libraries for backend processing
   Innovative approach to uncover issues during all testing phases
   Implement new testing frameworks for future products and features
   Participate in code review of standards, procedures, tools, and quality improvement processes
   Maintain regression suites/packages to be compliant with changing requirements and features
   Must work closely with Product and Engineering teams
  

Required Skills


BA/BS degree in computer science, QA or engineering equivalent
Minimum 5 yrs experience in SDLC process with a focus on test planning, test execution and defect management.
Experience in building testing frameworks, tools and automation within a large scale enterprise environment using Selenium, TestNg, QTP and/or similar frameworks.
Thorough understanding of QA processes and procedures, with an aim towards continual improvement.
Superior written and verbal communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to self-direct day-to-day activities and multitask effectively
Strong development management or testing management experience with a proven track record in scaling teams.
Strong project management skills including experience managing in an agile / test driven environment.
Working knowledge of QTest, Jira, Mobile Device cloud, Selenium, Sonar, Jenkins


Desired Skills


MS or other advanced degree is nice to have.
Familiarity with bank systems and data conditioning.


Please share your updated resume for the submission.



 Our client is a 
  Financial Customer and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration.
  
 #DEL
 


Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary


    The National Commercial Services (NCS) division is building out a best of breed application that will set the business apart for its competitors. The 
   Senior Front-end Developer will participate in the design, development, coding, testing, debugging, and maintenance of software code for a web application that will serve our customers and employees. In this role, the developer will be responsible for contributing and delivering quality software while collaborating and supporting the team. You will work with business and technical staff to understand requirements and problems and develop specifications to resolve them.
   

Essential Functions






 Designs, develops, troubleshoots, debugs, and implements software code for website applications.
 Works with graphic designers and other members of a project team to develop the site concept, interface design, and architecture of the website.
 Responsible for interface implementation. Integrates web applications with application tier or with backend databases.
 Write clean, efficient, performant and secure code to build web applications
 Provide input on app architecture
 Work with product designers and clients to clarify requirements
 Plan, estimate and prioritize work on a cross functional collaborative team

 Knowledge & Skills/Technology Used

 5+ years of professional development experience
 Strong front end development experience ideally with single-page applications
 Experience with 2 or more of the following frameworks & libraries, DevOps, and programming languages including, but not limited to React, Redux, Thunk/Saga, Immutable, VueJS, NodeJS Docker, AWS, Glamorous, Ruby is a nice to have.
 Strong experience using vanilla JavaScript is required
 Experience using TypeScript is a strong plus
 Previous experience collaborating in a quality-focused environment where testing and reviewing is a part of the everyday process
 Strong experience with semantic HTML and familiarity with web accessibility best practices
 Familiar with various approaches to styling - from plain CSS to CSS-in-JS, and methodologies for organizing CSS
 You are familiar and are comfortable using design tools such as Illustrator, Sketch, Zeplin, Figma, Principle, Framer or similar is helpful
 Experience with modern UI/UX design principles is a strong plus
 Experience with modern backend technologies and API design/best practices is nice to have
 Experience with containerization and orchestration tools (Docker and Kubernetes) is a bonus
 Experience with deploying into and managing cloud providers (Azure, AWS, GCP, etc.) is a bonus
 Previous experience collaborating on highly distributed teams is a plus
 Experience working within an Agile/Scrum environment.
 Possess a strong and reliable internet connection.
 Align a portion of your day with the business hours. This is a fully remote role.
 Strong hands-on experience using Git is required

 Other Qualities & Skills

 Quick starter within your area of expertise and steps up to challenges outside of it
 Thrives on collaborating with other team members and across disciplines
 Welcomes feedback and sees it as an opportunity for reflection and improvement
 Always learning - Whether you are learning to help your team to work through new concepts and technology
 You are astute, you know when to push an issue and when to let things lie
 You are friendly - you reach out to your teammates even if they aren’t on your project team
 You can work through ambiguity - you aren’t shy about asking questions to gain clarity


 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience



We are open to this position being remote


 #techreferral
 #LI-DS1
 #dice
 #TCORPIT





 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.








Relatient is a leading provider of integrated messaging solutions for practices, hospitals and health care systems. We take a patient-centered approach to engagement, utilizing the power of real-time clinical data to deliver timely messages between patients and their care providers. Ranked as the 2020 Klas Category Leader in Patient Engagement, named one of Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500 for 2018 & 2019, and a 2019 Red Herring Top 100 winner, Relatient is changing the way healthcare providers engage with their patients.
 
On August 5, 2021, Relatient announced the signing of a definitive agreement to merge with Radix Health while also raising $100+ million of additional growth equity capital from its existing investor, Brighton Park Capital and its affiliates. Through the merger, Relatient will add Radix Health’s suite of cutting-edge, enterprise-grade patient access solutions to its existing platform to continue to optimize provider schedules, increase patient satisfaction and improve outcomes for healthcare organizations.
 
We are looking for a talented Senior Software Engineer to join our dynamic team in building platform solutions that integrate with Enterprise Health Care systems. We expect an engineer who will work hard, keep up in a fast-paced start up environment, and have fun! If you are looking to be challenged daily, make a huge impact and help define the future of patient engagement, we would love to have you join our team!
 The Ideal Candidate

 Is a problem solver
 Possess excellent design and coding skills and a zeal for building applications using open source frameworks for cloud native technologies.
 Is responsible for all aspects of SDLC of existing and new components
 Is comfortable building UIs using modern frameworks (Angular 4+ with Typescript, React, Vue.js), CSS/SCSS and HTML, backend microservices with Node.js or PHP, and relational and NoSQL databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, MongoDB) with full ownership of shipping user-facing enterprise products
 Is focused on the customer and the details that make their experience exceptional
 Encourages innovation, implementation of cutting-edge technologies, outside-of-the-box thinking, teamwork, and self-organization
 Collaborates with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in a full-stack development tools and technologies
 Possess a strong sense of engineering quality and takes pride in the code they’re responsible for while defining best practices as our teams abide by a You Build It, You Own It attitude

 Responsibilities

 Build resilient, secure, and scalable UI/UX, APIs, and Microservices using latest technologies
 Perform engineering activities for performance tuning and deep monitoring of applications and services
 Work with business partners, architects, and other groups to identify technical and functional needs of the system, determine the priority of work, and ensure integrated end-to-end design and delivery
 Leverage DevOps practices for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment
 Occasional travel up to 10% is required




 Requirements


 Bachelor’s Degree or relevant work experience
 5+ years of experience in a software engineering role
 3+ years of experience with HTML/CSS
 3+ years of experience developing RESTful APIs
 3+ years of experience using Angular 2+
 3+ years of experience with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
 2+ years of experience working in an Agile development environment
 2+ years of experience in Application Development using Node.js, JavaScript or TypeScript
 Previous experience with testing frameworks and Quality Assurance technologies: ATDD, Selenium, Webdriver.io, Jasmine, Karma, Mocha, Chai, Sinon, PHPUnit, Postman
 Previous experience with GitLab, Nexus, and Dockerhub
 Previous experience in one of the following Cloud technologies: AWS, Docker, Terraform
 Previous experience with container orchestration frameworks: Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, or Amazon ECS/EKS is a plus
 Previous experience with PHP or porting PHP to Node.js is a plus

 About Relatient
 
Relatient, Inc., the 2020 KLAS Category Leader in Patient Outreach, is a SaaS-based patient engagement company that utilizes a mobile-first approach to improving patient and provider communication. On behalf of U.S. medical practices and health systems, Relatient engaged patients with more than 200 million messages in 2020 with their digital platform that integrates with over 85 practice management systems and electronic health databases. Relatient’s patient messaging, self-scheduling, digital registration and billing solutions drive operational efficiency, new appointments and reviews, reduce no-shows, speed patient payments, and improve patient satisfaction, all while supporting health and care quality initiatives. For more information, visit http://www.relatient.com.
  Our team consists of smart, driven, and creative people who are motivated to impact the way in which healthcare providers engage with their patients. Our platform takes a patient-centered approach to engagement, utilizing the power of real-time clinical data to deliver timely messages between patients and their care providers.
  
What We Offer

 Base salary plus incentives
 Medical, dental, and vision insurance
 Employer HSA match contribution
 Employer paid Life Insurance
 100% employer paid long-term disability insurance
 401k1
 Generous PTO policy plus 10 paid holidays
 Perks such as an annual employee awards banquet, holiday parties, monthly lunches, bottomless snacks and coffee
 Casual culture with approachable leadership
 Great office environments located in historic Franklin, TN.

 Learn more about our company at www.relatient.net
 Relatient is an equal employment opportunity employer.
 #LI-Remote
 #LI-AM1







PI178338404



Software Resources has an immediate job opportunity for a REMOTE Senior Backend Software Engineer with a major corporation in Santa Monica, CA. 


GraphQL is not required but is a HUGE PLUS


Duration: 12 month(s)
  

Description:
   Our Streaming's Content Management Platform team is seeking a motivated Senior Software Engineer to help build the content backbone of Streaming. The team is responsible for the end-to-end tooling used to ingest content from over 500 partners and deliver the highest quality video to tens of millions of users. As a part of this team, you will use technologies like GraphQL, Python, Java, PostgreSQL, Kafka, Elasticsearch, Terraform, Docker and native AWS resources such as Lambda, Kinesis, SQS/SNS and DynamoDB.
  

**Responsibilities:**


Design well-architected solutions and deliver on then with code that is easy to develop and maintain
Lead technical design and implementation of new features
Drive project phasing and delivery together with your manager and Technical Project Managers
Identify areas of improvement in our systems and workflows
Mentor junior and mid-level engineers
Take a user-centric approach to improving our content management systems, tools, and workflows
Write defensive and robust tests

 The company requires on-site workers to be fully vaccinated absent a legally required exemption approved by the vendor. Exceptions to the vendor vaccine requirement apply in states that have laws concerning employer vaccine mandates. Vendor must ensure that any unvaccinated workers follow applicable safety protocols when they are on-site. Specifically, for any of their workers who are not verified as fully vaccinated, it is the vendor's responsibility to ensure that at all times when performing services on-site at a U.S. location or property, those individuals, at a minimum, will wear a disposable face mask certified by ASTM International with an ASTM Level 1 or higher rating (to be changed every day). If the individuals regularly work within three feet of others, the vendor must also implement a secondary mitigation measure such as a face shield or safety glasses. Please note that workers may only remove the face mask if the worker is alone in an office with the door shut, or the worker is six feet of distance from others and actively eating or drinking. Additional safety protocols may be required, as determined in the sole discretion of The Company or its affiliates. If requested, the vendor must inform its contact of any safety protocols the vendor has implemented for any of its workers while on-site at a location or property.
  

Basic Qualifications:


Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or a closely related field
5+ years of software development experience
Proficiency in Python, Java, Javascript, relational and NoSQL databases, event or pub/sub driven architecture
Solid understanding of AWS or other cloud ecosystem
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Knowledge of core CS fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms
Good understanding of GraphQL is a big plus


Required Education:
 Bachelors Degree
  

Don't delay. Join the Software Resources team today!
 
 Software Resources specializes in connecting talented IT professionals with challenging job opportunities that transform jobs into careers.
   To meet our clients hiring needs, we continuously source talented IT Professionals with all levels of expertise and in all disciplines. We offer world class major medical, dental and vision benefits, 401(k) with match, short term disability, Life Insurance and AD&D. You, our future employees, can make a tremendous difference to our company and our clients. Please apply to this job and experience the Software Resources difference. You can view all of our jobs at https://www.softwareresources.com/careers/ 
  
Company Overview
 
 Software Resources is a national staffing and recruitment firm delivering the best candidates to our clients and the best jobs to our candidates since 1992.
   We are a certified woman owned business in business to place contract, contract-to-hire, and direct-hire talent in Technology (IT, creative, marketing), finance, accounting, and executive-level positions. We serve many vertical markets including Entertainment/Media, Cruise Industry/Leisure travel, Hospitality, Government, Personal Care, Professional Services, Energy/Utilities, Security, and Financial Services.
   Headquartered in Lake Mary, FL in the Orlando metro area, we have branches and sales professionals across the US. Wherever you're located and whatever the need, count on Software Resources to provide exceptional candidates who are fully vetted and ready to go. Call 
  (800) 774-8036 or visit us online at https://www.softwareresources.com/ and leave the recruiting to us!
 


  LAMP Stack Developer (100% remote) 
  
   We are the future of Healthcare scheduling. Our rapidly scalable, workforce optimization and staff scheduling SaaS platform helps healthcare systems optimize staffing, lower their costs and enhance communications across various departments. Healthcare facilities are now finally able to combat understaffing and overstaffing and get comprehensive benchmarking and data analytics all on a single platform!
   
 We are rapidly growing and looking to add an experienced LAMP stack developer to our innovative team of engineers. If you enjoy helping people and want to be part of a cutting-edge company, then this job is for you. Apply today!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

100% REMOTE
be part of the Covid-19 solution
help Veterans

 What You Will Be Doing

    You will be collaborating with our development team and product manager to create and modify computer application software and specialized utility programs to meet our clients specification needs. You will be responsible for changing various software configurations and architecting additional features for optimal performance.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    Must have at least 3+ years experience with:
   

Linux
Apache
MySQL
PHP / JavaScript
Software Development / Computer Engineering
Architecture Design skills

 Data Science background is a plus.
   
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field.
  
 What's In It for You

Compensation $110k-$160k
100% REMOTE
Full-Time position
Medical / Dental / Vision Insurance
401k match


    So, if you are a HANDS-ON developer with 3+ years experience working with LAMP stack, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Cassidy Kolb
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 


  Senior C++ Engineer 
  
   If you are a remote Senior C++ Engineer with experience, please read on!
   
 We're in the hunt for highly talented Sr C/C++ Engineers to expand our team working on building C++ Desktop applications for Windows that are cross platform and will be ported to Mac + Linux etc. We're looking for a senior software engineer to help us build the windows client application for our popular live streaming platform. As a FT Engineer, you'll be responsible for developing high quality code to meet our high quality standards.
   
 Our application is open source and interacts with multiple other external dependencies, often open source as well. Part of your mission will be to gain deep knowledge in all sub repositories and be able to maintain and improve them. In addition to that, your goal will be to add new features for our users, improve the performance of the application and its stability.
  
 What You Need for this Position

We're building C++ Desktop applications for Windows that are cross platform and will be ported to Mac + Linux
We need strong C++ developers who are like building VC++ client side / desktop applications
We're using Electron as our main framework
We're using Visual Studio as the IDE
We'd like candidates to have exposure to VC++ and CMAKE
Any experience w/ streaming or video or video streaming or MPEG or other common video formats is a plus but not required
Have you used Electron, or QT or similar cross platform framework?
Experience using git
Be ready (or can learn quickly) to work with OBS: https://github.com/jp9000/obs-studio
Be a great team member who is willing to listen, learn, teach and be passionate about having a serious impact
Impact driven mindset

 The candidate will know:
  


C/C++
VC++
CMake
Visual Studio
Will know how to package software (DLL)

 Bonus:
  


Experience with JavaScript/NodeJS
Experience with Electron
Experience in video encoding specifically with the H264 codec
Familiarity with content creation
Experience with video streaming

 What's In It for You

    - Competitive comp package ($170-190k/yr - may go higher for the right candidate)
   

Annual 10% bonus
Stock options/equity
401k w/match
Full health insurance benefits (medical, dental & vision)
Smaller team means more impact in growth and direction
Family oriented culture
Autonomy
Team collaboration
100% REMOTE



    So, if you are a remote Senior C++ Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Nick Valenti
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


We are at the forefront of change in this rapidly evolving lending market. mello, the Greek word for future, was the product of a recent $80+ million dollar investment in research & development to transform & streamline the home buying process into a digital experience like no other competitor offers. But mello is just the beginning loanDepot will continue to invest in developing our own advanced technology ecosystem built around serving our customers & enabling our valued employees to provide exceptional service. We have funding, we have opportunities, you have ideasits a perfect match. Come join us!
 loanDepot We are Americas Lender.
 Position Summary:
 Responsible for delivering innovative, compelling, coherent software solutions for our consumer, internal operations and value chain constituents across a wide variety of enterprise applications through the creation of discrete business services and their supporting components. Maintains automation test suite by adding new automation tests as necessary and translating requirements and/or specifications into automation test cases. Executes automation tests, analyzes test results, reports findings, and debugs automation tool or script failures. Requires knowledge of writing and running automated test with direction from the Software Engineering Manager and/or Lead SDET. Follows best coding practices and methods identified by the team. Ensures the performance of all duties in accordance with the companys policies and procedures, all U.S. state and federal laws and regulations, wherein the company operates.
 Responsibilities: 

Translates requirements into functional and technical test cases and implements them for thorough test coverage.
 Creates integration tests which ensure application functionality, including up- and down-stream interfaces.
 Uses testing frameworks to ensure quality software solutions. Provides feedback on how frameworks can be improved or extended.
 Utilizes familiarity with frameworks and/or tools such as Robot, Cucumber, Watir, SoapUI, etc. to build automated tests.
 Analyzes test case failures to identify points of failure in complex product features and capabilities. Identifies and addresses relevant edge-case scenarios to ensure each is handled properly.
 Collaborates with other technical teams by assisting in troubleshooting complex technical or end-user scenarios.
 Adheres to coding and testing standards. Follows established best practices. Advises peers for their code reviews and advises on coding standards.
 Performs other duties and projects as assigned.

 Requirements:

 B.S. in Computer Science, B.S. Software Engineering, or B.A. in Computer Information Systems or equivalent preferred and a minimum of two (2) + years of relevant technology job experience.
 Understanding of financial terms and concepts preferred. Some knowledge of mortgage specific terminology, concepts and systems preferred.
 Intermediate competence with one or more relevant languages and technologies. Minimum of two (2) + years of experience with C#, Selenium, NUnit, Jasmine, Protractor, Javascript, Postman, Swagger, etc.
 Experience with one or more source/version control systems required. Understanding of branching strategies and merging.
 Knowledge of Visual Studio, TFS, JIRA, and Confluence is preferred.
 Minimum one (1) + years of experience working collaboratively in a team environment.

 Why work for #teamloanDepot:

 Work with other passionate, purposeful and customer-centric team members
 Aggressive earning potential and 401K with robust company match
 Inclusive, diverse and collaborative culture where people from all backgrounds can thrive
 Extensive internal growth and professional development opportunities including tuition reimbursement
 Comprehensive benefits package including Medical/Dental/Vision
 Wellness program to support both mental and physical health
 Generous paid time off options to support work-life balance

 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.  #LI-SS  PM17
 PI178017768

Net Developer

Requirements:
Develop enterprise applications using C#, .NET Framework and web technologies
Understand business operations requirements
Identify and develop algorithms for planning and optimization problems
Object-Oriented Analysis and Design
Database design and development (Oracle / Microsoft SQL Server)
Preparation of development estimates and design documents
Support and maintenance of existing systems
Qualifications:
Experience (3+ years minimum) with object-oriented programming in C# (MVC)
Experience (3+ years' minimum) with ASP.NET, AJAX, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, JQuery
Experience (3+ years minimum) with T-SQL and PL/SQL
Experience with 3rd party JavaScript libraries (jQuery, YUI, Dojo, ExtJS, etc.)
Conceptual understanding of software development process
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Highly organized and independent, effective at multitasking, and able to interact with individuals from multiple disciplines.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Information Technology
Excellent Benefits

R+L Carriers offers an excellent compensation and comprehensive benefits package, including Medical/Dental/Vision Insurance, 401(k) Retirement Plan with matching contributions, Paid Vacation & Holidays, and vacation lodging at our exclusive employee resorts in Daytona Beach, FL, Big Bear Lake, CA, Pigeon Forge, TN and Ocean Isle Beach, NC.

Click here https://youtu.be/5zQ0hhAbWVo

Location: 7000 Target Pkwy N, Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, United States, 55445

 As a Fortune 50 company with more than 350,000 team members worldwide, Target is an iconic brand and one of America's leading retailers.



 Working at Target means the opportunity to help all families discover the joy of everyday life. Caring for our communities is woven into who we are, and we invest in the places we collectively live, work and play. We prioritize relationships, fuel and develop talent by creating growth opportunities, and succeed as one Target team. At our core, our purpose is ingrained in who we are, what we value, and how we work. It’s how we care, grow, and win together.



 Every time a guest enters a Target store or browses Target.com, they experience the impact of Target’s investments in technology and innovation. We’re the technologists behind one of the most loved retail brands, delivering joy to millions of our guests, team members, and communities.



 Join our global in-house technology team of more than 4,000 engineers, data scientists, architects, coaches, and product managers striving to make Target the most convenient, safe and joyful place to shop. We use agile practices and leverage open-source software to adapt and build best-in-class technology for our team members and guests—and we do so with a focus on diversity and inclusion, experimentation, and continuous learning.



 BUSINESS CAPABILITIES AND IMPACT


 The mission of the Stores and Supply Chain engineering team is to delight our guests by having our products available at the right place, right quantity and at the right time with the most reliable, fast and secure checkout, payment and returns experience at 1870+ stores across the US. We make this happen using world class supply chain networks that comprises of 50+ warehouses and a massive fleet of transportation services that moves about $100B of inventory through our supply chain. We provide multiple ways of fulfilling our guests needs from our network of distribution centers and stores. We build applications and services that power 500,000+ team members in stores and distribution centers to ensure we have our products available to ultimately delight our guests. We enable team members to give the guest a great Target shopping experience on 60,000+ registers, self-checkout and mobile point of sale devices. Core responsibilities are described within this job description. Job duties may change at any time due to business needs.



 TECHNOLOGY



 Our engineering teams are empowered to select the appropriate technology for the problem they are trying to solve. We value applicants with a variety of technological experience and have no hard requirements on knowing any specific technologies.


 We know that it's interesting to know about the kinds of problems you'll be solving day to day, here are a few things our teams are working on:



 We aggregate billions of Kafka events a day using Kotlin/RocksDB microservices. These leverage machine learning-driven forecasts to determine what products are purchased and when they should be sent to our 1870+ stores.
 We power a variety of user experiences built with Electron/Typescript/React & Android Native/Kotlin stacks that are used daily on over 500k devices in our stores. These interact with a micro-services based architecture with edge computing at scale. This is the cornerstone of moving $100B+ in inventory per year.
 We authorize millions of payment transactions per day for stores and digital checkout using persistent socket connections with Netty and the latest cryptographic standards to ensure payments are fast and secure!
 We serve thousands of requests per second with Kotlin/Micronaut microservice REST APIs using PostgreSQL and Cassandra backends.
 We value monitoring the health of thousands of VMs via Grafana dashboards hitting InfluxDB, and logging billions of events via Elasticsearch and Kibana.






 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS



 4-year degree or equivalent experience
 5+ years of software development experience
 Demonstrates strong domain-specific knowledge regarding Target’s technology capabilities, and key competitors’ products and differentiating features
 Working knowledge on package-specific configuration and deployment along with ability to build custom solutions
 Designs new testing methods and resolves routine and non-routine technical issues with minimal assistance
 Demonstrates strong proficiency in core development platforms within own domain
 Builds strong commitment within the team to support the appropriate team priorities
 Clearly communicates Agile concepts to partners within product team
 Demonstrates a solid understanding of the impact of own work on the team and/or guests
 Writes and organizes code using multiple computer languages, including distributed programming and understand different frameworks and paradigm
 Delivers high-performance, scalable, repeatable, and secure deliverables with broad impact (high throughput and low latency)
 Influences and applies data standards, policies, and procedures
 Maintains technical knowledge within areas of expertise
 Stays current with new and evolving technologies via formal training and self-directed education





 OPEN ENGINEERING OPPORTUNTIES


 We have several open roles across our Stores and Supply Chain engineering teams. They vary across engineering level/experience, technology focus, or business area. If you are interested in learning more, contact us or apply to start a conversation.

 This position may be considered for a Full-Time Remote or Hybrid work arrangement based on Target’s needs. A Hybrid work arrangement means the team members core role will be a blend of virtual and onsite at a Target location. A Full-Time Remote work arrangement means the team member works full-time from home or an alternate location that’s not a Target location, does not have a desk at their primary HQ work location and may travel to HQ up to 4 times a year.

 Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada residents is $81,400 to $146,500. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, Target cares about and invests in you as a team member, so that you can take care of yourself and your family. Find competitive benefits from financial and education to well-being and beyond.


 Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)

 Target will provide reasonable accommodations (such as a qualified sign language interpreter or other personal assistance) with the application process upon your request as required to comply with applicable laws. If you have a disability and require assistance in this application process, please visit your nearest Target store or Distribution Center or reach out to Guest Services at 1-800-440-0680 for additional information.


Angular Developer – 

We are looking for a great Angular developer who will be responsible for the front-end part of our Digital Team.
Be responsible to drive execution, implementation of developing, deploying, maintaining, and providing application support
Your primary role will be the implementation of the application for either desktop or mobile devices with a focus on performance. With your deep understanding of AngularJS best practices, you will create modules and components with which you architect the application.
You will team up with the back-end developers to connect to APIs using standard methods. A thorough understanding of the components of the platform is essential.

Angular Developer - Responsibilities: 

Building, optimizing, and maintaining front-end web apps
Maintaining high performance and compatibility across platforms and devices
Writing tested, idiomatic, and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS
Understanding what is needed for a smooth workflow between yourself, the front-end developers and designers
Communicate thoroughly with the back-end department to help build a best-practice RESTful API
Integrate external web services

Angular Developer - Required Skills & Qualifications: 
A Sr JavaScript Developer with the following skills –
· Proficient with Angular 8 or higher version
· Universal Angular (for Server Side Rendering) : good to have
· Unit testing/E2E testing leveraging standard tools
· Expertise in NgRx for data stores over services
· Proficient RxJS for observables over promises
· WCAG 2.0 AA for Accessibility requirements
· Proficient in SASS/CSS3 skillsets likely in context of at least one CSS Framework
· Experience with implementing Analytics tags and making API calls
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $70.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Front-end development: 7 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
Angular 8: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  MATRIX has partnered with a premier client to fill a full time employee -100% remote position. This is a great opportunity to expand your career and work with a well known company and look towards career growth.
  
 Are you a developer passionate about keeping the lights on? Does "truly making a difference" and working with both back end and front end engineering excite you? Do you have experience with back end .NET core C#? Are you extremely collaborative and enjoy working with your teammates to impact positive change? Are you looking for your next career opportunity? This position may be for you!!!
   Location: 100% REMOTE  Title: Back End C# Support Engineer

.NET Core / Back end skills - C# - REQUIRED
Cloud experience (AWS or AZURE) - PLUS
Will be handling tickets from product development
   Not focused on specific product or platform 
  
Will be doing quick fixes / triages
Won't be creating code from scratch
Fixing bugs
Working on enhancements / modifications
May work on shorter term product development projects
1-2 years experience
Will be exposed to all technologies and software products 

As a full stack “quick” team engineer, we will equip you with the tools to become an expert in root cause analysis and quick resolution to support issues. You will have the opportunity to develop problem solving skills with our legacy applications while learning how to tackle some of our more complex issues within our newer architecture. Not only will you be keeping the lights on, but making the lights brighter with small, user-requested enhancements to both our legacy and newer applications. This is the ultimate opportunity for an engineer who likes to work in a semi-“quick” paced environment, enjoys problem solving and wants to make a difference in people’s lives every day.

Programming experience using C# with .NET Core / .NET Framework
Relational database experience with data modeling, reporting, query optimization, indexing a SQL Datastore
API development
Basic front end development using Angular. Experience in React will also be considered
Experience within scrum teams and familiarity with Agile methodologies
Understanding basics of cloud-based architecture (AWS preferred, but Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud is good too))
A curious mind and a basic problem-solving skills



   Equal Employment Opportunity
   


   MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
  


   MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.
  



We are looking for an enthusiastic, driven, and forward-thinking Lead Mobile Engineer to join our team. You will directly lead and contribute to delivering our most ambitious projects in a high pace environment. 
You will be hands-on in delivering mobile software solutions that drive the digital and eCommerce capabilities of Snap Finance. In this role, you will be a key influence in the success of our goals, we are searching for candidates with strong fundamental experience in mobile software development, design, architecture principles. Some behaviors we desire include an appetite to learn, a desire to teach, a genuine curiosity, and bravery to ask hard questions and push boundaries.
 REMOTE US or Costa Rica Only
 Responsibilities

Sets the standard by writing high-quality code that is performant, reusable, and secure while adhering to industry best practices.
Leads the design, architecture, and scale of mobile cloud-native applications.
Performs as subject matter expert, helping team members, understand complex technical needs, risks, and hurdles.
Leads the implementation and provides valuable feedback and code review.
Collaborates effectively with product team and other technology teams to solve complex problems spanning their respective areas
Works in a team as well as independently to deliver on aggressive schedules and goals

Requirements

BS/MS degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent
5+ years of experience writing code and a proven track record of delivering customer-facing mobile applications
3+ years of experience in React Native is required along with proficiency in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
2 years mobile application architecture experience with applications released in app stores with high ratings.
Experience in application build and deployment with CI/CD automation along with application deployment to Apple/Google apps stores
Experience leading the execution of complex projects involving multiple engineers and cross-functional teams.
Experience working in a cloud environment such as AWS and understanding of GraphQL/AWS AppSync for API integration from the mobile application
A strong focus on high-quality mobile UI experiences. Integrating with camera and biometric sensors
Focus on application performance and memory management
Adept at working in Agile teams, exposure to SAFE preferred 
Start-up experience preferred

Why Youll Love It Here

Generous paid time off.
Competitive medical, dental & vision coverage.
401K with company match.
Company-paid life insurance + supplemental options.
Company-paid short-term disability.
Long-term disability and legal coverage.
Pet insurance, free snacks, and fun events.
A value-based culture where growth opportunities are endless.

More
 Snap values diversity, and all qualified applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
 Learn more by visiting our website at www.snapfinance.com
 California Residents please review our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice at https://snapfinance.com/ccpa-notice 

PM21
 PI177796170

We are looking for a Ruby on Rails Engineer to join our growing Digital team. You'll work with our design and engineering teams to design and develop new features on our consumer facing website. The ideal candidate understands how to prioritize multiple tasks and manage time efficiently with consistent code and document quality. You will integrate and leverage our existing systems as you help build longer lasting and more scalable solutions.
What we will want you to do:
Design and develop new features using Ruby on Rails.
Design and develop APIs for frontend.
Write automated tests and test infrastructure to support it.
Troubleshoot production issues and research solutions to customer feedback.
Keep up-to-date with ruby and rails design patterns.
Skills or Experience we want you to have:
At least 3 years of Ruby on Rails experience
Experience with building and consuming RESTful APIs
Experience with running sql queries Bonus points if you have:
Experience working in Financial Services industry
Experience working in a startup environment
Worked with a TDD workflowAWS experience, specifically with Kubernetes.
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, a trusted name in lending for over 100 years. Since 2005 alone, we have looked beyond customers credit scores to lend more than $152 billion to 16.2 million people looking for simple, affordable loans.
With branches across 44 states, we're proud partners of the families and communities we serve. They turn to us to help meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills and auto purchases. It’s all about doing the right thing – a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-Remote

  Fully Remote -SEI Developer- SWP-AIX- PL/SQL 
  
   If you are a Fully Remote -SEI Developer- SWP-AIX- PL/SQL with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    I have multiple of these positions open between Mid level to Senior level please apply if you work with SEI.
   
 " 5+ years of relevant experience and skilled in Oracle PL/SQL and Microsoft SQL programming with hands on in Cloud environment - preferably Azure
    " Expertise on Oracle PL/SQL programming
    " Sound knowledge in SEI SWP platform
    " Hands on experience of SEI SWP platform migration
    " Hands on experience of AIX platform
    " Experienced in SQL performance tuning and troubleshooting
    " Experience in Agile/Scrum based project executions
  
 What You Need for this Position

SEI Developer
SWP
PL/SQL
AIX Platform
AIX
SEI SWP platform migration
SEI SWP
SEI SWP platform

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Fully Remote -SEI Developer- SWP-AIX- PL/SQL with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Anya Glover
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Job Profile

Position Overview

At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success. As a Software Developer within PNC's organization, you will be based remotely within the PNC footprint.

Job Description

Knowledge with working as part of a Scrum or Kanban team to deliver value to customers.
Writing and executing automation test code using Selenium/Cucumber frameworks
Develops, tests and implements software solutions.
Designs software solutions to address business needs.
Writes code, tests and deploys software.
Prepares technical and procedural documentation required for software.
Maintains and debugs software.

Preferred Skills

Experience with the following tools/languages:
Bitbucket
Jenkins
Java, .NET, C#, SQL
Jira
Azure DevOps
Knowledgeable with BDD and TDD methodologies
Knowledgeable with CI/CD pipelines

PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:
Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.

Competencies

Application Design, Architecture – Knowledge of application design activities, tools and techniques; ability to utilize these to convert business requirements and logical models into a technical application design.

Application Development Tools – Knowledge of and ability to utilize a variety of specific tools and toolkits for the development and support of applications.

Application Maintenance – Knowledge of and ability to define, implement changes to, and support a production application.

Application Testing – Knowledge of application testing and ability to design, plan and execute application testing strategies and tactics to ensure software quality throughout all stages of application development.

Packaged Application Integration – Knowledge of and the ability to implement packaged application software and integrate it with company applications, databases and technology platforms.

System Development Life Cycle – Knowledge of project management techniques and the ability to plan, design, develop, test, implement and maintain system development life cycle segments and phases.

Technical Troubleshooting – Knowledge of technical troubleshooting approaches, tools and techniques, and the ability to anticipate, recognize, and resolve technical (hardware, software, application or operational) problems.

Technical Writing/Documentation – Knowledge of the technical language and writing approach, and the ability to write paper-based and on-line technical reference documentation (guidelines, standards, procedures, processes, applications, etc.)

Work Experience

Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree with New to PNC.

Disability Accommodations Statement:
The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com.

The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):
PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents

Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.

  REMOTE Xamarin Developer - IoT 
  
   If you are a REMOTE Xamarin Developer - IoT with experience, please read on!
   
 Located in Beautiful Atlanta, Georgia we are a well-established Software company providing top of class Products for Restaurants across the US. We are currently looking for a strong REMOTE Xamarin Developer with experience with Bluetooth or interested in getting to work with Bluetooth to join our team!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    Design, implement and deliver complex products for users
   
 Actively and independently acquire knowledge of new development technologies in areas such as mobile, video, second screen, social media and other niches
   
 Work closely with the development team to respond, clarify or define specific application behavior, look/feel and function
   
 Diagnose complex issues, evaluate, recommend, and execute the best resolution
   
 Manage detailed application requirements and collaborate with project/development teams to ensure quality function, features and user experience
   
 Develop, modify, enhance, and implement software systems designed to support new or existing business initiatives enhancements
   
 Test Software to ensure proper and efficient execution and adherence to business and technical requirements
   
 Write Code that meets the production requirements and design specifications
   
 Ensure Code is regression free, documented and unit tested
   
 Participate in design and wireframe review to provide a technical perspective on implementation
   
 Ensure alignment between the business operational strategies and technical solutions
  
 What You Need for this Position

    Bachelors degree in CS or related experience
   
 AND
   
 5+ years of experience with
   
 Xamarin 
   
 Understanding of iOS/Android Development
   
 Interest or previous work with Bluetooth
   


Xamarin
Mobile
IOT
BT
Bluetooth
Xamarin Developer
Xamarin Engineer



    So, if you are a REMOTE Xamarin Developer - IoT with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Senior DevOps Engineer - Javascript 
  
   Senior JavaScript Engineer needed Immediately!
    We are a weather consulting company that specializes in past weather events. We can create maps that show areas that have been affected by several weather conditions including hail, wind, tornadoes, now or rain. 
   
 Right now we need to of a Senior Engineer with JavaScript (React/Node) and DevOps experience would be a plus. Having a wide tech-stack background and being comfortable with managing other engineers is required. 
   
 The CTO really needs someone to take on some of his work load and he needs someone that will be able to help him develop the current engineers as well as taking on projects. Ideally we would like a candidate that has experience with API Architecture as well. React and Node are the most important, but it would be really nice to have Kafka or Kubernetes experience. 
   
 It would be preferable to have candidates from Michigan or Oklahoma, but it is not a requirement at all. Fully remote position
    I would love to setup a time for a quick phone call to go over your experience and tell you all about this position/company.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    $150-$200,000/year salary
    Fully remote position
    Health Insurance
    401(k)
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    You will be working directly with the CTO to manage and develop current projects, while assisting in managing mid-junior level engineers.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    7+ years minimum professional experience 
    or 5+ years of professional experience and a college degree
   

REACT
NODE
Kafka
Apache
API Architecture
Kubernetes
Management



    So, if you are a Senior JavaScript Engineer - with experience, please apply today!
   
 I would love to setup a time for a quick phone call to go over your experience and tell you all about the company.
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Clint Naegel
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

IDR is seeking a Senior C# Developer to join one of our top clients for a 100% Remote opportunity. If you are looking for an opportunity to join a large organization with an ever-growing team-oriented culture, bonus opportunities, and fully remote, please apply today!
Position Overview for the Senior C# Developer

Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code
Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Collaborate on engineering and architecture of custom software solutions
Create end to end system integration designs and deployment strategies
Building SQL tables
Managing security of the positions coming in

Required Skills for the Senior C# Developer

5+ years developing software solutions using .Net
5+ years' experience with IIS and HTML
Strong SQL experience
Experience in enterprise level environments
CRM development/support with Microsoft is a nice to have skill
Microsoft dynamics is a nice to have
Mobile app development is a nice to have

What’s in it for you?

Competitive compensation package
Full Benefits; Medical, Vision, Dental, and more!
Opportunity to get in with an industry leading organization
Close-knit and team-oriented culture

Why IDR?

20+ Years of Proven Industry Experience in 4 major markets
Employee Stock Ownership Program
Dedicated Engagement Manager who is committed to you and your success
Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance
ClearlyRated’s Best of Staffing® Client and Talent Award winner 9 years in a row

**The end client is unable to sponsor or transfer visas for this position; all parties authorized to work in the US without sponsorship are encouraged to apply.**
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $100,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

C#: 3 years (Preferred)
.NET: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Senior Software Engineer - 3D Tomography 
  
   -URGENTLY HIRING SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEERS-
   

 Job Title: Senior Software Engineer 
 Job Type: Direct-hire / Permanent 
 Salary: $165K to $185K DOE 
 Location:100% REMOTE  If you are a Senior Software Engineer with strong C++ experience, please read on!  Based in Newark, CA, we are a top defense and screening technology company with a broad global presence. Our unique and innovative company ensures continued safety and support is provided for our clients' staff and systems, as well as the general public. Due to growth and demand for our services, we are in need of a talented Senior Software Engineer to join our diverse team and help us continue to drive success for many years to come!


 Top Reasons to Work with Us

 HUGE growth opportunities  
We are extremely well-established. We're not a start-up 
 Highly complex and scalable product line

 What You Will Be Doing

 You will be a part of our integral team which focuses on developing the system control components for our 3D tomography system. This will also include development of low level controls which will effect electrical and mechanical motions within our system.   
Be a hands-on developer / team player 
 Design, develop, implement, and test features for new releases 
 Act as a mentor to more junior team members 
 Work cross-organizationally with multiple teams / individuals

 What You Need for this Position

 BSCS or Master's degree in a related field of study 
 Expert level experience with C++ 
 Strong Python experience  
Experience in object-oriented design, design patterns, data structure, algorithms, systems architecture, etc.  
Basic SQL experience   Nice to have: 
 Experience writing device drivers in Linux  
Experience with NodeJS 
 Experience with CORBA or Thrift

 What's In It for You

 Competitive base salary ($165K to $185K) 
 Annual incentive bonus plan  
Health benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision) 
 PTO 
 401(K) 
 Flexible hours 
 Work/life balance  
Tuition assistance 
 Paid maternity/paternity leave 
 Growth Opportunities 
 Amazing internal culture/team!


    So if this sounds like you and you're looking to grow with an incredible organization, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Brennen Leftwick
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

We are looking for a qualified Front-end developer to join our IT team. You will be responsible for building the ‘client-side’ of our web applications. You should be able to translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications. If you’re interested in creating a user-friendly environment by writing code and moving forward in your career, then this job is for you. We expect you to be a tech-savvy professional, who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design. Ultimately, you should be able to create a functional and attractive digital environment for our company, ensuring great user experience.
Responsibilities

Use markup languages like HTML to create user-friendly web pages
Maintain and improve website
Optimize applications for maximum speed
Design mobile-based features
Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability
Get feedback from, and build solutions for, users and customers
Write functional requirement documents and guides
Create quality mockups and prototypes
Help back-end developers with coding and troubleshooting
Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency
Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies

Skills

Proven work experience as a Front-end developer
Must have experience with .NET and C#
Hands on experience with markup languages
Experience with Vue.js, JavaScript, CSS and HTML
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging
In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment)
Understanding of layout aesthetics
Knowledge of SEO principles
Familiarity with software like Adobe Suite, Photoshop and content management systems
An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment
Excellent analytical and multitasking skills
BSc degree in Computer Science or relevant field

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Chicago, IL: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Required)

Experience:

.NET: 5 years (Preferred)
CSS: 3 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

Must Haves: 

7-10 years in application development, at least 2 years in solution architecture
Excellent knowledge of .NET, JavaScript, and front-end web application frameworks
Competency in modeling using tools such as Visual Studio and Visio
Strong knowledge of governance and good documentation
Hands-on experience with software architectures such as SOA, Onion, MVVM, SPA
Hands-on experience with Azure and/or Amazon cloud technologies

Day to Day: 

Creates overall design for projects and common design principles
Makes proposals and contributes to the technical architecture and solution design
Conducts or participates in POC exercises for complex issues
Facilitates tool selection by providing feedback
Provides technical expertise to resolve escalated incidents for the team
Leads and makes significant contributions in the creation of department coding standards and standard operating procedures
Provides effort and duration estimation for combined deliverables for the team, creates development plan
Reviews technical design for team assigned tasks, identifies opportunities for common and reusable components
Works with the involved parties from QA and business teams to facilitate test plans and prepare environments
Designs measures for incident prevention

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $145,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Solution architecture: 2 years (Required)
.NET: 4 years (Required)
JavaScript: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  DevOps Manager 
  
   If you are a DevOps Manager with experience, please read on!
   
 We are a Post Series B start up with over $195M in funding. We are in the healthcare space and deliver tools for physicians and life sciences in colorectal cancer and inflammatory bowel disease space. We are becoming the leader in computational gastroenterology space with our powerful, proprietary artificial intelligence tools powered by computer vision and machine learning technology. We are looking for a DevOps Engineering Manager with years of devops development experience and management.
  
 What You Need for this Position

6+ years of DevOps Engineering 
3+ years of DevOps with AWS 
2+ years of managing 
Healthcare
AWS
Management
Microservices
Data Pipelines
Medical
EMR
Machine Learning

 What's In It for You

$160k-$225k 
Remote 
Stock Options
Benefits


    So, if you are a DevOps Manager with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Chris Cavish
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Solutions Architect - SaaS (Remote) 
  
   If you are a Solutions Architect coming from a SaaS background and looking for remote work, please read on!
   
 For over 40 years, we have been an industry leader in connecting people through our high-quality digital products. We're looking for intelligent and driven individuals to join our team and help us continue our mission to make a difference in our communities.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    You will be making a significant impact through our constantly evolving platform by:
   

Overseeing all-things technical in our projects
Utilizing the best technical solutions
Planning, analyzing, and designing new solutions
Assessing new technologies and suggesting paths of adoption
Ensuring successful delivery of projects through collaboration with other stakeholders


 What You Need for this Position

10+ years working experience
5+ years of experience as a Sr. Software Engineer / Architect
AWS
SaaS
Experience designing and building scalable solutions

 Bonus Points for:
  

AWS Certified Solution Architect Professional
SOA / Microservices

 What's In It for You

Fully Remote
Strong base pay + full benefits
Tuition Assistance
Parental Leave Programs
401k


    So, if you are a Solutions Architect with SaaS experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Marcus Molina
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Role: Java Developer
Location: Remote
TOP REQUIREMENTS:

Design and develop reusable Microservice capabilities that meet customer requirements while upholding high standards of reliability, security, maintainability, and performance.
Thorough understanding of fundamental software engineering and computer science principles: object-oriented development, Microservices, SOA, data access layer management, usability, debugging, and configuration management
Perform software quality assurance, including integrated automated testing

Primary Responsibilities:

Design and develop reusable Microservice capabilities that meet customer requirements while upholding high standards of reliability, security, maintainability, and performance.
Thorough understanding of fundamental software engineering and computer science principles: object-oriented development, Microservices, SOA, data access layer management, usability, debugging, and configuration management
Perform software quality assurance, including integrated automated testing
Build in monitoring instrumentation into applications
Continually monitor industry developments in data developments tools, and products used in the continuous delivery model
Lead solving complex problems and/or conduct complex analysis
Provide explanations and information to others on difficult issues
Coach, provide feedback and guide others
Identify/quantify scope and impact of business changes on systems
Worked in cloud infrastructure like Azure.

REQUIREMENTS:

5 – 7 years of experience in Java
Experience developing RESTful APIs or RESTful web services
Experience using Java and the Spring Framework including Springboot, Kafka using any RDBMS or any DB. Preferably Azure SQL
Experience building batch/back end applications based on Micro services Architecture
Proficiency in Jenkins pipeline CI/CD, Github, Docker and Maven, Kubernetes
Proficiency in Azure DevOps [ Good to have]
Skills: Core Java, Microservices, Spring
Good object-oriented programming
Knowledge on Continuous Delivery pipeline and DevOps culture (SDLC, CI/CD, Monitoring)
Knowledge on Agile Methodology

Job Type: Contract
Salary: $40.00 - $55.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


  Remote- .Net Developer, SQL 
  
   If you are a Remote- .Net Developer, SQL with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Developing services and integrations by studying existing technology architecture
Programming objects, events, functions, error handling, and data validation
Adhering and contributing to development policies, procedures, and standards
Reviewing current systems
Presenting ideas for system and process improvements
Working closely with senior developers, architects, and other team members
Testing the solutions in controlled, real-world situations before going live
Maintaining the systems once they are up and running

 Skills
  


Strong understanding of .NET C#
Experience with MS SQL Server or other type of T-SQL is a plus
Working knowledge of design patterns and cybersecurity practices
Familiarity with web services including SOA, OData, and microservices is a plus
Strong analysis and trouble-shooting skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a collaborative team
Willingness to learn and acquire new skills
Attention to detail

 Required Experience: 1 to 4 years of experience, in an academic or professional setting, creating technology solutions utilizing .NET or Java
   Required Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/Computer Information Technology or equivalent
   What You Need for this Position

Software Engineer
.NET
C#
MySQL
SQL

 What's In It for You

    Salary: $80K-$100K
   

Medical insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Life insurance
401(k)
Vacation/PTO
Professional Development Assistance



    So, if you are a Remote- .Net Developer, SQL with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Anya Glover
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Opportunity: Abt Associates seeks a qualified Oracle Database and Application Express (APEX) Developer to support the Data Science and Survey and Enabling Technologies Division. The candidate will be expected to support the full life cycle development of custom APEX applications. Additionally, a strong understanding of data flows, data migrations and data validation is expected. The candidate will work closely with internal and external clients and serve as both a consultant and solutions provider. The developer must work with the solutions architect to define solutions to meet the business needs. The developer will assist in testing, quality assurance and post rollout troubleshooting and enhancements. Candidate should demonstrate a willingness to seek novel solutions to technology and business problems and the flexibility to acquire the necessary skills for implementation.Familiarity in working with DOD data systems or other government data systems a plus.****Key Roles and Responsibilities: 

Design, build and maintain custom Oracle applications in Oracle APEX
Document and migrate data from existing Oracle Forms solutions to APEX
Participates in client needs assessments, develops strategy and information architecture, including sitemaps and wireframes
Supports clients technical issues with APEX applications
Acts as liaison with internal partners and individual users to ensure positive web experience.
Creates associated documentation for the applications
Ensures that all documents meet established content standards
Ability to pick up additional skills quickly

Preferred Skills / Prerequisites: 

Oracle APEX
Oracle Forms
Oracle Procedures
SQL and PL/SQL
Software development tools like Jira and Confluence
A desire to write re-usable, readable code using the most up to date industry standards
Strong communication skills, particularly in translating perceived needs into technical requirements
Self-motivated and able to work independently in a fast paced, deadline driven environment

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree + Five years of relevant experience, or Master's Degree + Three years of relevant experience, or PhD

This position offers an anticipated annual base salary range of approximately $85,000 to $99,000 and may vary by ten percent depending on candidate geographic location. Salary offers are made based on internal equity and market analysis.
Abt Associates is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse workforce. Abt Associates provides market-competitive salaries and comprehensive employee benefits. Local candidates strongly encouraged to apply. #LI-TS1
Disclaimer: Abt Associates will never ask candidates for money in exchange for an offer of employment.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,000.00 - $99,000.00 per year


  REMOTE Platform Engineer (Go) 
  
   If you are a REMOTE Platform Engineer (Go) with experience, please read on!
   
 JOB TITLE: Platform Engineer 
    JOB LOCATION: 100% REMOTE
    JOB Requirements: Strong Experience with Go or C++ and a willingness to learn Go
    Salary Range: 110k to 160k
   
 We are a leading SaaS application that allows marketers to easily test innovative digital and mobile marketing strategies with tools that prove the ROI of marketing campaigns. Real-time, item-level attribution data directly from the merchant's point of sale provides Marketers with actionable insights while campaigns are still running. We are working with multiple fortune 500 companies to increase their customer engagement!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    100% Remote Opportunity
    Great company culture! Everyone loves working here. 
    Tons of growth opportunity. We are a rapidly growing company that promotes from within.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    You will be writing code in Golang that supports our platform.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    "Experience with Go or C/C++ and a willingness to learn Golang
    "Experience working with Docker containers and orchestration with Docker Compose
    "Experience with and cloud platforms, such as AWS, Azure or GCP.
    "Experience with Web Services
    "Experience with multithreading.
  

    So, if you are a REMOTE Platform Engineer (Go) with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Our Clients Senior Cloud Engineers are focused on architecting, implementing and managing the core technology infrastructure and enterprise systems. Depth in knowledge in working with various IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS offerings from CSPs as well as third-party providers. You will be responsible for research, architecting, implementing, and creating tools that automate, monitor, and scale infrastructure within Azure, AWS, and GCP within IL2-IL6 environments.
Major Duties & Responsibilities

Provide technical expertise on infrastructure engineering with an emphasis on modern cloud infrastructure, hybrid cloud, and on-prem solutions
Architect, deploy and support complex networks to secure communication to/from existing enclaves
Develop CI/CD pipelines to automate deployments, scale infrastructure, and provide highly available enterprise-level information systems
Ability to present research findings and technical information in a concise manner that can be understood by non-engineers and gives decision-makers the context and key points necessary to make necessary decisions
Prepare white papers and informational memoranda on technical areas of interest, such as tactical edge architecture, service integration, etc

Qualifications
Required Qualifications / Skills

Currently holding a TS/SCI clearance
This role is mostly remote, with a focus on the DMV area for location
Hands-on experience with deploying, configuring, and automating a variety of IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS solutions with AWS, Azure, and GCP environments
Deep understanding of Enterprise level Networking components such as BGP Routing, ACLs, Firewalls, Load balancers, VPN, SSL, TLS, SMTP, DNS, DCHP
Extensive knowledge with IAM principles for Authorization and Authentication models
Familiar with Containerization (AKS, EKS, Docker, Kubernetes, Prometheus, etc.)
High proficiency in working within virtualized environments (VMware, Hyper-V, Citrix, Redhat)
Good communication and interpersonal skills

Desired Qualifications

Experience with RMF is a big plus
CI/CD pipeline development
Terraform, Ansible, Puppet experience
Scripting knowledge a plus (Python, Bash, Perl, PowerShell)
Azure or AWS certifications
Knowledge of the DoD is strongly preferred

Additional Information
LARC Staffing, LLC is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $1.00 - $2.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Security clearance:

Top Secret (Required)

Work Location: Multiple Locations
POSITION SUMMARY
Vintage Wine Estates is looking for an ambitious and self-driven Senior Web Developer to join our innovative and collaborative team. Reporting to our Director of Web Development & Programming, the Senior Web Developer will oversee a small team of developers and is responsible for improving the quality of web content and functionality supporting our ecommerce, wine club and tasting rooms. Additionally, this role will champion overall website development and user experience by translating our company and customer needs into functional, informative, accessible, and appealing interactive tools. Applicants should have a strong desire to create a user-friendly environment by writing inclusive code, having a curiosity for new digital technologies and aspirations to combine usability with visual design.

PRIMARY FUNCTIONS
This position is highly collaborative and will lead all front-end web development for Vintage Wine Estates’ 40+ websites, including 30 functional ecommerce sites. This role will spearhead all site redesigns and functionality updates. Must be comfortable interacting with various brand stakeholders and communicating and translating their vision to functional and cohesive web design, while overseeing a small team of developers.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Oversee full site development lifecycle: from estimation, design, development, testing, to deployment.
Work directly with design and content teams to craft and implement website updates.
Ongoing review of the websites to identify and recommend site usability and functionality improvements.
Collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability.
Write standard operating procedures for development and maintenance.
Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency across sites.
Stay informed on emerging technologies/industry trends and make recommendations based on learnings.
Lead a small team of developers to implement updates in a fast-paced and growing environment.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
5+ years of proficient hands-on front end web development experience using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
5+ years coding responsive design web pages (with Bootstrap is a plus)
Solid grasp of design principles and user interface guidelines.
Advanced experience with modern web development (JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3).
Strong understanding of SEO and structured data
Strong understanding of mobile & responsive design & development practices
Experience with debugging feature and performance issues
Ability to translate requirements, wireframes, and conceptual designs into high quality, visually appealing, and intuitive responsive user interfaces and accessible user experiences.
Eagerness to stay ahead of the latest front-end technologies, learn independently and bring lessons back to the team
Good verbal and written communication and influencing skills

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree in a related field
Database programming (MySQL)
Google Analytics/Tag Manager experience
Wordpress Experience
CoreSense Experience
Wine industry experience

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, PROFESSIONAL DESIGNATIONS
Certifications in computer science/graphic design/web design

WORKING CONDITIONS
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position
The functions of this position are primarily performed from a seated position in an office environment
Must be able to manipulate a computer keyboard that can involve repetitive motion
Job may sometimes require ability to lift up to 45 lbs
Coordinate multiple tasks simultaneously
Must be available to work evenings, weekends, and holidays when necessary

Vintage Wine Estates provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
We are looking for an engineer with a “find a way or make a way” attitude that is excited to join a small but growing team that has more projects than developers. This opportunity is for someone excited for autonomy, ownership, and breadth of responsibility. As a Senior engineer in the frontend/javascript realm we’re looking for engineers with a passion for keeping up with the direction the community is going and incorporating community best practices into our workflows. This is an opportunity to be a senior thought leader on tooling and patterns for the team.
Our environment is typical of a start-up: 

We work in small teams, fast-paced, we all get a lot done by everyone wearing many hats.
We are serious about optimizing our time and staying focused on the most important goals and outcomes.
We are a remote team and are completely on board with 100% remote work, meaning we focus on over-communication to ensure we can stay in sync despite our physical distance.
We coordinate using a kanban board, hold a daily standup, and mostly communicate via ad hoc video calls and Slack.
We’re building lots of new things, but also maintaining a significant business. We are mindful of the balance and need to monitor and pay down tech debt and also innovate with exciting greenfield projects.

Tech stack.

Our retail application is a frontend-heavy PWA written in NodeJS and React, containerized via Docker, and Deployed via Kubernetes. We also make heavy use of Parse Server, which provides an API to the MongoDB via REST and GraphQL endpoints.
We have several other applications you will probably interact with that utilize a combination of NextJS, GraphQL, Cloud Functions, Auth0, among other APIs.

Build something challenging.
This isn't just another CRUD application. Your challenge will be to deliver a highly-available service with complex business logic being used by hundreds of businesses 24/7 to keep their operations running. Our entity model is vast and a major part of our domain is synchronizing data with third party traceability systems. Explore the limits of your resourcefulness by designing human and automated systems that deliver consistent performance, reliability and scale whilst working with less-than-ideal third-party requirements and systems.
See if you fit our requirements.
For this role, we are looking for someone with the following characteristics: 

5-10 years experience working in back-end applications
5-10 years experience working with front-end applications
Deep Familiarity with Node JS and Express
Familiarity with GraphQL, Typescript
Familiarity with Docker and containerized orchestration in a cloud environment. Bonus for experience with CI pipelines and related workflows.
Kubernetes and Google Cloud (Google Kubernetes Engine). 
Familiarity with PWA best practices
Familiarity with ES6 & ReactJS, Bonus for familiarity with Vercel/Next, AntD, Semantic UI
Bonus for experience working in a fast paced / high-expectations startup environment
Ability to acutely focus on company objectives and mission at hand.
Proven dedication to creating maintainable, functional, and reliable systems.
Ability to pass a background check; have appropriate work authorization
An eye for design, detail, and user experience

Your Mission & Responsibilities: 

Architect, plan and build new features, ranging from discussing wireframes to creating the data model to architecting deployment processes.
Contribute to maintaining and building out robustness of our Core implementation.
Contribute to our engineering culture by designing and developing with intention as well as our focus on continuous improvement.
Keep up with the latest developments in the javascript/typescript world, help keep the team moving with the fast-paced changes in that world.
Advise, mentor and lead other full time engineers and contractors on projects, small to large, from start to finish.
Ensuring high availability of retail services for our customers
Assist with deployments and infrastructure architecture/orchestration.

To achieve our mission, we always look for high-caliber people who share our core values: 

Be Customer Obsessed: As a core engineer, our ideal candidate should be passionate about understanding how what they’re building will be used by customers and strive to build the best product possible.
Over Communicate: As a 100% remote company, over communication is key to delivering continued productivity across all teams. Our ideal candidate goes above and beyond to ensure important messages are received by the correct party. 
Challenge Respectfully: Dama is far more likely to succeed by examining problems and situations through several lenses. Our ideal candidate should be able to engage and work with engineering and product teams to ensure we are delivering the best solution for our customers.
Extreme Ownership: At Dama, we pride ourselves on each member practicing extreme ownership and accountability. Our ideal candidate should be able and willing to take ownership of customer reported issues and see them all the way to their resolution.
Stay Curious, Stay Scrappy: Most of us dork out over non-work related topics at a ridiculous level of detail, because that’s how we’re wired. We’re naturally inquisitive, ask tough questions and aren’t afraid to ruffle feathers to find better answers. Our Ideal candidate should be intuitive and eager to learn new things.
Do Less Better: At Dama, we believe that the path to becoming the market leader looks like focusing on doing fewer things, but doing them better than anyone else in the industry. Our Ideal candidate is able to create a “path of least resistance” when resolving customer reported issues.
Results Get Rewarded: At Dama, we recognize that the quickest path to becoming the top company in the industry is by forming the top team in the industry. Our ideal candidate should have a heartbeat on KPIs related to engineering team and should be focused on measuring and improving metrics related to his or her position.

Other Details.

We are a fully remote company, you can work anywhere you’d like with a reliable internet connection and within a reasonable range of USA time zones.
We offer health benefits, 401k, unlimited time off, and other cool perks. 
We use a level 1 through 7 system for engineering. We’re targeting a level 5 with this role which is associated with an annual salary in the range of $150,000 - $170,000 USD. All offers include an equity component as well.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Back End Application: 5 years (Preferred)
Front End Application: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Lead or Senior C++ Engineer needed for a long term position (either as a contractor or as a PERMANENT Full-Time employee) with a healthcare software company working remotely from home in the USA.
REQUIRED SKILLS: 

C++
PACS (Picture Archiving and Communication System) OR DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine)
JavaScript – preferred or willing to learn
RIS (Radiology Information System) – preferred but not required

The Lead or Senior Software Engineer is responsible for supervising a team of Software Engineers. The team writes and maintains enterprise-level software used in the healthcare industry to process images taken by medical imaging equipment (MRI, ultrasound, etc.). These images are then viewed and evaluated by radiologists to determine possible health concerns, which will be later reported back to the referring physician or the patient themselves.
Development tasks include:
· Development of server-side image processing applications (C++)
· Development of web-based image viewer (JavaScript)
· Development of client-side tools for end-users (C++)
· Review/Approval of developer code before merge
Technical Environment
· C++ server-side image processing applications
· JavaScript web-based image viewer
· C++ client-side tools for end-users
· Developer code Review/Approval
· Image processing mathematics (matrix transformation, interpolation, etc.)
· SQL Relational DBs (PostgreSQL)
· RESTful API developing and maintaining.
· Templates and generic programming
· STL containers and STL algorithms
· Multi-threading and knowledge of the memory model
· Mutex & locks
· Smart pointers
· Visual Studio and gcc compilers
· Move semantics (rvalues & lvalues)
· Lambda functions.
· Linux & Windows development environments
· Front-end code for speed (client-side performance)
· Scalable UI design & development.
· Debugging tools like Chrome Developer tools.
· Canvas/Node/Backbone/Paper JS libraries.
· Node
· PACS (picture archiving and communication system)
· DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine)
· RIS (Radiology Information System)
· GIT SCM and Atlassian suite of developer products (Bitbucket, JIRA, Confluence).
· CI/CD continuous integration/continuous delivery workflows.
· Image processing, 2D/3D modeling.
· SVG, WebGL, WebXR
· GIT
If you can start a new long-term position working remotely from home in the USA with 2 weeks’ notice, please rush your resume to be confidentially considered.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $125,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software Development: 5 years (Preferred)
C++: 5 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

DevOps Architect 
MUST HAVES: 

Experience with using git, git branching models, bitbucket/GitHub
Experience with Continuous Integration tools (like Jenkins, GitHub actions etc.)
Jenkins
CI/CD workflows
Experience with scripting and automation
Groovy, R
Proficiency in python or any automation language
Agile based Devops background

DAY TO DAY RESPONSIBILITIES: 
An employer is looking for a REMOTE Software Integration Architect to support a company based out of San Diego, CA.

Design Integration and release strategy in git for a unique software workflow to optimize the software qualification times and improve process efficiency.
Design branching strategy and CICD architecture/pipelines in git for software development, integration and release involving multiple inter-dependent (build dependencies) repositories
Actively involve the code base migration from SVN to GIT version control
Design data pipelines to collect data/metrics from machines to help with SW qualification/analysis
Identify potential areas for automation in the integration workflow
Act as a technical lead and guide software automation team to see through the implementation
Attend weekly scrum meetings

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $95.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Git: 3 years (Required)
Continuous integration: 3 years (Required)
CI/CD: 3 years (Required)
Scripting: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Keona Health is changing the way patients are interacting with their doctors by bringing cutting edge customer service trends to healthcare. We are leading the development of healthcare’s only modern ticketing and CRM system. Join our company during this period of growth!
 This is a 100% remote work job that covers full health benefits for you and your family. We provide a great work/life balance. Don't believe us? Check out our Glassdoor employee reviews: https://www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/Keona-Health-Reviews-E1142943.htm
 Every employee gets stock options and a sign-on bonus. For more information on what we do, please see https://www.keonahealth.com
 This job is permanently 100% remote. Salary: $130,000

 Work as part of a dynamic team on the development of Health Desk, Keona’s premier flagship patient access platform built in React and .NET.
 Deliver across product life-cycle, from concept/requirements to final product
 Integrate product with our customers and business partners
 Work directly with clients to gather custom requirements and provide product training
 Author training material and documentation to be provided to clients and other developers
 Provide timely and professional customer support when required.
 Improve processes to accelerate delivery timelines
 Code must be clean and easy to understand
 6+ Year’s experience with .NET MVC with C#, HTML, CSS, Javascript
 2+ Year’s experience with a Javascript UI framework such as React or Angular
 3+ Year's experience with Microsoft SQL Server or Azure SQL with strong knowledge of the SQL language
 Some experience with the Azure cloud is a plus
 Some DevOps experience is a plus
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, MIS, or related field, or equivalent experience
 Customer support and requirements gathering skill

 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the US. We do not currently support any new visa sponsorship opportunities or sponsorship transfers.



You are a driven and motivated problem solver ready to pursue meaningful work. You strive to make an impact every day & not only at work, but in your personal life and community too. If that sounds like you, then you've landed in the right place.

 The CloudOps Full Stack Engineer is a hands-on technical role responsible for undertaking projects and tasks as part of the Enterprise Cloud Operations team that provides IaaS, PaaS, and cloud native service support for various lines of business. The position requires a strong understanding of a wide variety of AWS services and how these services interoperate within The Hartford’s enterprise technology infrastructure. These AWS services include (but are not limited to) the following: Compute Services - EC2; Storage Services – EBS, S3, FSX; SSM; SNS; VPC; CloudFormation; Elastic Load Balancing; Lambda; and CloudWatch. Other IT Infrastructure engineering experience required for this position includes Linux server administration, enterprise software implementation, and server security technologies.

 Responsibilities:

 Self-starter/self-motivated, capable of staying on track and pursuing solutions without supervision; flexible; “do-whatever-it-takes” solution-oriented approach.
 Ability to work in a team setting with a delivery focused mentality.
 Strong track record of service delivery using ITIL processes
 Detail-oriented and problem solver.
 Able to work under pressure, meet deadlines, and handle multiple initiatives simultaneously.
 Determined to deliver outcomes and able to overcome obstacles in order to resolve service management incidents.


 Qualifications:

 Hands-on technical role to undertake projects and tasks with minimal supervision.
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience.
 A minimum of 5+ years of IT Infrastructure experience required, including experience with compute and storage infrastructure.
 Server engineering experience with IT Infrastructure projects involving Linux server administration, enterprise software implementation, and server security technologies is required.
 Server engineering experience with Windows server administration is a plus.
 AWS engineering experience with the following AWS services: EC2, EBS, S3, FSx, SSM, SNS, VPC, CloudFormation, Elastic Load Balancing, Lambda, and CloudWatch
 Additional engineering skills in the following areas: IaC platforms such as Terraform and CloudFormation, Jenkins and Github pipeline and repo platforms, Agile methodologies, Rally, Visio, and MS Office Suite.
 Determined to deliver outcomes and able to overcome obstacles in order to resolve service management incidents.
 Strong written and oral communications skills and the ability to work effectively with employees at all levels within the organization, as well as proficiency in creating technical documentation.
 Insurance or financial services industry experience is a plus.


 Compensation
 The listed annualized base pay range is primarily based on analysis of similar positions in the external market. Actual base pay could vary and may be above or below the listed range based on factors including but not limited to performance, proficiency and demonstration of competencies required for the role. The base pay is just one component of The Hartford’s total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include short-term or annual bonuses, long-term incentives, and on-the-spot recognition. The annualized base pay range for this role is:
 $113,120 - $169,680
  
 Benefits
 Our company’s success is due to our employees’ dedication and passion for their work. They are our greatest asset. That’s why we are committed to offering employees and their families a comprehensive benefits package and award-winning well-being programs. By helping our employees achieve their full potential, we unlock our own. Visit https://www.thehartford.com/careers/benefits for details.

 Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or Expression/Religion/Age
 Cloud Engineer - IE07OE
 
Company Overview
Sleep Number team members are part of a passionate, purpose-driven culture that supports improving the health and wellbeing of society through higher quality sleep. We are not just focused on our customers, however; being employed by Sleep Number means your personal wellbeing is important, too. As we continue to grow, we are looking for team members who will bring their unique personalities, backgrounds, and skills to work. Whether you are entering, returning, or experienced in the workforce, we have a place for you.
In our 35+ years in the industry we have improved over 13 million lives, and we are just getting started. With 5,000+ team members nationwide supporting work disciplines from technology to manufacturing, retail stores to field services technicians, corporate teams to customer service, we are a sleep innovation leader because of our team members. Now is a great time to join us as we invest further in our people and sleep innovation. #TeamSleepNumber
Position Purpose
The Digital Marketing Software Engineer role brings the creative vision and strategy for Sleepnumber.com to life creating an exceptional user experience with the Sleep Number brand that furthers consideration and conversion. This is a remote position with some travel expectations to Sleep Number's headquarters in Minneapolis, MN.
Primary Responsibilities
Engineer, test and deploy pages, modules and other web experiences to support the Digital Marketing goals, strategies, and objectives
Enhance the e-commerce platform to enable new capabilities and efficiencies to our business users and development teams
Promote excellence in stability, deployment confidence, and security across the e-commerce platform codebase
Leverage best-in-class standards and technology to maximize the performance of platforms and applications
Write unit, integration and functional tests using applicable modern testing framework
Embrace the Agile principles and methodologies
Encourage personal growth and excellence through code review process
#LI-REMOTE
Technologies
Ruby, Rails, Javascript, ReactJS, ImmerJS, Emotion, SCSS, Jest, React Testing Library, Cypress, Webpack.
Position Requirements
5 years of demonstrated experience in software engineering and web development with an advanced knowledge of Javascript and/or Ruby/Rails
3 years professional experience with ReactJS
Experience with responsive design and development
Knowledge of Agile principles and SCRUM methodologies
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Excellent team building and collaboration skills
Pay & Benefits
WELLBEING AT SLEEP NUMBER, WITH SLEEP AT THE CENTER
Improving the health and wellbeing of society through higher quality sleep starts with you. We strive to infuse wellbeing into all aspects of our culture championing your emotional, financial, career, community, and physical health.
By joining Team Sleep Number, in addition to offering competitive pay programs, we are proud to offer eligible team members an extensive wellbeing package including, but not limited to comprehensive health plan options, 401(k) Plan with discretionary company match, incentive eligibility paid time off and much more:
A free Sleep Number 360® Smart Bed for team members, and additional product discounts for friends and family throughout the year.
Emotional wellbeing resources to help you balance life, such as free access to therapy, family care concierge and discounted childcare.
Financial support when you need it the most - paid parental leave, time to recover from an illness or injury, and saving for lifes expected & unexpected adventures.
Opportunities for connection in and outside of work through our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Council, and volunteerism in our communities.
Career development supported by our tuition reimbursement program. and continuous learning and development opportunities.
Work for your day flexibility, available for select corporate roles.
Safety
Safety is a top priority for Sleep Number supporting customers and team members wellbeing. COVID-19 Precaution(s) are in place consistent with CDC guidelines, U.S. Department of Labor’s Occupational Health & Safety Administration (OSHA), and state/local laws.
EEO Statement
Sleep Number is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to recruiting, hiring and promoting qualified people and prohibit discrimination based on race, color, marital status, religion, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), sexual orientation, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, genetic information (including testing and characteristics), veteran status, uniformed servicemember status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law.
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
It is Sleep Number’s policy to provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities during the application process, consistent with applicable law. We may require supporting medical or religious documentation where applicable and permissible by law. If you are a qualified individual, you may request a reasonable accommodation at any time during the selection process, including if you are unable or otherwise limited in your ability to access open roles here.

  REMOTE: Senior Software Engineer with leading AI analytics firm 
  
   If you are a REMOTE: Senior Software Engineer with leading AI analytics firm with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    Description
   
 We are looking for a skilled full-stack software engineer to join our small team of top performing software developers. The team is focused on developing complex, AI-based algorithms and forecasting applications for risk management and decision support in the finance industry. The sr. software engineer position requires close collaboration with our science and product teams to promote learning, effective working relationships, and more efficient product development. 
   
 As a Sr. Software Engineer, you will: 
   
 Prototype and develop new products. 
    Maintain existing legacy software. 
    Research and introduce new technologies for internal tools and production software 
    (e.g. to accelerate product prototyping, or to facilitate customer deployments). 
    Re-architect and re-engineer core software to integrate new features and products, and to make it more flexible and easier to maintain. 
    Work as part of an agile development team.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    Required Skills: 
   
 5+ years as a software engineer 
    Experience with frontend development in React 
    Experience with C++
    Experience with C# .NET development 
    Experience in an agile environment 
    Bachelors degree in a technical field; Engineering, Computer Science, etc., Masters preferred 
    Experience with SQL and relational databases 
   
 Preferred: 
   
 Experience with Rust 
    Experience with XML/json 
    Experience coding in a secure environment 
    Experience with cloud-based software development 
    Experience developing for cross-platform portability 
    Proficient developing and coding mathematically complex algorithms
  
 What's In It for You

    Competitive Salary (DOE); $130 - $150k 
    Annual bonus
    Great Healthcare Benefits - most are 100% company paid
    Generous Paid Leave 
    Flexibility to work remotely
  

    So, if you are a REMOTE: Senior Software Engineer with leading AI analytics firm with experience, please apply today! Or, if you prefer to apply directly, please email to kyle.westhorpe@cybercoders.com.
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Kyle Westhorpe
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary

 We are looking for full stack expert .Net Software Support Lead Engineer with strong development background that are always learning, supporting our business applications and adapting to the ever-evolving technical landscape.

 Essential Functions:
 Ability to understand code and to write your own for automation tasks

 Experience with handling and supporting live production incidents.

 Excellent application debugging and infrastructure troubleshooting skills.

 Collaborate with development and operations team to ensure availability and reliability of the application and infrastructure.

 Serve as an escalation point for other Systems Administrators, Engineers, and other technology teams in the resolution of server and system problems.

 Monitor application performance and make recommendations to improve overall application proficiency.

 Investigate and resolve production issues with application and environment.

 Ensure production operation readiness of code and hotfix releases.

 Deep dive and conduct root cause analysis of application problems and prevent it.

 Fine tune existing or develop new custom internal tools for application monitoring.

 Triage, prioritize, and resolve or escalate inbound support cases in timely manner.

 Contribute to knowledge base to disseminate product knowledge throughout the company.

 Participate in weekend on-call rotation for production support.

 Strong written and verbal communication skills

 Constantly updating personal technical and business knowledge and skills and mentoring others to increase the knowledge and skills of the team

 Strong organizational and Project Management skills

 Requirements:

 Requires Bachelor's degree in computer science.
 7+ years of hand-on experience in application and technical support role in live production environment.
 Strong experience with Microsoft Technologies C# .Net Framework, .Net Core, SQL Server.
 Experience developing and supporting web-based, web services, and database driven applications
 Experience in API management tools like Akana, Mashery, Apigee
 Experience in monitoring infrastructure performance using standard performance monitoring tools (Perfmon, ProcDum, DebugDiag, JMeter, JCconsole, etc.)
 Experience in working with AWS stack.
 Experience with automation using PowerShell, Python scripting or similar technologies.
 Strong customer service and communication skills
 Extensive experience with Splunk or similar log monitoring tools
 Experience with monitoring tool development (Java /JavaScript framework/Elastic /log stash /Kibana)
 Experience with AppDynamics and CloudWatch or similar APM monitoring (New Relic, DynaTrace, etc.)

 #TCORPIT
 #techreferral
 #LI-CG1

 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.


 Job Description 
 At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us. 
 The Boeing Company is seeking Senior Software Engineer - DevSecOps / Cloud / Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) Level 4 to join the Enterprise DevSecOps Automated Test Capabilities team as a Technical Lead for Program Deployments . These positions will focus on supporting the Boeing Defense Systems (BDS) business organization. 
 In this role, you will help guide the Boeing Enterprise transformation of DevSecOps across our business units. The successful candidate will design, implement, and maintain a modern system deployment to the cloud environment with Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) workflows for system build, test and deploy in containerized microservices. We operate as a fast paced agile team. We seek candidates who have proven skills in DevOps, Cloud environments, software development, test automation, and system automation. 
 
 These positions will place you in roles where you have the opportunity to make an impact on the results of our project and the development of your peers . The DevOps team offers a collaborative mentoring environment where you have the opportunity to learn from or lead others. 
 
 This position allows telecommuting and does require applicants to live in either of the listed location options : El Segundo, CA, Berkeley, MO, Colorado Springs, CO, or Fairfax, VA full-time. 
 

Position responsibilities:
 Develop and Enhance our DevOps operations in multiple Cloud Service environments 
 Perform in the entire software development life cycle of the DevOps tool chain with a focus on test construction, packaging, deployment, results analysis, and reporting. 
 Perform Trade studies of test development and management tools. 
 Mentor fellow Software Engineers to grow their skills. 
 Collaborate on idea creation and development of the DevOps tool chain supporting test 
 Support the ongoing lifecycle maintenance of the DevOps tool chain 
 Support the software quality efforts of our Boeing product deliveries to our customers 
 

Technology areas of this position are:
 Agile product development 
 Continuous integration, testing, and delivery 
 Automation of unit, integration, system testing and deployment 
 Test Development and Management Tools 
 Testing Analysis and Metrics 
 Rolling out upgrades to our software factories as needed 
 Work closely with developers, testers, and system engineers from multiple product teams 
 Suggest modifications to the DevSecOps workflow to improve efficiency 
 Research and pitch new tools/products to the team 
 
 This position allows telecommuting. The selected candidate will be required to perform some work onsite at one of the listed location options. 
 
 This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship. A final U.S. Secret Clearance Post-Start is required. 
 

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills/Experience):
 Bachelor’s degree or higher in an engineering related discipline and at least nine (9) years of related work experience OR at least thirteen (13) years of related work experience 
 Experience have with Cloud technologies, such as Docker, Kubernetes, AZURE, or AWS 
 Strong programming skills in Java, Python, Go, or C++ 
 Experience in software development, systems engineering, or integration and test experience with mission systems on tactical platforms, flight software, or other complex systems 
 Experience working with and supporting systems with Linux Operating System (OS) 
 Proficient in technologies such as Kubernetes, Rancher, Openshift, Git, Helm, Ansible, Chef, Docker, Prometheus, Grafana, or AppDynamics 
 Experience on Automation and CI/CD techniques and design patterns 
 

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):
 Experience with Docker, Podman and/or Kubernetes 
 Strong knowledge of software testing methods and approaches 
 Experience working with both software and hardware-in-the-loop test environments 
 Strong Working knowledge of the CI/CD process including debugging, test, and integration of software tools. 
 Strong communication skills and a self-starter that can thrive in a distributed remote work environment. 
 Understanding of designing and implementing full stack/Microservice infrastructure. 
 Have the ability to work within a tool-chain using tools such as Jenkins, Gradle, Maven, Artifactory, ELK, SonarQube, Jira, Prometheus, Fluentd, Helm, DataGrid, JBoss, Cloud Suite, OpenShift, Docker and more 
 Exerience with tools for test development and/or management such as Zephr, TestRail, TestComplete, Xray, T4J, Cucumber 
 Significant experience architecting solutions for containerizing legacy applications 
 

Typical Education/Experience:
 Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 9 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD+4 years' related work experience, Master+7 years' related work experience). 
 In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard. 
 

Relocation:
 This position is located in Berkeley, MO, Colorado Springs CO, Fairfax, VA or El Segundo, CA . Relocation assistance is not a negotiable benefit for this position. Candidates must live in the immediate area or relocate at their own expense. 
 
 Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies. 
 

Shift:
 This position is for 1st shift. 
 

Colorado Springs, Colorado Salary Range: Min. $93,000 - Max. $132,000 
 

Equal Opportunity Employer:
 Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Our client is changing the way people connect to social care programs. Launched over 10 years ago in Austin, TX, they have helped over 7 million people find food, health, housing and employment programs in seconds using their SaaS Platform. They're powered by tech, driven to do good, and looking for passionate people. Their mission is to connect all people in need and the programs that serve them (with dignity and ease).

The Platform Team is a distributed team charged with maintaining and developing their software's internal data model and architecture. They are looking for a Senior Software Developer to join the team and help them take our platform into the future in ways that best serve other product teams and their users. We expect this to be a remote role and are open to hiring anywhere in the United States though a slight preference will be given to candidates in the Austin area.

What you NEED to SUCCEED in this challenging role
5+ years working as a professional software developer. We realize that years of experience are not everything. Still, we need someone who has substantial experience with a range of products and working conditions for this role.
Comfortable working independently in a complex Python codebase
You should not have any issues taking charge of understanding messy code and working toward its gradual improvements
Experience transitioning applications to high test coverage
Unit tests are essential, but it's not so simple. You should be able to discuss a more nuanced approach to testing. How do you balance the ideal and practical while moving things in the right direction?
Good understanding of SQL and non-relational databases
It would be best if you were equally confident writing moderately complex SQL queries and working with ORMs. You should be able to give and defend recommendations on DBMS for a given piece of data.
Experience designing cloud-first services, ideally on GCP
Be able to talk about eventual consistency, auto-scaling, event-driven architectures, and when you have used each.
Excellent technical writing and communication skills. We are a distributed team which makes technical writing extra important. We work on improving our technical writing and how it can best communicate complex concepts and workflows. You should be able to join the discussion out of the gate.
Demonstrated history working on a team
You will never have to go off & work by yourself for a sprint. Talking about your preferences and experiences with pair programming, code reviews, mentoring, and relationship building within a technical team should come naturally.
What's in it for YOU?
Excellent Compensation Package includes strong salary range and comprehensive benefits package
401k & stock options, Free food and onsite gym, Paid maternity/paternity leave, Competitive PTO & 10 paid holidays
Pet friendly office with attached dog park
24/7 access to telemedicine and counseling
They value being together and believe this enables stronger relationships, collaboration, and culture.
You can expect to be in-office if you’re applying in cities they currently have offices (Austin, TX and Denver, CO)
Can be remote as well!
We’re building a diverse, inclusive team
Be part of a mission that is changing lives
INDSJ
 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:


Seeking cleared or clearable high level Embedded Software Engineers who are self-motivated and energetic with a experience in Embedded Systems Design and Software Development
Will be part of a multi-disciplinary program responsible for architecting, designing, testing, and deploying embedded software
Will contribute to system requirements generation, embedded software development, and integration and testing of systems using core technologies (Low/High Level SW, RTOS, Linux, C/C++, System C, Python, VHDL, Matlab, DevOps).
Company is developing a Secure Processor ASIC as well as a full SDK (libraries, drivers, tools) for use by internal company programs as well as for use by external customers.
Embedded SW developers will be assigned to one of several agile teams depending on their skillset and the needs of the program.
Needs include embedded linux development (kernel & userspace), experience developing in an RTOS environment, and device driver development experience.
Cryptographic concepts and experience using crypto APIs is a plus.
Work will include code development in C and model development in C++.
Proficiency in Python is required to support Jenkins CI/CD regression testing.

Additional Skills & Qualifications:
Musts:


Bachelor's degree in a technical area (BSEE or other Engineering discipline preferred); or 4 years of relevant experience with a Masters' degree in a technical area (BSEE or other Engineering discipline preferred); or 2 years of relevant experience with a Ph.D. in a technical area (BSEE or other Engineering discipline preferred)
6 years of relevant experience
US citizenship and the ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Security Clearance
Experience with C, C++, Python or other high-order languages in real-time embedded applications
Experience with real-time embedded hardware systems
Solid understanding of software development processes for real-time embedded applications
 PLUS 
 

Experience with Micro-controllers and HW modeling
Experience developing multi-threaded applications in RTOS environment
Experience with Linux kernel and user space development
Experience with hardware (how low/high speed I/O works, QSPI, DMA) working with hardware from a test and debug perspective.
Experience with UEFI cryptography or cryptography basics (familiarity using openSSL)
Experience designing and implementing complex algorithms requiring strict timing, systems resource managed, and interface constraints
Experience with collaboration tools like Jira and Confluence
Experience with modernized software development processes (e.g. Agile, DevOps, DevSecOps)
Experience leading small software development teams and ensuring work is completed in accordance with design and development processes
Highly motivated to solve complex problems and continuously improve
Ability to produce high quality work both independently and with a team
Strong verbal and written technical communication skills
Ability to work well with a high-performing and results-oriented product development team

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
JOB DESCRIPTION
The daily responsibilities include writing componentized, tested code for web applications which will get deployed to production weekly. All changes are tracked in Jira, and bigger changes are based on design docs in a wiki created and updated together with respective stakeholders. The web applications are internal-facing, and stakeholders are readily available for prioritization, feedback and clarification where required.
The role is for work which spans several existing applications, used for running and reporting on calculations. The focus is on front-end development, but you should be comfortable making changes to controllers on the server side where necessary to support the front-end work.
The goal is to componentize existing functionality so it can be reused in similar scenarios, and create new functionality where necessary. Some knowledge of financial markets and products is preferred but not essential.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS4+ years of React.js frontend experience
- React hooks, components, props,
Material UI experience
Unit testing
Experience building React application
DESIRED SKILLSNodejs experience
Position Title: Enhancements Developer
Location: Remote
Position Status: Contract
Position Description:
Our client is looking for Enhancements Developer candidates for a position that is currently remote.
Job Description:
Design, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.
Develop enhancements and modifications for mobile application and web-based application. Uses Oracle database, AngularJS website, Java Spring webservices. Conduct component testing of code changes to ensure code addresses the modification accurately and thoroughly. Perform code reviews for code changes made by other developers. Create and update application designs for application enhancements.
Must be able to pass a background investigation, which will include a drug test, fingerprints, and work history details. Additional criteria needs to be met if you have traveled outside of the US for more than 180 days in the last 5 years. Non-US citizens must have resided in the US five of the last 5 years to fulfill the Client residency requirement. Citizenship requirements – US Citizen, Dual Citizen, Permanent Resident / Green Card Holder. Must not have used any illegal drugs, as declared by the Federal Government, in the past 12 months.
Tech Skills Needed
Java - Intermediate
Oracle Database - Beginner
SQL (Structured Query Language) - Intermediate
Spring Batch Framework - Intermediate
About Seneca Resources:
Seneca Resources is a client driven provider of strategic Information Technology consulting services and Workforce Solutions to government and industry. Seneca Resources is a leading IT services provider with offices in Virginia, Alabama, Georgia, Florida and Texas that service clients throughout the United States.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and value the benefits of diversity in our workplace.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Oracle SQL: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
Spring batch Framework: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Job Summary: 
 4+ years of development experience
  

3+ years of development experience with C#
2+ years of development experience with .Net Core 3.1
2+ years of development experience with ReactJS
Microsoft development environments (Visual Studio, C#, SQL Management Studio)
Knowledge working on Azure Devops Pipelines
In depth knowledge of Micro Services
Knowledge in Docker and Kubernetes
Cloud Computing
Experience with Unit Testing (XUnit, Codecoverage)
PCI compliance best practices and methods
Thorough understanding in systems and data processing policies, practices, and procedures
Experience working with Kafka or another streaming messenger platform is a plus

 Preferred:


Knowledge or experience with sales commission based businesses and/or ecommerce
Distribution, Supply Chain Management (SCM) systems, ERP and methodologies
Mobile Device Development

 Work Environment:


Typical environment found in software teams migrating to agile methodologies.
Zoom and Teams meetings typical
Some weekend and after-hours work will be required for system problems and scheduled
 maintenance windows
 


JOB DESCRIPTION
 An Insight Global client is looking for 2 Python Automation Programmers for a 2 year contract working fully remote, (prefer PST or CST time zone). The resource will work in the Network Operations team where they will be supporting the network in the R&D labs for Virtual Reality products. This will involve creating workflow automation for systems, and work towards a more DevOps model. The resource will support in the detection/classification/investigation of issues, diagnosing of problems and troubleshooting/repair and resolution/escalation of issues for the networking production systems automation team. 
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

3-5+ years experience with Python Programming 
Strong soft skills and ability to work with cross functional teams
Strong experience investigating issues and solving problems 
Experience with automation/ workflow automation of systems 
Ability to investigate issues, diagnose problems, troubleshoot, etc 
Networking experience or understanding of networking terminology and topology (route/switch or protocols TCP/IP etc)
Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field required.



IT BA (Application Development project focus)
Fully remote
Must Haves: 
-5+ years experience as an IT BA
-.NET experience/understanding (working on projects that have to do with .NET written applications)
-Experience interpreting business requirements from users
-Experience writing requirements independently
Plusses: 
Development experience
Web Form design experience
SQL Understanding
Understanding of basic data movements
QA experience (testing experience)
Day to day: 

Collaborate with team members to understand organizational and operational challenges
Keep up to date on the latest applications of information technology
Manage technical difficulties, working with developers when necessary
Work on projects related to internal facing applications such running on .NET
Liaison between technical teams and business teams
Write requirements for the business

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Business analysis: 5 years (Required)
.NET Project: 1 year (Required)
Web development: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Remote Junior iOS Developer 
  
   If you are a Remote Junior iOS Developer with Swift experience, please read on!
   
 -Remote with 1 Lexington office visit a quarter for team building | Full-Time/Permanent-
   
 We are a team of industry experts focused on designing, building, and supporting innovative software solutions that leverage data to improve the customer journey. Our main areas of focus include veterinary, dental, logistics, spa/salon, and hospitality industries. We work with startups and even Fortune 500 companies looking to become more agile.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    Youll be a joining a fast moving, cross-functional team designing and developing elegant cloud-based solutions for complex problems.
   
 Our ideal candidate is curious, always on the lookout for new ways to solve problems, and has the aptitude to implement complex technologies quickly and effectively. You value design patterns that avoid redundancy, promote efficiency, and are easy to maintain. You are collaborative and can make a well-rounded contribution to the team.
  
 What You Need for this Position

iOS 
SWIFT
Objective C

 What's In It for You

Competitive Base DOE
100% company paid health, vision, and dental insurance
Retirement plan match
Generous PTO policy
Opportunity for professional growth
Great company culture and work-life balance!
Much more!


    So, if you are a Remote Junior iOS Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact James Shramek
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Remote Unity AI Engineer 
  
   If you are a Remote Unity AI Engineer with experience, please read on!
   
 Our platform harnesses the power of games and digital creation experiences to create a Metaverse of Learning - where youth play to learn and learn to make, as they build skills to thrive in a rapidly changing, globally connected world.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Help create the underlying core of the behavior tree systems that will be used across multiple upcoming products
Analyze and optimize performance of AI
Dynamically generate Navmeshes in a completely dynamic environment
Create behavior tree leaf nodes for a variety of gameplay tasks specific to individual products
Work with tools engineers to create a user facing editor for AI modding

 What You Need for this Position

Three or more years programming in Unity (using C#)
Significant experience with and understanding of behavior trees
 - Knowledge of pathfinding solutions, including A- and Unitys built in NavMesh systems
  

Shipped at least one title

 Preferred Skills:
  

Written your own behavior trees from scratch
Knowledge of other AI designs like GOAP, or Utility AI
Experience with creating modding tools, or any other form of UGC tooling
Samples of AI youve written, designed, or supported
Multiplayer programming experience in any context
Experience supporting a live service

 What's In It for You

    - Competitive Base Salary ($100k - $200k DOE)
   

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
Bonus


 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
Bonus


    So, if you are a Remote Unity AI Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dominik Sobaszek
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 


  REMOTE Sr. Software Engineer (3D Modeling) 
  
Sr. Software Engineer (3D Systems)

This role is 100% remote! 

Salary: Up to $200k DOE + equity!
   
Requirements: 6+ years of 3D focused programming + experience building 3D CAD/video games
   
 Founded in New York in 2018 we are rapidly growing Biomedical Computer Vision company disrupting a $200B industry! We're a Series B company that is currently valued at $2B and we've been growing at a 500% YoY clip!
   
 At the core we provide state of the art tools to the dental industry to create top of the line error free 3D scans and 3D molds. Our 5 year plan is targeted at becoming a a "business in a box" where we will offer an all-in-one suite to handle: scheduling, insurance claims, supply procurement, lab work, etc; everything needed to allow dental professionals to focus on just being dentists. And THAT is out competitive advantage.
   
 It's this kind of philosophy that has driven out 1000% 2 year growth and our current trend of $1M in weekly revenue!
   
 Among many career long employees on our Executive Leadership team, we are also proud to boast ex-Executives from Oculus, Apple, Yelp, Uber, GoPuff, PTC, Intel and PTC, as well as ex-Carnegie Mellon, Stanford, Princeton, Harvard and Wharton grads
   
 Due to our exploding business we are rapidly growing our Software Engineering team, if you are an experienced Software Engineer with extensive 3D model/visualization programming experience.. read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

 Compensation: Up to $200k + highly attractive equity packages!
   
Work schedule: 100% remote! 
   
Benefits: best in class healthcare including medical, dental and vision + 401k
   
Technology: work on cutting edge Machine Learning and Computer Vision with top of the industry scientists 
   
Stability: we've raised $200M in Series B and are valued at $2B! 
   
Growth: we've grown over 1000% in the last two years and don't plan on slowing down any time soon!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Build interactive web tools that allow users to interactive with 3D scans and medical images
Work with a world class cross-functional team of designers, product managers, software engineers and computer vision engineers
Interface directly with Deep Learning models to integrate AI into product
Design features that enable 3D naïve users to interact with product
Translate user interactions into data that can be used for Machine Learning tasks

 What You Need for this Position

 6+ years of Software Engineering focused on 3D Systems 


ThreeJS
WebGL
OpenCV
Strong backend programming experience
Understanding of 3D data structures, algorithms, transforms and rendering techniques


 Bonus points if you have experience with: 


Computer Vision
Building 3D CAD or 3D Game Engines
Additive/subtractive manufacturing (3D printing/milling)
ML/AI
2D Image Processing


 What's In It for You

 Up to $200k DOE + Equity! 


Work alongside A+ industry leading Machine Learning/Computer Vision Scientists 
Remote work 
Best in class Health, Dental, Vision Insurance
Minimum of 4 weeks of time off!
401(k)
Team Building Events



    So, if you are a 3D focused Software Engineer with experience building 3D CAD or 3D Game Engines please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Albert Alvarado
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  REMOTE Senior PHP Engineer (PHP, MySQL, REST API, JSON) 
  
   Do you want to solve the child healthcare crisis? Backed by the same folks behind companies like Box, Codeacademy, Slack, Flatiron Health, Wealthfront , we are a mission based company first! We are widely trusted & solving childcare!
   
 As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will work directly with the engineering & product team as we further build-out our platform together! This is a remote opportunity!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    -Best Place to Work - Los Angeles Business Journal
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Architect APIs & database schema that power our platform
Participate in Dev/Ops & infrastructure initiatives
Work within a tight knit agile team, deliver on product goals
Push for engineering best practices

 What You Need for this Position

5+ years PHP
RESTful APIs & JSON
Elasticsearch/Redis
Architecture
CICD exposure (plus)

 What's In It for You

Competitive Salary
Stock Options
401(k) Matching
Flexible Hours
Generous PTO
Health Benefits
Pet Friendly
ECT


    So, if you are a REMOTE Senior PHP Engineer (PHP, MySQL, REST API, JSON) with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dylan Rogelstad
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 


Description 

Job Description:
 We are seeking a motivated and talented Principal Computer Vision / Machine Learning Engineer to join our algorithm development team and participate in software development for advanced real-time detection and computer vision algorithms. You will be involved in the development of computer vision, image processing, machine learning, and deep learning algorithms for our real-time airport personnel and baggage scanning products. You will be working on algorithms for multi-view 2-d and 3-d volumetric detection of prohibited concealed on passengers or in their baggage. We have thousands of scanners in daily operation around the world on which your algorithms will be deployed!

 This position has opportunity for telework (up to 100%), but occasional travel to MA will be required.

 Primary Responsibilities

 Contribute to a team that is developing object detection and image processing system architectures that will be implemented in real-time decision processes in security screening systems fielded across the world
 Hands on research and development of advanced deep learning, object detection, image processing, and scene segmentation algorithms
 Implement production quality real-time C++ software for sophisticated computer vision and machine learning algorithms; primarily for detecting threat objects in 3-d volumetric x-ray data.
 Design and implement new algorithms and improve existing algorithms in C++ and Python class structure using good software engineering techniques with emphasis on reusability and efficiency.
 Train machine learning classifiers with emphasis on classifier generalization
 Assist with the development of new deep learning algorithms to improve the detection performance for challenging threats
 Analyze data, make recommendations, write technical reports
 Interface with other software teams to integrate algorithms with external software components.
 May require occasional travel (5%), domestic or international, to assist with data collections

 Basic Qualifications

 BS or MS degree with a minimum of 6 years of prior relevant experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.
 Image processing experience (filtering, segmentation, edge detection, object detection)
 Machine learning classifier development experience
 C++ software development in a product development environment
 Experience designing machine learning algorithms, including creating software for data loading, training, and inference for novel machine learning architectures
 Experience with product quality software development including profiling and optimizing real-time algorithm runtime
 Must have positive, team focused attitude and approach to work tasks.
 Strong math, analytical and communication skills.
 Ability to obtain and maintain a US secret security clearance, which requires US Citizenship. We are unable to sponsor visas for this position and require applicants to be either a US citizen or a permanent resident (Green Card holder)

 Preferred Qualifications

 PhD in computer science/engineering in a related subject such as computer vision, machine learning or AI
 Experience developing deep learning computer vision algorithms using CNNs, GANs, Transformers, Single and Two-stage detectors
 Experience with Python
 Familiarity with Azure and Git
 Strong understanding of statistical pattern recognition and classification.
 Basic knowledge of the electromagnetic spectrum (x-ray/radar) and related technologies
 Experience with Windows and Linux development environments including writing Perl and shell scripts
 Current US secret security clearance


 About Us
 Driven by our talented workforce, the Security Enterprise Solutions (SES) is the cornerstone of Leidos’ comprehensive suite of fully integrated security detection and automation solutions for aviation, ports and borders, and critical infrastructure customers around the world, with more than 24,000 products deployed across 120 countries. Leidos is positioned to address emerging and evolving threats through rapid development of innovative solutions for our global customers.

 Check out this link to learn more about Security Enterprise Solutions (SES), formally known as Security Detection & Automation. https://www.leidos.com/markets/aviation/security-detection

 Pay Range: Pay Range $94,250.00 - $145,000.00 - $195,750.00
   #Remote



  Salesforce Lightning Developer REMOTE $140k 
  
   If you are a Salesforce Developer with experience and want to work REMOTE, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    The Salesforce Lightning and SFMC (experience not necessary) Development
  
 What You Need for this Position

    More Than 3 Years of experience and knowledge of:
   


Salesforce
Lightning
Apex
SFMC (a plus not a must)


 What's In It for You

    This is a great opportunity to be part of a growing company where you will become indispensable quickly.
  

    So, if you are a Salesforce Lightning Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dan Martinek
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Remote Staff Golang Engineer 
  
-HIRING REMOTE STAFF BACKEND (GO) ENGINEERS!!-


Job Title: Staff Backend Engineer (Golang)
   
Salary: $200k - $225k
   
Job Location: 100% Remote
   
Requirements: 10+ years of software engineering. Heavy Golang experience + AWS Knowledge
   
 We are a 200 person mobile based AI healthcare company with a mission to improve quality of life. With $200 million in funding, we have experienced consistent growth for the past 8 years and are continuing to scale our engineering team.
   
 If you are looking for a role at a technology company where you can have a positive impact on peoples lives and healthcare, please apply today!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Work Remote
 - Competitive salary ($200k - $225k)
  

Equity!!
401k Match
Stable / Fast Growing / Exciting company
Full Benefits (health, dental, vision, etc.)
Work with modern technology 
Work on extremely challenging and thought provoking problems

 What You Will Be Doing

Take ownership of all our back end features and frameworks as we continue to grow our platform
Work with latest and most advanced back end architecture
Build and update new features on the platform and ensure they are free of bugs
Work with and lead development teams while delivering high quality app features

 What You Need for this Position

    10+ years of software engineering experience 
   

Heavy Golang experience 
APIs
AWS (Lambdas, etc.)
Docker/Kubernetes is desired
BS/MS in CS, Stats, etc. is desired



    So, if you are a Remote Staff Golang Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Danny Herries
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
As a family company, we serve people and communities. When you work at Meijer, you’re provided with career and community opportunities centered around leadership, personal growth and development. Consider joining our family – take care of your career and your community!
Meijer Rewards
Weekly pay
Scheduling flexibility
Paid parental leave
Paid education assistance
Care.com/back-up care assistance
Team member discount
Development programs for advancement and career growth
Please review the job profile below and apply today!
.
Remote and Hybrid Work Schedules Available - Must live within the Meijer footprint [Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Kentucky] Or, be willing to relocate (relocation assistance available).
Remote Option: Work remote M–F, AND be available as needed to attend occasional on-site meetings as required at Meijer corporate offices in (Grand Rapids) Walker, MI.
Hybrid Option: Work office M-W, work remote Th-F
We are seeking Senior and Mid-level Software Engineers with Adobe Marketing Cloud experience for our Digital Customer Experience & Loyalty train. Sr. and Mid-level Software Engineers design, develop, test, maintain and enhance the digital applications within Adobe Marketing Cloud.
The Senior level Software Engineer drives engagement to understand customer requirements and system interfaces, assess available technologies/vendor packages, and present solutions to all business and IT stakeholders. In partnership with business product owners, the Software Engineers drive value delivery and will participate in all phases of Agile software development.
What You'll be Doing (Responsibilities):
Designs, codes, tests, and implements programs; develops system documentation according to SAFe Agile principles and industry standards.
Configure, administer, and develop in Adobe Target to build Multi-channel campaigns.
Performs unit tests, troubleshoots, and takes required corrective actions as needed for configuration and integration needs.
Deliver against the optimization and customized experience strategies across our digital offerings (Meijer.com, mPerks Loyalty program, and Meijer mobile app) to meet SLA/functional requirements.
Mentors and coaches other members of the agile team.
Provides subject matter expertise and technical consultation in new systems development, new package system evaluations and enhancement of existing systems.
Drives engagement with ITS Security and Infrastructure teams to ensure secure deployment of applications.
Partner with the Analytics teams to integrate Adobe Analytics with web and mobile platforms.
Interfaces with the Product Owner and IT partners to develop acceptance criteria for features and user stories and ensures acceptance criteria are met.
Coordinates feasibility studies/proofs of concept to evaluate solutions.
Coordinates structured walk throughs, secure coding, and technical reviews ensuring application coding and design follows secure coding and design principles.
Actively participates in all team Agile ceremonies. This job role may also provide facilitation of activities for Agile teams within Meijer ITS as acting Scrum Master.
This job profile is not meant to be all inclusive of the responsibilities of this position; may perform other duties as assigned or required.
What You Bring with You (Qualifications):
Bachelor’s or 12 years' experience (or comparable combination of education and related experience).
Any SAFe certification or training is preferred.
Minimum 5 years of experience in software development and programming. Specifically, SQL, ETL, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.
Strong knowledge of database management and file access methods is desirable.
Expertise in Configuring, administering, and developing campaigns and segments in Adobe Target.
Experience in developing workflows, content blocks, and custom resources in Adobe Campaign.
Deep understanding of Adobe Launch and its integration with Adobe Analytics.
Understanding of various Adobe Analytics such as Data Warehouse, Data Workbench and Click Feed Data.
Experience as a team member on project teams in a cross-functional environment.
Expertise in design and implementation of large IT solutions.
Strong knowledge and understanding of structured analysis and technical design techniques.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, interpersonal communication skills, and presentation skills.
Ability to effectively adapt to rapidly changing technology and apply it to business needs.
.
.
Job Title: Software Engineer, Full Stack Developer
Job Summary:  Application Developer with solid mobile and web application development experience using Microsoft tools and web and web services development frameworks, including C#, SQL Server, WCF and/or .NET, HTML, CSS, Angular, Angular Material, Cordova, and the Ionic Framework. Join a talented team of software professionals to enhance, maintain, and support our market-leading software products.
Please note: We can only consider candidates residing in the following states: AZ, CA, CT, FL, IN, MO, PA, SC, TX, and WI
Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no direct supervisory responsibilities.
Duties & Responsibilities: 

Design and implement RESTful web service-based business processes for an enterprise-level software platform using C# and SQL Server
Design and develop mobile-friendly web applications using extensive knowledge of HTML, CSS, Angular, and Angular Material
Design and develop Angular-based mobile applications (Android & iOS) solutions using Cordova and the Ionic framework
Provide tier-4 technical support to internal and external customers

Required Skills/Abilities: 

Solid working knowledge in developing C# and SQL Server-based service-oriented business applications
Solid working knowledge with JSON and RESTful web services
Knowledge of MS SQL Server, including stored procedures, foreign keys, constraints, triggers, and database design
Demonstrated ability to develop attractive and performant UI web pages, along with Android and iOS mobile applications, interfacing with RESTful web services via JSON HTTPS requests
Intelligent, dedicated, friendly demeanor, and eager to learn
Highly motivated, hands-on, and results-oriented
Comfortable in a small team environment using Agile methodologies
Ability to efficiently solve problems and implement code for time-sensitive engineering projects
Working knowledge of unit testing, in particular, Microsoft Testing Framework
Adherence to coding best practices, including class design using design patterns along with generics and inheritance, for ensuring optimal code re-use, ease of understanding, and maintainability

Education and Experience: 

Minimum of 2 years experience working with the tech stack in a professional environment
Bachelor or Associates Degree preferred in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience is acceptable

Extra-Bonus Qualifications: 

Experience with analyzing SQL stored procedures for performance enhancements and sharing best practices and standards with the team
Experience with web service testing tools, specifically SoapUI and Swagger, although Postman or browser-based RESTful clients are acceptable
Experience with Git, BitBucket, and pull requests
Familiarity with IIS and/or Azure Web Services and their related offerings, including tie-ins with Application Insights or other embedded performance monitoring technologies

Physical Requirements: 

Prolonged periods of working on a computer.
Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times.
Minimum of 40 hours per week

Benefits: 

401(k) with employer contribution
Health, dental, vision, life insurance offered
Paid Holidays
Cumulative personal time
Referral program
100% remote workplace

Job Type:  Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Note to Applicants: 

The candidate must have a suitable working location at home that is free from distractions and has reliable, high-speed internet connectivity.
CXT Software is an equal opportunity employer. We value the diversity of our workforce. Must be authorized to work in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor H1b applicants at this time. No third parties please.
COVID-19 vaccination is required for in-person employee or customer visitation.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Do you reside in AZ, CA, CT, FL, IN, MO, PA, SC, TX, or WI

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

WCF and/or .NET for web services: 2 years (Required)
working with the tech stack in a professional environment: 2 years (Required)
developing C# and SQL Server-based: 2 years (Required)
knowledge with JSON and RESTful web services: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Expert (7+ years of experience) is the level of experience accepted for this opening*

Skills Required (Bare Minimum): JavaScript, experience working with an enterprise level integrated architecture, cloud experience, continuous learner, collaborative team player, excellent communication and accountability.

Educational Requirements: Bachelor's Degree

Nice to Have: React, Typescript, AWS, SQL, Agile

Pratt & Whitney is working to once again transform the future of flight—designing, building and servicing engines unlike any the world has ever seen. And because transformation begins from within, we’re seeking the people to drive it. So, calling all curious. 

Come ready to explore and you’ll find a place where your talent takes flight—beyond the borders of title, a country or your comfort zone. Bring your passion and commitment and we’ll welcome you into a tight-knit team that takes our mission personally. Channel your drive to make a difference into shaping an organization and an industry that’s evolving fast to the future. 

Innovation through diversity of thought. At Pratt & Whitney, we believe diversity of thought enables creativity, innovation, and a foundation for inclusion. By fostering an inclusive culture, we accept a shared accountability and responsibility to recognize, sponsor, coach, hire and promote talent equally. We welcome our employees to be their whole - best - selves at work because trust, respect and integrity, are a part of our DNA.

 At Pratt & Whitney, the difference you make is on display every day. Just look up. Are you ready to go beyond?

 The Digital Technology Group is looking for a motivated Senior MBSE-PLM Developer

 Key Responsibilities:

 Work as a developer and complete configurations to deliver and execute global MBSE requirements in support of world class system availability and performance
 Partner with engineering MBSE & PLM discipline team and third-party resources to complete development requirements on the Pratt enterprise MBSE environment
 Develop code or configurations in alignment with our Pratt PLM DevSecOps processes; help in growing DevSecOps overall for our PLM platform
 Stay up to date on best practices of SysML modeling tools
 Assist the Engineering team in the development and management of a SysML models and aid their development cycles
 Participate in standups, planning sessions, reviews, demos, etc as coordinated by the Project Manager
 Work on integrations between MBSE platform and other enterprise systems (including PLM, CAD, ERP, MES) to enable end-to-end data connectivity across the organization
 Consulting with Engineering customers to advise on key MBSE product and configuration challenges
 Administrate MBSE configurations within the environment (Dev, Test, Prod)
 Help with deployment of application performance monitoring tools to improve the performance and reliability of MBSE systems
 Participate on the PLM Interdisciplinary Program Management Team to provide MBSE technical expertise and maintain project continuity and communicate deployment plans.
 Assist with P&W PLM roadmap including technologies and industry best practices.


 Basic Qualifications:

 U.S. Citizen required due to Government contractual requirements.
 Education
 Bachelor's Degree with 10+ years of relevant experience or an advanced degree with 7+ years of relevant experience.


 Preferred Qualifications:

 3+ years’ experience as an MBSE or PLM developer, engineer, administrator, or functional analyst, including code development for MBSE or PLM customizations, configuration updates, system administration, architecture design, application integration, product road mapping, authoring of MBSE technical specifications.
 3+ years’ experience in a technical role, either hands-on coding or configuration, experience as an engineer, or other similar (Python, C#, Java, C/C++, or similar).
 Ability to design and implement solutions for Teamcenter MBSE or CAMEO NoMagic.
 Possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, can develop clear, concise, and logically written business communications & deliver recommendations.
 Proven track record communicating within cross-functional team of technical resources, QA, and engineers.
 Demonstrated effectiveness working in a complex, service-intensive, deadline-driven environment.
 Ability to build strong relationships to leverage information and insights across key groups.
 Strong personal leadership, organizational, relationship-building, and negotiation skills.
 Self-starter with enthusiasm and strong customer service orientation.
 Advanced degree.
 Experience developing custom applications using the NXOpen API.
 Experience using Adobe Acrobat 3DPDF API and JavaScript.
 Familiarity with PMI and Characteristics, MIL-STD-31000 REV B, Industry knowledge of 3D PDF for product definition.
 Previous background as an engineer (mechanical, aerospace, software, etc)
 Ability to provide strategic technical MBSE & PLM leadership and lead by influence the creation of long-term strategy (e.g., more than 3 years) roadmaps in a virtual environment.
 Skilled at analyzing business process and seeing opportunities for digital solutions.
 Experience working in SDLC, Waterfall, or Agile program structures.
 Good communication skills, work ethic and a high level of personal integrity and accountability.
 Willing to learn new technologies & take on new projects to grow experience.
 Self-directed and able to learn quickly with ability to drive and deliver results
 Strong analytical skills, demonstrated organizational and leadership skills, examples of effective teamwork, a track record of consistently meeting deadlines and due dates.
 Comfortable working with minimal daily supervision and to balance numerous priorities.


 What is my role type?
 In addition to transforming the future of flight, we are also transforming how and where we work. We’ve introduced role types to help you understand how you will operate in our blended work environment. This role is:

 Remote: Employees who are working in Remote roles will work primarily offsite (from home).

 Candidates will learn more about role type and current site status throughout the recruiting process. For onsite and hybrid roles, commuting to and from the assigned site is the employee’s personal responsibility.

 Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.

Full Stack Engineer
Come and build change creating from the ground floor! A visionary Social Media Platform. Our team has partnered with a unique company that provides a wide range of platforms to engage the world!
Responsibilities:
Managing the complete software development process from conception to deployment
Maintaining and upgrading the software following deployment
Maintaining the end-to-end life cycle of software and applications
Writing, building and deployment of software
Automated testing and providing feedback to management during the development process
Modifying and testing changes to previously developed programs
Requirements:
PostgreSQL
Previous experience working on high-end platforms
Bachelor's degree or higher
A Drive and Desire to work with "skin in the game"
Qualified candidates must be skilled or knowledgeable in:
Full Stack Engineering
Solid product development experience
Solid foundation in PostGres SQL
Solid foundation in Heroku
Solid experience with ReactJS
Solid experience with Flutter
Familiar with AWS services such as S3, CloudFront and Route 53
Multiple forms of Social Media & Communications
Detail-oriented
Previous Social Media background work is a plus
Possibility for remote work
Please submit a resume for consideration. Only those qualified applicants with a provided resume will be contacted.
If you would like to learn more, please contact maia.morales@gogpac.com or by calling 605-937-5408.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, age, color, sex (including pregnancy), religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, military status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable laws or regulations.
GPAC (Growing People and Companies) is an award-winning search firm specializing in placing quality professionals within multiple industries across the United States since 1990. We are extremely competitive, client-focused and realize that our value is in our ability to deliver the right solutions at the right time.Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Software Integration & Test Engineer to join our team of talented engineers.

As a U.S. government contractor, Boeing will require all new hires and employees located in the United States to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by December 8, 2021. Individuals who are unable to be fully vaccinated due to a disability/medical condition or sincerely held religious belief may apply for a reasonable accommodation during the post-offer process. Individuals who are approved for a reasonable accommodation will be subject to frequent COVID-19 testing and possibly other health and safety measures. Employees working in certain positions may be required to undergo frequent COVID-19 testing prior to December 8 th if they are not fully vaccinated.

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD (Customer Site)
Telework Availability: None at this time

What You Will Do:
(U) The Computer Scientist shall have an expertise and knowledge and be able to apply this knowledge in the design, development, test and documentation of software code. The Computer Scientist shall apply sound planning, analysis and programming and coding practices.

Required Education / Years of Experience:
(U) Qualifications: Three (3) years of experience in software and firmware design, development and test to include writing clear, concise, functioning and fully commented code that follow applicable Government standards and a Master’s degree in Engineering, Physical Science, Computer Science, or Systems Engineering from an accredited college or university is required OR Five (5) years of experience in software and firmware design, development and test to include writing clear, concise, functioning and fully commented code that follow applicable Government standards and a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Physical Science, Computer Science, or Systems Engineering from an accredited college or university is required. Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph

Have a minimum of five (5) years of:
Experience with Linux on ARM-based platforms
Experience utilizing coding languages: C, Python, GNU Tools, and Linux Kernel,
Experience wtih Assembly and high-level programming languages
Software driver development
Software application development
Experience with Digital signal processing applications
Experience working on/with Client/server applications
Experience working with Legacy and current processor technology
Experience working with Operating systems, architectures, and interfaces
Software/code reverse engineering
Embedded software development
Test-Based Experience
Practical experience with test automation
Experience with Agile and Waterfall development procedures
Experience in setting up test beds
Experience documenting test results, KPI metrics, and test coverage and communication issues effectively
Experience writing test plans and strategies for unit, integration, and validation tests
Must be able to develop, maintain, and extend automation infrastructure
Implementation experience with CI/CD pipelines
Effectively communicate, both written and verbally, to the technical team, management, and customer concerning the status of work
Moderate and participate in software peer reviews Desired Experience/ Skills (Nice to Have):
Experience with writing Linux based scripts to facilitate application integration using a one or more appropriate server-side languages (i.e. Shell, Python, etc.)
Modify the repository schema of an existing application to support new data items, develop data mining and data ingest processes for new data, and support integration with middle-tier and back-end APIs
Administer, maintain, and implement policies and procedures for ensuring the security and integrity of the application
Gov't Software Framework experience available in reading room
Experience working in an Agile software development environment
Experience managing software code using Git & MAVEN
Experience using Jira and Confluence
BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented Software Engineer Senior—API Integration our San Antonio, TX or Remote locations.

We are looking for a Senior level developer to join our Enterprise Collaboration & Productivity Operations team. The SW Engineer will be focused on building APIs and integrations between our collaboration apps (e.g. Box, Slack, Zoom), along with supporting our Enterprise customers with integration troubleshooting between our collaboration applications.

As a Java Engineer, you are expected to be able to function in a fast-paced environment driving innovation through rapid prototyping and iterative development ensuring quality is built into all solutions leveraging TDD. Your responsibilities will require you to be knowledgeable in API development. You will be a part of teams of developers guiding on engineering and architecture best practices as well as demonstrate the ability to partner and engage with other engineers and architects. You will work closely with business clients and UI designers to analyze user requirements, code applications and customize and/or integrate commercial software packages for both internal employees and external member-facing applications across multiple platforms.

Here, you will invent. You'll design and test. You'll take risks. You'll create new technology, but the impact you'll make on our members will be far more significant.

Senior level Software Engineers provides support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Primary Responsibilities:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test complex technical solutions across many technologies to tie together existing systems and tools.
Lead code/design reviews with team to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning.
Develop complex algorithms to solve business needs
Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues by directing troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions.
Mentors’ engineers, coach engineers on design, development, and maintenance of systems; Review teammates’ code
Influence architecture, quality standards and understand, identify, measure across entire solution
Identify system performance issues and optimize solution

Minimum requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree (10 years of experience in lieu of a degree)
6 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within Java
4 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.
Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL
Demonstrated experience researching technical issues and generating creative/innovative solutions.
Demonstrated experience addressing production issues by troubleshooting applications and systems.
Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions
Demonstrate strong knowledge of security coding practices and secure system fundamentals

Preferred experience:
Experience developing and deploying container-based web applications using cloud service providers: AWS, Azure, Open-Shift or GCP
Experience with API Gateways (i.e. Layer 7 Gateway)
Experience with Credential Vaulting technology (i.e. CyberArk)

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $106,800 - $192,300
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.
Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.
Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.
USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.
Position: AWS Full Stack developer (more into frontend)
Location: REMOTE
Tech (Qualification) Notes: 
Skillset (top 3-5)
- 8+ years of experience
- Angular (Senior Level)
- NodeJS
- AWS
The Expertise You Have
· A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Software engineering or related field
· 10+ years of full-stack development experience with architecting, designing, developing and maintaining multi-tier internet facing web applications using Angular, Node, Nest, and proper test automation frameworks in a fast-paced Scrum environment
· Hands-on experience with coding and test automation of front-end SPAs, web components, SSR architectures
· Ownership of all Secure SSDL and technical aspects of software engineering for assigned applications
· Expertise in developing detailed technical specifications, architecture, technical design, and performance tuning for complex systems in ongoing sprints
· Extensive experience with DevOps CI/CD practices, TDD, automated security and quality testing, modern test and mock frameworks and service virtualization tools to rapidly deliver, measure, and iterate features to customers while minimizing risk using practices like A/B tests, blue-green deployments, and feature toggles
· Excellent communication and influencing skills to facilitate collaboration across technology and business partners without having a direct authority over people, yet still being able to accomplish the needed in a way that would want people to work with you in the future
· Demonstrated experience in mentoring and guiding software engineers in an agile environment
· Experience in working with remote and international team members
The Skills You Bring
· Expert-level hands-on experience with modern MV*/SPA JavaScript frameworks (Angular, Vue)
· Strong Architecture and Design Skills across multiple stacks (Web, Services Development, Mobile, Business Process Dev)
· Strong hands-on experience with API Design & Development and Microservices Architecture (Java, REST, GraphQL, NodeJS)
· Strong CI/CD skills including full scale security and quality testing, build and deployment automation
· Strong Cloud skills (AWS, Containerization)
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $80.00 - $100.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
Tips

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 917-551-5527

 RemoteNorth Point Geographic Solutions (NPGS), located in Duluth MN is seeking a self-motivated, talented individual who is 
 eager to join our growing small business team as a full-time, remote Web Application Developer. We are an ESRI 
 business partner and specialize in creating custom GIS solutions and applications using the latest GIS technologies, 
 including ArcGIS Online and Mobile/Web applications. You will become an integral part of a small, dynamic team utilizing 
 agile development methodologies and focused on client service. You may also work on multiple, large GIS Programming 
 projects for Federal, State and County agencies, as well as have opportunities to use your leadership skills by helping 
 coordinate small-scale Software Development projects. NPGS offers competitive benefits including: ST/LT disability, 
 health insurance, PTO, flexible hours, paid holidays, opportunities for travel, as well as retirement benefits for eligible 
 employees. 
 

Duties:


Coordinate with GIS Data Analysts/Programmers to complete all life-cycle phases of Software development
 projects. 
 

Help set priorities in projects and tasks and those of the team, balancing importance and urgency.
Maintain a good understanding of NPGS Database contents and specifications, as well as the various tools and
 technologies utilized for database creation and maintenance. 
 

Understand the NPGS organizational structure and coordinate as part of a team with the potential to lead smallscale projects.
Participate in departmental and cross-functional projects, which will help to increase efficiency, quality and/or
 reduce costs within operations. 
 

Prepare and present regular client demo meetings, following an Agile methodology.
Track project requirements, perform testing and documentation of defects, perform defect fixes for software
 development projects. 
 

Follow through on timely completion of tasks, while maintaining quality and integrity.

Qualifications:


Bachelor/University degree or Technical College degree in Computer Sciences, Software Engineering, Web
 Application Development or related field preferred, but not required. 
 

4+ years related work experience or equivalent combination of education and related work experience.
Eager to learn and come up to speed in a fast-paced environment, and ability to work independently, as well as
 part of a team. 
 

Excellent critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Preferred knowledge (but not mandatory) of the following: JavaScript, PL/SQL, Python, Visual Basic .Net, CSS,
 HTML5, PHP, ASP.Net MVC, Angular, AngularJS, Typescript, React, Bootstrap, MongoDB, Version Control, 
 Application Testing, GIS software packages, e.g. ESRI/ArcGIS, Graphic design experience, Agile methodology, 
 JIRA/Confluence. 
 

Excellent written and oral communication, as well as team collaboration skills.
Must be authorized to work in United States.
NPGS Corporate Headquarters are in Duluth, MN. This position does not require on-site work, however
 applicants are required to regularly attend video conference calls, so they must have a stable internet connection 
 and dedicated space to perform job duties. 
 
Please email resume to Carolyn Adams at: carolyn@northpointgis.com

We're looking for a Python Developer for a W2 opportunity. I cannot do C2C or offer sponsorship as of now.
Job Title:  Python Developer
Location:  (Hybrid)
Position:  W2 Employment
Visa's:  OPT, Day1 CPT, H1B, H4-ead
(Authorized to work anywhere in the USA and for only those who are staying in the USA)
Required Skills: 

4-6+ years of experience in Python development.
Good understanding of OOPS concepts
In-depth knowledge and experience with Data structures and Collections
understanding of Functional programming.
Good understanding of Python libraries (Pandas and NumPy etc.)
Good knowledge of frameworks like Django, Flask, or any other web frameworks
Sound Knowledge of Software engineering design patterns and practices
4+ years of experience in SQL Development.
Excellent written & verbal communication, ability to multitask, work well under demanding situations, prioritize and meet the deadline
in the data structure, Algorithm, Multithreading, and concurrency.

Benefits: 

Competitive salary
Flexible work schedule & part-time off
E-verified
H1B and GC filling
On job technical support
Skill Enhancement
Guesthouse facilities are also available
Opportunity to work with Fortune 500 Companies

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $45.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Senior Machine Learning Engineer
 Green-tech
 Fully Remote - US Based
 $180,000 - $200,000
 
You will be working with a rapidly growing Green-tech start-up that is revolutionizing the Consumer Product Goods Market. They are transforming consumer goods packaging and products for the greater good of the world. They have affected millions by reducing globally renowned companies' ecological footprints. They are not looking to bring on a Senior Machine Learning Engineer who will get to put their fingerprint on this creative and driven endeavor to help produce cleaner products.
 
THE ROLE
 As the Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you will be required to:

 Experience mentoring, and guiding junior team members to build modern machine learning solutions
 Ability to implement end to end solutions and see through the entire model life cycle
 Familiarity with product-focused machine learning methods and customer-centric solutions
 Ability to travel to various plants up to 40% of the time domestic and international
 Comfortable with anomaly detection, time-series data, and various other machine learning models and algorithms

 
YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
 The successful Senior Machine Learning Engineer will have the following skills and experience:

 Experience with a mix of management and hands-on technical work
 Confident working with Python, Spark, Azure, and other cloud platforms
 Ph.D. preferred
 Extensive commercial experience as a Machine Learning Engineer
 Manufacturing experience with the entire model lifecycle - building and deployment

 
KEYWORDS
 NLP | Engineering | Natural Language Processing | Machine Learning | Deep Learning | Data Science | Manufacturing| Software Engineering | Natural Language Understanding | Time Series

4+ years Full Stack solutions using C#, Angular and SQL (payroll experience is a plus)

Looking for a collaborative as well as autonomous Sr Software Developer to build easy to use API's and offer Platform Solutions by Integration Development
.Net, C#, Angular, SQL, Git & Azure workflow , automation CI/CD

  Software Architect (C#/.Net/Azure-Healthcare Tech) 
  
   If you are a Software Architect (100% remote-Healthcare Tech) with C#/.Net/Azure experience, please read on!
   
 We are headquartered in the Atlanta, GA area with remote employees working nationwide and we are cutting edge healthcare technology company that has become one of the most reputable companies in our space! We have been in business for 20+ years and have expanded to over 500 employees nationwide. We were recently recognized as one of the top places to work in the nation and pride ourselves in our excellent work-life balance, great benefits, and very competitive compensation.
   
 We are looking for a skill Software Architect to help scale out and build our new cutting edge AI platform. This position would work heavily in Azure and architect applications in our Azure environment. We are also implementing microservices architecture and need someone with that experience. We are a C#/.Net shop so having knowledge of C# and the .Net stack would be needed.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

100% remote!
Architect new healthcare AI platform
Excellent work environment
HUGE room for growth
Work with cutting edge technology

 What You Will Be Doing

Architecting our healthcare AI platform
Create proof of concepts for emerging tech/hands-in implementing the technical framework
Full Stack Architecture with C#, .Net Core, Azure cloud services
Serve as technical subject matter expert

 What You Need for this Position

    At leats 4-5 years of experience with:
   


C#
.NET Core
Microservices architecture
Azure

 Nice to haves:
   


Healthcare experience
Azure Data Lake
Cosmo DB
Azure Functions



    So, if you are a Software Architect (100% remote-Healthcare Tech) with C#/.Net/Azure experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Matt Bailey
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  100% REMOTE - Mobile Developer - iOS, Android, React Native 
  
   If you are a 100% REMOTE - Mobile Developer - iOS, Android, React Native with experience, please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Our mission is to protect high-profile individuals/corporate executives in their personal lives, mitigating risks to their families, companies, reputation, and finances
We defend our clients digital lives from hackers, privacy leaks, and identity theft
If you are passionate about cybersecurity & privacy, then keep reading. This may be your next great opportunity
As a mobile application developer, you will be working within the engineering team with subject matter expertise in applying development best practice, patterns, and methodologies
You will be working closely with all members of the engineering team including the VP of Engineering to define architecture, vision, and process our platform
If you are looking to excel in a fast-growing company to advance your career, please apply!

 What You Will Be Doing

    Responsibilities will include:
   

Translation of the UI/UX design wireframes to actual code that will produce visual elements of the application
Develop new user-facing features
Build reusable code and libraries for future use
Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability
Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end
Design and implement application telemetry, tracing, and remote logging
Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders
Build mobile app & virtual platform interfaces and features


 What You Need for this Position

    5+ years experience with:
   

IOS and Android
React Native
Cloud Technologies
AWS
JIRA
CI/CD
API
Rest


 What's In It for You

    Competitive base salary
   
 100% paid Medical Coverage
   
 401 k matching
   
 Equity
   
 PTO and Sick Leave
   
 Holidays
   
 Multiple off-site events throughout the year
   
 In-home office stipend
   
 100% Remote position
  

    So, if you are a 100% REMOTE - Mobile Developer - iOS, Android, React Native with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Justin Sandy
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 




Formulates and defines system scope and objectives through research and fact-finding to design, develop, modify, or integrate complex information systems
Devises or modifies application systems and procedures to optimize functional requirements including capacity, operating time, response time, and form of desired results.
Designs, codes, tests, debugs, and documents programs, subroutines, and scripts.
May serve one or more project team roles, such as project lead, business systems analyst, or technical lead, for small to medium efforts or manage phases of medium to large efforts.
Competent to work at the highest phases of applications systems analysis and programming activities
Enhances the design of current systems to improve system capabilities to meet the changing needs of the business
Works with business users or business systems analysts to understand requirements and translate them into technical specifications
Develops and implements program/system test plans. Devises data verification methods and standard system procedures
Maintains technical skill set for software languages, databases, platforms, operating systems, utilities and networks needed to support work assignments
Assists in preparing and maintaining application design document.
Responds to system failures and performance events by taking appropriate measures to reduce system downtime and eliminate recurrence of problems.
May conduct presentations to provide end users with knowledge to maximize their use of developed systems
Provides technical leadership on assigned projects or discovery efforts
May coordinate work assignments and verify results of applications systems analysis and programming personnel
Regularly provides guidance and training to less-experienced analysts/programmers.


.NET DEVELOPER II JOB REQUIREMENTS


C#
VB
COBOL
5 - 7 years experience in systems analysis and programming with .Net
SQL server experience
Knowledge of information technology concepts, application development methodology, terminology and standards
Demonstrated ability to lead, organize and prioritize multiple assignments and associated resources.
Demonstrated ability to interpret and translate technical and/or complex concepts into information meaningful to team members and/or business personnel
Proven analysis, design, and coding skills, and demonstrated success in leading medium to complex technology-base efforts.
A Bachelor’ s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent years of experience is required.


.NET DEVELOPER II PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS


Experience in the health insurance industry preferred
Equivalent years of experience are determined as one year of technical experience for every year of college requested.



 #IND3
  




JOB TITLE:
 Unreal Engine Developer 
   
LOCATION: Remote

DURATION: 6 Months 




QUALIFICATIONS:
 


C++ Experience
Rendering/ graphics programming
Game Engine Plugin development
DX12 - Vulkan - OpenGL - Game Development
Experience with Unreal Engine 4 desired



    IND123
   


We are looking for an Android Developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits. We value people who are not afraid to dig into other people’s code, who think that code is the best documentation, and who like to experiment with new technologies but understand the risk of pushing them to production. We like to work with engineers who believe that learning a concept is more important than learning a framework, and who pick technologies outside of their comfort zone when they believe that they’re the best tool for solving a particular problem.

As a senior member of our Android team you will help us develop new features that take advantage of the latest trends in the Android ecosystem, as well as improve our existing systems. As we think of ourselves as Mobile developers, you’ll also help reviewing and improving our iOS code base.

What You’ll Be Doing:

Working on problems that affect the lives of real people. Our users depend on us to make positive changes to their health and their lives.
Basing your work on scientifically-proven, peer-reviewed methodologies that are designed by medical professionals
Collaborating with a team both onsite and offsite - about 50% of our engineering team is fully remote; we worry about results, not time spent in seats.

What We’re Looking For:

4+ years of large-scale Android experience in a team environment
Excellent communication skills and the ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience
Experience with being in a senior position on a similarly-sized team
The ability and enthusiasm to mentor less-senior engineers
A proven track record of building complex technology and guiding less senior members of the team to create code that is well-organized, easy to read and maintain, and optimized for its intended purpose
The ability to take long-term responsibility for the development of a project, and work alongside the Product team to guide its technical evolution
Familiarity with Kotlin either in side projects or in full production code is required.

What Makes This Job Amazing:

You’ll be helping millions of people lead healthier lives every day
You’ll be a part of Noom's rocketship- revenue has grown 20x in the last 2 years and our team is growing fast.
You’ll have wonderful benefits including healthcare/dental, wellness budget, daily gourmet meals prepared by our onsite chefs, and onsite yoga
You’ll experience huge learning & professional growth opportunities. Noom believes in supporting your professional and personal growth: we’ll cover the cost of books, courses, conferences… you name it!
You’ll add to our transparent, high-performing, and close-knit culture

Noom Inc. is a leader in mobile health coaching. We combine the power of technology with the empathy of real human coaches to deliver successful behavior change. Our direct-to-consumer mobile applications have reached more than 45 million users worldwide- and counting. We’ve leveraged our behavior change platform to incorporate the CDC’s Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), and have expanded to programs for diabetes management, pre-hypertension, and hypertension. Our Engineering team is at the forefront of this challenge, solving complex technical problems that center around habits, behavior, and lifestyle.

This position is either remote or at our New York City headquarters.

Senior Software Engineer, Platform Team

 Technologies
 .Net, Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD pipeline management, microservice deployments

 Job description
 We are looking for a smart and passionate Software Engineer to drive the evolution of our product platform. Help build the systems that support 7 product teams with cloud based infrastructure, orchestration, tooling, and observability. This role requires someone who has a clear vision of what a great platform can do and is passionate in helping teams move fast towards it. Our microservice platform is in its infancy and needs guidance to grow. Bring your knowledge, find the best technologies, and use the best tools to get the job done!

 AccuLynx is a fast-growing SaaS provider of CRM/project management software for roofing contractors. With more than 10 years in the business and impressive year-over-year growth, we have quickly established ourselves as the leading software product in this multi-billion dollar industry.

 What will you do at AccuLynx?

You will work independently within a smart and passionate platform team.
You will establish best practices and a “paved path” for teams to work within as they build out containerized workloads.
You will build features into our platform that increase security, observability, and maintainability.
You will learn and innovate.
You will have fun. We enjoy plenty of game days, trivia, and company outings.



 What might you work on?

Build tooling that can bootstrap a microservice in seconds, instead of days.
Automate creation of ephemeral environments for testing new features quickly.
Performance tune hot paths to reduce cpu requirements.
Improve the building and deployment of images to kubernetes clusters from minutes to seconds.
Secure our internal applications with better authentication methods.
Work to implement code scanning tools that catch security issues up front.



 It’s not expected that any single candidate would have expertise across all of these areas we touch. We want learners and problem solvers across whatever area needs attention.

 Requirements:

Smart and gets things done.
Belief that performance is a feature.
Zero downtime is the best downtime.
Experience with containers and orchestration deployment.
Have a passion for technical process improvement and problem solving.



 Bonus Points:

Experience with our tech stack - .NET, SQL Server, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible
Contributions to OSS projects, Stackoverflow, or other communities.
You are available in the rare case when things go bump in the night.



 Recruitment Process:
 We do not hire based on buzzwords or popular acronyms. We expect you to have mastered your domain and be eager to learn any technology or language in the future. We aim to reply to your application within a week of receiving it. Our interview process consists of several stages, each one allowing us to get to know you better, professionally and technically. It is also an opportunity for you to gain a better understanding of our culture and the work we do here at AccuLynx. The stages include:


 Resume review
Phone interview
Face to Face or Zoom conversation with a few members of your team




Job #2666: Chameleon Technologies is searching for an experienced Full Stack Engineer for a remote contract role. The Full Stack Engineer will perform development work across the technology stack (both front-end/back-end expertise). The ideal candidate will demonstrate the ability to manage the completion of projects that involve Cloud Technologies (Azure), MFA and Authentication technologies, databases, backend services, and OO/UI development. This position will require an individual to design, build, enhance, and implement solutions in a fast paced Agile environment participating in scrum ceremonies; and working closely with a highly motivated team.
 
Tasks and responsibilities
 

Designs, builds, debugs, optimizes and implements solutions in C# for API development 
Develops high quality, efficient and stable code.
A true team player,coaches and provides technical support to other developers in the team to achieve team goals 
Adopts engineering best practices to deliver higher quality and scalable solutions.
Adheres to standards and best practices, and mentor junior engineers
Provides the team with solution recommendations and estimates for a given product/application.
Identifies deficiencies within a product/application’s code base and identifies opportunities to improve overall code quality.
Demonstrates a strong understanding of emerging technologies to support the development of solutions. 
Conducts peer code reviews for the software changes made by other engineers within a team.
Understands the full technology stack and underlying applications, services, and databases in order to ensure optimal performance.



Required skills, abilities, and certifications
 

Minimum 8 years’ experience in software development.
Proficient with VS Code, Java Sxrip, Jest (JavaScript Testing), CSS (SCSS, SASS, or LESS) and Angular.
Proficient with ASP.net (C#) (Web forms and User Controls), AJAX concepts, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, Telerik (3rd party controls), OOPS Concepts and Design Patterns.
Familiarity with the .NET framework 4.0 or later.
Must have working knowledge of Web Services, SOAP, and XML technologies.
Experience with building Web APIs using REST and GraphQL.
Experience working with Visual Studio ( features and debugging) and Entity Framework.
Experience programming in major databases such as Microsoft SQL Server.
Experience programming in middleware technologies.
Proficient working knowledge of code versioning tools such as Git, SVN, etc.
Proficient with S.O.L.I.D. Principles. 
Strong knowledge of object oriented concepts.
Familiarity with continuous integration.
Must have strong communication skills, both oral and written.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with other technical experts, develop solution and functional design documents to support development of final solutions, and provide project estimates and lead technical teams to consistently meet commitments.



Recommended skills, abilities, and certifications

Experience working with Azure DevOps Repos & Pipelines
Experience with Nrwl/Nx



POSITION SUMMARY: Design, build, and maintain software. Extensive interaction with product management, UI/UX designers, enterprise architects, and other software developers to design and develop innovative solutions to real market problems.

Location: Remote (TN). Candidate must reside in the Middle Tennessee area.

FUNCTIONS OF THE JOB
Essential Functions: which may be representative but not all inclusive of those commonly associated with this position.
Participate in all phases of managing the Application Lifecycle Management: requirements analysis, development, testing, and implementation. Participate in technical logic and design discussions
Identify the appropriate software architecture based on the requirements and on enterprise architecture guidelines
Lead the review process for software architecture documents
Contribute to the review and analysis of business requirements
Integrate internal and external product design into a cohesive user experience
Work with UX/UI to improve and refine product visual design and consistency
Create, maintain, and present technical documentation to different audiences and levels
Perform resource, technical and risk assessments
Work with other development, architecture, and product development teams to ensure delivery of product
Work with 3rd party vendor on technical design/specifications, development, testing and deployment to ensure the product meets the requirements
Assist in the timely completion of assigned development projects
Prepare required documentation, including project plans, software program, and user documentation
Assist in the estimation of personnel requirements, cost, and time for development projects
Other duties as assigned
Regular attendance
Supports our BMI Core Values and cultivates a culture of diversity and inclusion


POSITION QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS
Education: Bachelor's Degree or higher in Computer Science or Math or equivalent industry experience
Front End - Experience:
Five (5) years Object Oriented development experience
Five (5) years C# project implementation experience (additional experience is strongly preferred).
Strong hands-on expertise in developing C# server-side multi-threaded services
Strong hands-on expertise in developing web applications utilizing ASP.NET MVC
Strong hands-on experience with multi-tier design patterns and frameworks; MSDN Patterns, MVC, Entity Framework.
Proficiency in JQuery, HTML5, Ajax, CSS, JavaScript
Deep knowledge of the .NET framework and a proficiency with Visual Studio
Strong SQL experience: MS SQL preferred
Knowledge of industry standard source control systems
Proficiency in Team Foundation Server/VSTS is preferred
Experience with industry standard communication protocols; REST, JSON, XML and SOAP
Experience with Agile software development methodologies
Azure experience is preferred
Backend Data - Experience:
Proven database experience, strong SQL experience
Any ETL and/or EDI experience a plus
Web – Experience:
Five (5) years web applications developement experience
Five (5) years strong hands-on experience in C#, JavaScript and ASP.NET MVC.
Strong knowledge of Front End Design patterns
Hands on working knowledge of ASP.NET Core and other ASP.NET MVC versions in support of future development
Working knowledge of NodeJS and full stack development
Hands on experience with responsive design, jQuery, and JavaScript frameworks such as Bootstrap, AngularJS, KnockoutJs, and React is preferred
Understanding of CSS and HTML including use of CSS Preprocessors such as SASS and LESS
Extensive knowledge fo UX design principles and patterns
Knowledge of industry standard source control systems.
Experience with industry standard communication protocols
Knowledge of agile software development methodologies
Skills and Abilities: This may be representative but not all inclusive of those commonly associated with this position.
Must possess ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Must be a self-motivated team player who understands the importance of teamwork, collaboration, and open communication, including a willingness to occasionally work in a pair-programming environment
Must possess the ability to create and maintain artifacts including use cases, data flow charts, process flow diagrams, software requirements document, functional specifications document, etc.
Must possess strong analytical, problem solving and technical documentation skills
Must possess ability to effectively present information and respond to questions
Experience with distributed systems or a large enterprise background is preferred
Must have an excellent understanding and hands-on experience with design and development best practices
Detail orientation and strong attention to detail
Must have progressive achievement in job history
Must be willing to work overtime, including weekends, when required
Understanding of SDLC automation concepts such as continuous integration
Must possess ability to implement strong unit and service-level tests
License(s)/Certifications Required: None

What We Give to You:
Health, dental, and vision insurance
401K with employer match
Flexible spending accounts
Paid vacation and paid sick/personal time
11 paid calendar holidays
Paid volunteer time off
Summer hours that offer more time for fun in the sun
Company paid life insurance
Up to 12 weeks paid parental leave
Tuition assistance for qualified team members
Commuter benefits (New York)
Amazing and engaging culture
Employee Resource Groups


For the health and safety of our staff, all team members who are expected to work in BMI offices or interact with the public on BMI’s behalf, be fully vaccinated against COVID-19, unless a reasonable accommodation is requested and pre-approved.

BROADCAST MUSIC, INC. IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: All applicants will receive equal opportunity for employment without regard of race, color, sex, religion, nationality, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran’s or marital status, disability, or any other cultural factor.

We are currently seeking a Quality Assurance Automation Engineer for a Permanent Full Time, Fully Remote position. The Quality Assurance Automation Engineer will be responsible for leading the concept of quality while assessing and advocating high quality across an increasing amount of customized consumer experiences. 
Job Description:

Collaborate with product and software engineers, you are a subject matter expert on everything we test and build. 
UX, Product, and software developers, you are a subject matter expert on everything we test and build.
Work cross-functionally to drive quality across the SDLC, including contributing tests in the Production code, assisting with Design for testability, and using data to drive decisions about impact and rate of investment of test code
We use rapid application development technology
We instrument our code liberally with analytics so we can see what’s happening
We release daily

Ideal Candidate Will Have:

Proficiency in writing clean, modular code using proven design patterns
Demonstrated strong programming skills in Javascript, Java, Groovy, or other OOD languages
Experience with webapp frontend test automation technologies, such as Selenium Webdriver, Vibranium, Cypress, TestCafe, etc.
Strong knowledge in Continuous Integration and Continuous delivery
Great debugging skills and proficient in identifying and analyzing the root cause of complex bugs in your code as well as others’ code
Expertise knowledge in modern test automation frameworks, such as testNG, Cypress, Mocha, or other similar frameworks
Working understanding of VCS and Linux work environment
Experience with working in an Agile environment and CI/CD driven testing culture
Preferably experience with Kotlin and/or Cadence
Strong knowledge with backend test automation of microservices, RESTful APIs, databases, data pipelines, and other similar technologies

Salary: $96,000 - $120,000
 Candidates must reside in the US and be a US Citizen or Green Card holder.
 If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please send an updated resume for immediate consideration to bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com
 Bonnie Kutin Recruiter Comcentric Inc. bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com (805) 208-2137 direct



  Remote Gameplay Network Engineer 
  
   If you are a Remote Gameplay Network Engineer with experience, please read on!
   
 Our platform harnesses the power of games and digital creation experiences to create a Metaverse of Learning - where youth play to learn and learn to make, as they build skills to thrive in a rapidly changing, globally connected world.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Work with the Lead Engineer and DevOps Engineer to create networking systems that enable collaborative game creation experiences
Work with Designers and Engineers to build multiplayer gameplay
Collaborate with Production to coordinate task lists to ensure assignments are progressing as expected according to schedules, milestones and overall project goals

 What You Need for this Position

3+ years programming in Unity (using C#)
Experience implementing networked gameplay and dealing with bandwidth and latency issues, for example client-side prediction techniques
A strong understanding of online games, including low-level networking, back-end, and internet connection issues and solutions
Experience with the implementation and requirements of client-server and peer-to-peer networking models
Experience supporting a live service
Prior development work on distributed systems and client/server architectures
Knowledge of network and server security issues
Extensive knowledge and understanding of Unitys systems related to multiplayer networking

 Preferred Skills:
  

Shipped one or more games built in Unity
Familiarity with Unitys NetCode for GameObjects (formerly MLAPI)
Cloud development or large scale data store experience
Samples of completed Unity game projects you have directly contributed to

 What's In It for You

    - Competitive Base Salary ($100k - $200k DOE)
   

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
401k
Vision
Bonus


 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
401k
Vision
Bonus


    So, if you are a Remote Gameplay Network Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dominik Sobaszek
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 


  Senior Linux Engineer QA DevOps REMOTE 
  
   We're a mid-sized security company (~100 people) with recent funding on a mission to ensure the security of many global organizations. Our solution software is configurable for both local and multinational organizations and has evolved into the lightest, most scalable endpoint solution in the world.
   
 Our HQ is based on San Jose, CA and we do have offices in the UK, Netherlands and Australia.
   
 This will be a full time role offering a base salary + bonus + equity/stock + full benefits + REMOTE (work from home)!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

System Admin + QA + DevOps
Setup test environments
Configure SSO / Okta / Active Directory 
Write test strategy and test cases for the validation of various features and bug fixes on our software.
Test strategies and cases to cover positive and negative feature testing, A/B testing, performance testing and interoperability testing.

 What You Need for this Position

5+ years of working experience
BSCS or related
Automation and Software Testing (We use Selenium)
Linux
Background consisting of Sys Admin + QA + DevOps

 Bonus points for: 
  

Python / Powershell / Bash shell
PostgreSQL
AWS 
VMWare ESXi / Virtual Box
Networking concepts and protocols
ElasticSearch, Hadoop, Redis, Spark

 What's In It for You

REMOTE work
HUGE room for career growth, we promote upward movement.
Your work will be combating cyber fraud/hacking. 
We're a leading company, with a global presence, fun environment with very sharp engineers.

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
Bonus


    So, if you are a Senior Linux Engineer - please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Bobby June
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

About the Opportunity
BreakFree Solutions is looking for experienced AWS Architects with expertise with AWS API gateways and application development in an AWS environment. Strong candidates need to have hands-on API deployment and development skills with the ability to lead a team of engineers and architects in an Agile SCUM framework.
This position is open to full time (W2) and Independent Contractor (1099).
About the Job 
To succeed in the modern era, an enterprise cannot just be able to rapidly build digital platforms—they must learn how to effectively operate them. This is how organizations capitalize on all digital transformation has to offer. At BreakFree, we empower our clients to leave behind their non-digital past and enter a digitally enabled future in order to vastly improve the way they do business.
This is no simple task, which is why we work to recruit the best minds in tech — those who can help us focus on digital product delivery, gain deep expertise in DevOps and cloud technologies, and rapidly configure and deploy cloud-native platforms.
As an integral part of our BreakFree Solutions team, you will work closely with clients and IT team members to design and implement solutions optimal for today’s technology-based and change driven business environments. You will be required to continuously adapt to these dynamic business environments as requirements, goals, strategies and technologies evolve.
Our mission at BreakFree is to support the CIO’s organization in the execution of their digital strategy, so that they can use technology to improve how they do business. To do this, we operationalize cloud-native platforms; implement strong security controls, which are routinely verified; utilize DevOps and Agile as management methodologies; and promote continuous learning as an integral part of our consulting.
Day to day, you’ll: 

Lead Agile Scrum teams as the subject matter expert in cloud computing, IT automation, and Hyper-Converged infrastructure.
Coach other team members and actively participate in workshops
Implement next-gen IT solutions
Assist BreakFree clients transform IT operating models through adoption of new technology.

We’re looking for someone who: 

Has a bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience
Has first-hand experience in business consulting
Has an understanding of client relationship accountabilit
Has experience writing scripts in Bash, PowerShell, or Python
Has experience and/or is highly proficient in Git for version control
Has an understanding of Microservices, Cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)
Has experience with infrastructure technologies for running modern applications
Has experience with Serverless computing

It would be amazing if:

You are proficient with software development
You are proficient with test automation
You are proficient with cloud native applications
You are proficient in configuration management tools such as Chef, Puppet, and Ansible.
You are proficient in Infrastructure as Code technology such as Terraform, CloudFormation, Azure Resource Manager templates
Has experience in Kubernetes and container management

At BreakFree, you’ll be expected to:

Be willing to learn and contribute to continuously improve our company’s product building process frameworks — BreakFree Delivery Framework (BFDF) —
Set project engineering work standards and make design-related recommendations based on the latest technology developments.
Understand the work involved in building secure cloud infrastructures.
Build applications using the latest software practices.
Be skilled in promoting and developing products as optimal solutions to clients’ challenges — based on industry best practices, multiple business processes and technology designs within a product/technology family — to drive optimal results.
Have strong software development skills.
Take an independent and resourceful approach to clients and business endeavors.
Be reliable and self-initiating in performing complex duties and tasks where expert judgment is necessary in order to meet client and product needs.
Travel to client locations as required

About BreakFree Solutions
In 2016, we set out with a vision for what a digitally capable IT operating model should look like. We created this model in order operationalize digital strategy to capitalize on the benefits of modern technology. Our BreakFree leaders, being technologists themselves, built our organization through the mindset of technologists. We asked BreakFreer’s how they would describe working at BreakFree in 3 words… here is what they said:
Forward-thinking:
At BreakFree, we’re founded on principles that are forward thinking, using cutting edge technologies that not only drive results for clients but make working for BreakFree continously interesting.
Freeing:
We don’t believe in micromanaging your time. Having been built on the work-from-home lifestyle, BreakFreer’s enjoy autonomy and flexibility. After all, smart, driven people are their own best bosses.
Fun:
At BreakFree, our employees enjoy their work day and are encouraged to continue skills development in their areas of interest through our learning culture.
Our Learning Culture
One of the many things that sets us apart from other IT consulting firms is our learning culture and benefits. BreakFreer’s are constantly learning and building their skills, creating a personal development plan to match their interests in and outside of work. Not only is there room to grow at our company, but we will invest time in ensuring you feel rewarded and engaged. Here’s how:

Cross-functional teams- All of our teams are cross-functional in nature, meaning experts in various disciplines are present across the team. This ensures better outcomes, but also allows team members to partner and learn from one another.
Skills-development – We help our employees develop new skills by pairing them with mentors, supplying training material and collaborating with them to track the progress on their goals through personal development plans.
Real-world experience – We know that skills in technology are truly gained by doing. That’s why, if our employees are looking to learn more on a particular subject, we will find a project for them in which they can practice those skills hands-on.

Benefits

Have a life. At BreakFree, we understand that life happens. We don’t micromanage your time.
Stay healthy and happy. We offer competitive health insurance plans that include dental and vision coverage, with options for plans to ensure you get the health care you need for yourself and your family.
Save for retirement and more. BreakFree offers a 401k retirement plan so you can save and be stress free.
Paid parental leave. We want BreakFreers to have the flexibility to balance the needs of their growing families without the added stress of figuring out work and finances.
Keep learning and growing. BreakFree provides professional development opportunities through training opportunities, access to educational platforms for desired courses, professional development assistance and a referral program.

BreakFree is a proud equal opportunity employer dedicated to recruiting and hiring talented individuals from all walks of life. We want people with varied backgrounds, experiences, and viewpoints. There's no situation that can't be improved when you bring together those with different viewpoints. If you enjoy technology, but aren't sure if you'd be accepted, please apply anyway.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software development: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS API Gateway: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS: 5 years (Preferred)
Cloud development: 5 years (Preferred)
Cloud architecture: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

The WordPress Designer should have an understanding of industry trends and content management systems and SEO best practices. Experience with responsive and adaptive design is strongly preferred. Also, an understanding of the web development process, including design, development, data compliance and deployment is preferred.
The WordPress Designer will use web development and coding skills to implement new content, copy and web design across Brandstar TV’s website properties. The position's focus will be on updating content for the purpose of improving search optimization, user experience, and longer sessions.
Duties and Responsibilities: 

Use basic programming and web design skills to optimize websites for SEO purposes.
Implement SEO recommendations for site markup, meta information and on-page content with accuracy and attention to detail.
Identify and repair SEO issues on current websites.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 

Required proficiency using WordPress platforms, themes and plugins.
Good understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML, CSS#, JavaScript, jQuery.
Experience designing and developing responsive design websites.
Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers.
Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages.
Experience with PHP.
Experience developing websites with SEO and data compliance best practices.

Education & Experience: 

Associate or Bachelor's Degree in related fields.
2+ years of WordPress coding experience; coding certification or related coursework required.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40,000.00 - $50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Web design: 1 year (Preferred)
WordPress coding: 1 year (Preferred)
JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)
HTML: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 We are seeking multiple Software Engineers in a REMOTE work format for a large scale Army R&D program that entering it’s second of three phases of prototypes before moving into the program of record phase. This program is the Army's mobile intelligence ground station that will leverage space-based, aerial and terrestrial layer sensors to provide targetable data. The system will provide access to low earth orbit satellites, enable deep sensing and shorten the sensor-to-shooter loop. It will also feature a modular, open-systems architecture, and will employ analytic tools, including advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), to assist soldiers and analysts managing large volumes of sensor data at the speed of demand in multidomain operations and across the continuum of competition and conflict. 
 Our software engineers will be involved with all phases of the software development life cycle including: 
 

SW requirements analysis
Use case support
SW architecture analysis
Detailed design
Software builds
Generating test plans
Ensuring code meets requirements through thorough unit testing
Updating technical documents
Software integration support
Problem detection and resolving discrepancy reports

Additional Skills & Qualifications:


Bachelors Degree in Engineering or related
2+ Years of experience in the following: JavaScript, Java, ArcGIS, and User Interface development.
Ability to design, develop, and maintain new software functionality
Ability to work with previously written code and make modifications as necessary
Eligible for US DoD Clearance (TS/SCI would be a plus)

Preferred:


Experience with Informatica (preferred)
 Please send resumes to rebehall@actalentservices.com 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.


Key responsibilities include 

 Work closely with our UI lead
Work closely with Software Developers / QA Engineers and the business to build outstanding products
Design and develop scalable, robust, secure, enterprise web applications
Provide technical leadership in getting new ideas into production efficiently
Enhance tools and processes to improve product design/development
Develop a deep understanding of product functionality and how it relates to business goals and practices.

  MPI does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or based on an individual's status in any group or class protected by applicable federal, state or local law. MPI encourages applications from minorities, women, the disabled, protected veterans and all other qualified applicants.
 The successful candidate will possess: 

 8+ years of experience
Primary experience in Angular
Javascript experience 
Experience developing in frontend technologies
UI design experience

 Our client is a leading advertisement agency, providing an understanding of tech buyer content consumption to their clients in order to create purchase intent insights that fuel effective marketing and sales activities.


 Health
Dental
Vision
401k plans
Open Leave Policy
18 paid holidays



Link 2 Solutions LLC has been engaged to identify top quality candidates for a new Mid/Senior Software Engineer (Microsoft Technology Stack) position to join the IT team of our great client. THIS IS A 6 MONTH CONTRACT TO HIRE or PERMANENT AND WILL BE A FULL-TIME 100% VIRTUAL OPPORTUNITY.
Significant experience with debit/credit monetary transactions, and/or NACHA/EFT in the Financial Services Sector - or specific experience in the Healthcare Sector preferred......
Develop, design, and maintain ASP.NET MVC / .NET Core web applications utilizing enterprise SDLC best practices in a full Microsoft stack environment. Write effective business layer objects, observing existing patterns and practices, and the supporting data layer methods, entities, and queries
Implement solutions in N-Tier applications utilizing C# and OOP design principals.
Utilize SQL server data access mechanisms such as Entity Framework, ADO, and TSQL to accomplish software development requirements.
Given a statement of work or functional specifications, create technical design documentation to facilitate software solutions.
Understand and assist in the maintenance of source control repositories, continuous integration services, and development operations tools.
Write technical documentation for applications and supporting software.
Research and remain current on trends and standards in programming in order to ensure continued professional development and timely adoption of standards and technology that would benefit Transnetyx projects.
EDUCATION:
B.S. in Computer Science, CIS, MIS, or related field of study or equivalent combination or education and experience.
EXPERIENCE:
Must have 2 - 3 years of experience in software development and application design.
REQUIRED COMPETENCIES:

C# with strong Object Oriented Design knowledge
SQL Server data access technologies (Entity Framework, ADO, Micro-ORM, etc.)
ASP.NET MVC 5 (Bootstrap, JS/JQuery, Razor)
ASP.NET Core
Web service development (REST, SOAP, WebApi)
A basic understanding of the Scrum agile methodology

ADDITIONAL SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience with JIRA, Bitbucket, Jenkins / Bamboo, JMeter, Azure and/or other devops tools is highly desirable.
Distributed version control systems (git, mercurial)
Cross platform mobile application development experience utilizing React, Xamarin, or Apache Cordova is a plus.
Must have excellent written and oral communication skills and be able work cooperatively and collaboratively with all levels of employees, management and third parties.
Must possess strong analytical skills, be detail-oriented, be able to work under pressure, meet deadlines, multi-task and work both independently and as a part of a team.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $90,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Software Engineering: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: One location


Role: Software Engineer 1 and 2 

We have two open roles 

Salary 80-100k 

Location: 100% Remote 


Position Summary

 The Software Engineer participates in project planning, system design, and development of internal proprietary software that supports our client objectives and client requirements.
  

Essential Functions

 Participates in scoping and estimation of software projects and change requests.
 Designs and develops proprietary software for both internal and external projects.
 Tests, maintains, and updates existing code using CI/CD for build, test, and deployment.
 Provides training and guidance in the use of developed applications.
 Provides back-up and training to data processors as needed.
 Ensures the integrity and security of company data.
 Provides back-up and training to data processors as needed.

 Qualifications

 Bachelor's Degree in related field or equivalent experience
 Two to four years' experience in software development in C#/.NET
 Experience with enterprise software applications, systems networking, relational database management systems, web service management (IIS and Apache), database management, version control, and user support
 Proficiency with front-end web technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap
 Experience with ASP.NET, .NET Core, C# (including MVC and Entity Framework), SQL (PostgreSQL preferred)
 Ability to manage multiple projects within an information systems environment

 We are an equal opportunity employer and make hiring decisions based on merit. Recruitment, hiring, training, and job assignments are made without regard to race, color, national origin, age, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, disability, or any other protected classification. We consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
  
 We are an equal opportunity employer and make hiring decisions based on merit. Recruitment, hiring, training, and job assignments are made without regard to race, color, national origin, age, ancestry, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, disability, or any other protected classification. We consider all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
 
Overview

*This position offers ability to work remotely*

This Integration Engineer is responsible delivering integration application solution by developing application and leading our offshore development team to convert business requirements into technical specifications for team to adhere to for development.

Responsibilities

Leadership

Ability to fully comprehend the integration platform and its footprint in the multiple business domains.
Follow the best practices for SDLC for integration application development and ensuring that the same is implemented correctly by the development team.
A strong understanding and knowledge of Micro-service architecture, application containerization, Cloud based deployment for an iPAAS solution.
Responsible of the management of the day to day activities of multiple offshore development resources.
Provide guidance/direction for the timely delivery of all project deliverables, e.g. technical designs, final code review and creation of CR's for deployment.
Perform periodic code reviews throughout the project lifecycle to ensure Atlas Middleware standards are being adhered to throughout the entire project lifecycle.
Validate that all delivered code meets projects objectives via reviewing completed test case results and periodic smoke testing.
Provide technical strategy for systems integration.
Continually look for opportunities to improve our MW practices and procedures by leveraging industry best in class approaches.
Individual Contributor

Responsible for the design, development, testing and documenting portal based enterprise applications.
Developing, supporting and integrating a variety of financial and airline operations systems.
Integrate data between operational systems and business reporting tools.
Gather business requirements based on process analysis and user interviews to develop application specifications.
Effectively manage time with regards to project deadlines as well as ad hoc requests.
Defines and resolves problems related to the platform, hardware, software and communication protocols.
Work with the product vendors (ex. IBM) to resolve Product-related issues.
Work with other internal support teams like DBAs, OSEs F5 support team, production control teams as part of working on the project.
Consult with staff responsible for determining hardware requirements and communication bandwidth to support projected transaction volumes and response time and system availability targets.
Keep abreast of new technological developments in this space.


Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent education, strongly preferred
Master's degree is computer science preferred
5+ years professional experience with IBM Websphere, BAW and Application Server technologies (Certification a plus)
4+ years' experience with JAVA/J2EE, JSR 168/286 Portlets, JSPs and Servlets and J2EE Web Services
Experience with the full software life cycle.
The proven ability to build code that conforms to a specified architecture, can be easily reused and well understood by other developers is essential.
Ability to QA and document one's own code is essential
Strong communication skills
Troubleshooting IBM BPM Issues.
IBM BPM Installation, Configuration, Support and Troubleshooting including Process Server and Deployment manager.
Production Support Skills for the IBM BPM Environment.
WebSphere Administration.
Good general knowledge of Linux and shell scripting.
Knowledge of industry best practices for IBM BPM.
Knowledge of at least one Webserver like Apache HTTP or IHS server and its integration with IBM BPM.
Familiarity with Nutanix platform.
Understanding of the DR topologies and their implementation for integration platform using protection domains.
Knowledge on competing integration technologies (Boomi, Mulesoft etc)
#LI-20 #LI-remote

The Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to afford equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, place of birth, age, disability, protected veteran status, gender identity or any other characteristic or status protected by applicable in accordance with federal, state and local laws.

If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please download the available EEO is the Law document at http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/poster.cfm.

To view our Pay Transparency Statement, please click here: Pay Transparency Statement
PI177781516

  FULLY REMOTE - Sr. Java Developer - Java 8/9 
  
   If you are a FULLY REMOTE - Sr. Java Developer - Java 8/9 with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    We are looking for a passionate and creative person interested in financial analytics, high-performance computing, and DevOps
   
 You will contribute to the entire stack from user interfaces to the data layer, as needed.
   
 Enhance and create new REST APIs and SaaS products
   
 Help specify, implement, and test new features
   
 Share the responsibility for deploying, monitoring, and securing our applications in AWS
   
 Assist in stepping up the architecture and refactoring to get to the next level in scalability.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    Bachelors Degree in CS or related Field Experience
   
 AND
   
 5+ years of experience with:
   
 Java 8/9 and JavaScript
   
 Preferred:
   
 AWS, Terraform, Clojure, or Go are a plus but not mandatory.
   
 Document or SQL database experience, Linux skills, and exposure to numerical programming would be helpful.
  
 What's In It for You

Vacation/PTO: 20 days of PTO with ability to earn 1 day on each anniversary up to 25 days
Medical/Dental/Vision Benefits carrier = Aetna
 - Bonus: VERY Generous Options - Options vest over 4 years
  

401k: 401k; company match available of up to $5k per calendar year


    So, if you are a FULLY REMOTE - Sr. Java Developer - Java 8/9 with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Senior Site Reliability Engineer - 100% Remote  Must be a USC  No c2c No sponsorship offered   What You'll Do

 Participate in 24x7 shifts.
 Coordinate with SRE and Engineering Team.
 Manage the Cloud Command Centre Team. 
Monitor the stability of our products with various internal tools.
 Handle incident response, troubleshooting and fix for various products/services.
 Handle escalations as per policies/procedures.
 Get different internal/external groups together to resolve production site issues effectively.
 Communicate clearly on tickets, phone calls made to the team about various issues.
 Exhibit a sense of urgency to resolve issues.
 Ensure SLA's and Operational standards are met.
 Raise tickets to different internal groups to resolve recurrent problems, alerts and follow-up on escalated issues.
 Liaison with engineering teams for RCA's, permanent resolutions on issues affecting production sites.
 Contribute to Operations handbook.
 Ensure smooth hand-offs between shifts.

 Who You Are

 Bachelor's degree or higher, in Computer Science, Engineering, IT or related discipline
 4 to 7 Years of total experience as a site reliability engineer
 Cloud: AWS/Azure/GCP
 Linux: Solid understanding of Linux Systems, sed/awk/grep/egrep, VI/VIM/Emacs, netstat, lsof, strace, ps/top/atop/dstat, grub boot config & systems rescue, fstab/disk labels, ext3/ext4, IPtables, sysstat (sar/vmstat/iostat etc), run-levels & startup scripts, sudo/chroot
 Scripting: Bash/Python
 Development Languages and Frameworks: Python/Django, Vue, React, Go Lang
 Fundamentals: Basic DNS & Networking, TCP/UDP, IP Routing, HA & Load Balancing Concepts.
 Application Protocols: SMTP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, IMAP, POP.
 Good to have Applications: Database Systems Fundamentals (MySQL/Postgres), Redis, Nginx/Apache , Supervisorctl
 Tools/Utilities: Nagios, Yum, RPM, GIT, Grafana, Prometheus, New Relic, ELK, Docker, Jenkins
 Certifications: RHCSA/RHCE/AWS (SysOps).



GENERAL OVERVIEW: 
Education Advanced, Inc. is an educational technology company that seeks to transform school processes by allowing educators to focus more of their time on what matters most: their students. Education Advanced Inc. is developing unique web and mobile applications that help make the job of test coordination, budget planning, staff and scheduling, and curriculum management more efficient.
Education Advanced, Inc. is seeking a Software Engineer III to join a team designing and building features for an existing curriculum management application and a next generation new version. We are DevOps champions, so this developer will be expected to help automate testing, deployment, monitoring, and support. Successful candidates will have a deep understanding of best engineering practices for the full software development life cycle (SDLC), including coding standards, code review, source control, build, test, deploy, and operations. The Software Engineer III will focus on projects and tasks using web-based development technologies in .NET. Applicants are expected to have experience working productively in all areas of the application or tech stack.
This position will require a reliable Internet connection and will have limited travel.
*ROLE AND RESPONSIBILITIES: *

Full-stack development
Contribute ideas and help realize product design and architecture
Design features end-to-end
Effectively lead development for epics and user stories
Assist and sometimes substitute for Software Engineering Manager on specific duties
Review the code of peers
Be involved and participate with all aspects of the agile software development lifecycle
Work with product owner/manager
Advocate for the highest quality of work through unit testing, automation testing, and monitoring
Create documentation as required
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software
Mentor junior engineers

QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: 

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar
4-6+ years as a Software Engineer or similar

REQUIRED SKILLS: 

Comprehensive experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Advanced expertise with one or more object-oriented programming languages (e.g., C#, C++, Java, Ruby), C# specifically a plus
Experience with web service frameworks (e.g., .NET, Spring, Django, Flask, Rails), .NET/.NET Core strongly preferred
Experience with web application frameworks (e.g., Blazor, Angular, React, Vue), Blazor a plus
Experience with Visual Basic .NET a plus
Knowledge of ASP.NET Web Forms a plus
Experience creating tables, queries, stored procedures using Structured Query Language (SQL)
Experience with reporting tools, Telerik Reporting or SSRS a plus
Knowledge of Internet Information Services (IIS) Manager
Proficient using IDEs (e.g., Visual Studio, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, Jetbrains Suite, NetBeans, XCode), Visual Studio 2019 or newer preferred
Thorough knowledge and experience with Git-style source control repositories, Bitbucket a plus
Wide familiarity with AWS core network, compute, storage, and communications; Certified Cloud Practitioner or Solutions Architect – Associate certificates a plus
Thorough knowledge of Agile Application Lifecycle Management tools (e.g., Jira, Rally, VersionOne), Jira preferred
Capable of producing quality code independently, with limited external guidance
Dedication to constant learning and skills improvement
Experience developing web applications and APIs
Familiarity with DevOps best practices
Experience with CI/CD and IaC concepts and experience using one or more CI/CD (e.g., Bitbucket, Jenkins, TeamCity) and IaC (e.g., CloudFormation, Terraform) platform pairings highly desirable
Familiarity with static, unit, integration, and end-to-end testing best practices and automation
Excellent oral and written communications

ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS: 

Ability and desire to adapt and acquire the skillsets needed to meet the demands of our rapidly growing company
Other Duties as assigned

Job Type: Full-time


  Overview: 
  
    As the 
   Lead Software Engineer, you will be working independently or leading teams of 5 or more people responsible for application design, development, testing, and problem resolution work teams with significant autonomy and independence. The scope of work typically includes major system projects that support company-wide business operations. As an experienced developer and an experienced technical leader the position receives periodic mentoring, feedback, and supervision by management.
  


 Applications may include custom developed software, commercial packaged software, or open-source software. Software may consist of on premise applications, cloud-based software and services, hybrid configurations, integration tools, or business workflow tools.
  


 This position has the ability to work remotely in any of the 40+ States in which TDS Telecom operates.
  


 This position can be hired at either a Sr Software Engineer or Lead Software Engineer depending on the skills and qualifications of the candidate. Different job postings exist for each of these positions. Please reference each job posting for the minimum qualifications required for each role.
   Responsibilities: 
  
Leads teams of 5 or more people that develop, test, and fix defects in application software.
 Leads the preparation and review of application software designs at the system level. The scope of design will frequently include multiple systems supporting company-wide business processes.
 Leads cross-functional work teams in preparing work estimates and project schedules for all technical work on projects. Mentors team members in the development of work plans.
 Leads work teams in resolving complex problems which are frequently unique, require creative problem solving and advanced technical skills, and frequently span multiple systems and may cross team boundaries.
 Maintains authoritative knowledge of all systems within the scope of the team's responsibility. Provides a consultative role to business process owners in the use and modification of system software.
 Maintains expert-level knowledge of software development best practices, tools, and methodologies that are recognized within the company.
 Leads teams focused on quality and continuous improvement initiatives across business units within the company.
 Maintains expert knowledge of the technologies and practices of the company's chosen markets. Maintains awareness of trends in technologies and vendor product offerings.
 Actively participates in preparing and conducting technical interviews of job candidates on behalf of the group manager.
 Qualifications: 
  
 Required Qualifications


 Bachelor’s degree (or higher) –OR- 4+ years professional work experience.
 5+ years experience in software development or testing.


 Other Qualifications


 Knowledge of software development methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of project management methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of one more programming languages used by the team.
 Knowledge of software testing practices and tools.
 Knowledge of problem solving techniques and tools.
 Ability to travel as needed for company business and professional development.
 Ability to work nights and weekends as needed for system implementations and resolving system problems.
 Knowledge of business analysis practices and business process modeling.
 Knowledge of quality management and quality improvement practices.
 Knowledge of team leadership skills, practices, and behaviors.
 Knowledge of techniques, tools, and applicable laws to conduct effective and legal interviews.
 Knowledge of techniques for writing and presenting business proposals to management.
 Knowledge of effective writing and public speaking skills. Ability to convey complex information to general audiences.


 Benefits


    As a part of your total compensation, #TDS provides a comprehensive, competitive benefit package. This benefit plan addresses both the immediate and long-term needs that you and your family may have. For an overview of what we have to offer for full-time employees including vacation, health benefits, and retirement options, please click here.
  


 At TDS, we embrace Equal Employment Opportunity by valuing our differences and consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by law. To learn about our diversity & inclusion philosophy and culture, click here!
  



  Senior Software Engineer Data Systems & Analytics $130-185K + 
  
   Job Title: Senior / Principal Software Engineer Data Systems & Analytics
    Salary: $130-185K + 20-25K stock Options
    Location: 100% REMOTE OR Hybrid San Mateo if interested/local
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    As a Senior Software Engineer in our DataSystems & Analytics Team, you will be responsible for capturing platform usage data, providing actionable insight into key business performance metrics including operational efficiency and customer behavior.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Design and build real-time analytical pipelines for the high volume data
Implement and deliver high-quality features that are built for speed, scale, and usability.
Support business decisions with ad hoc analysis as needed.
Monitoring data performance and modifying infrastructure as needed.
Mentor junior engineers and collaborate with other DataSystem engineers

 What You Need for this Position

B.S. in Computer Science or related degree
Minimum of 5 years of experience 
Background in distributed systems, and large-scale data processing
Java, Spark, Kafka, or Python
Experience with distributed databases; especially NoSQL
Ability to design solutions independently based on high-level architecture
Experience with two or more of the following: Redis, MongoDB, Kafka, Redshift, Athena, BigQuery, ElasticSearch
Experience with Agile methodologies is a plus (Scrum).
Experience with Machine Learning and Statistical analysis is a plus.

 What's In It for You

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
Stock Options

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
Stock Options


    So, if you are a Senior Software Engineer Data Systems & Analytics $130-185K + with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Ashley Upchurch
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented Cloud Data Privacy Software Engineer - Mid Level for either our San Antonio, TX, Plano, TX, Phoenix, AZ facility or Remote work location available.

USAA values a culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused results. The actual days' onsite are resolved between each employee and the employee’s manager.

The candidate selected for this position will work with the Sensitive Data Management Platform team in USAA’s Enterprise Data Office. The work involves implementing solutions to automate privacy compliance obligations, such as data discovery and classification, and will work cross-functionally to help enable the corresponding processes to enforce governance and mitigate potential compliance risks.

Engineering Professions Jobs that are part of a community have unique requirements established to maintain consistent application, usage and reporting structure. Please reach out to your HR Business Partner for additional information on specific requirements prior to posting and/or employee placement into this job.

Provides support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

Job Requirements

Tasks :
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test complex technical solutions
Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues through troubleshooting techniques.
Continually improves operations by conducting complex systems analysis and recommending changes in policies and procedures.
Prepares and installs complex solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.
Follows the software development lifecycle.
Mentors’ junior engineers and may being mentoring peer engineers; Review teammates’ code

Minimum requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree OR Approved certification from CodeUp, Galvenize, VetFIT (Veterans for IT) or eFIT (Employees for IT)
4 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s)
2 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.
Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL
Developing level of business acumen in the areas of business operations, risk management, industry practices and emerging trends.
Experience supporting efforts to address production issues through troubleshooting applications and systems.
Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred experience:
2-4 years of demonstrable experience with Cloud Platform/Cloud Security tools such as AWS, Google, Azure.
AWS experience to include a broad range of AWS Services (e.g. S3, RDS, Aurora, DynamoDB, etc.).
Experience with Amazon Macie and Google DLP.
2-4 years of Python scripting and public cloud tooling automation.
2-4 years of experience with encryption, logging, Privacy/Security protocols, regex.
Familiarity with security standards, data privacy compliance, standards and practices in engineering and data management.

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $88,200-$158,900.
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.

Please click on the link below for more details.

USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.
Candidates must be local in Greater Phoenix but can work remote with occasional office visits. No sponsorship available. 
Job Duties/Responsibilities
Architects reusable solutions that are easily maintained in the .Net Core layerSupports the Association Management System (Personify) including day-to-day operations and API development (e.g. customer records, customer tables, and financial transactions)Provides system subject matter expertise that supports Customer Operations, Sales, and ProductTroubleshoots issues with software; analyzes and fixes root causeDevelops reporting and other automation/productivity improvement to support internal customersManages updates / upgrades of software; Supports current project of Personify 7.7 upgradeInterfaces with Software provider and other third parties used for product development and delivery (e.g., HubSpot, AbsorbLMS, Cadmium, etc.)Web application support; supports current website rebuild projectEnsures system security and other IT related ad-hoc projects
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Technology or related field or similar experience.Net (Core) Development experience (ASP.net, MVC, C#)API development/Management/Integration WebAPISQL Server database knowledge and SSIS/SSRS preferredSystems interface knowledgeSSO experience (SAML2.0,OAuth,OIDC,AD,etc.)EPiServer experience a plusMicrosoft applications and broad IT expertiseWeb Aps Services, integrationTeam player, customer oriented, analytical, collaborative problem solverExcellent communication skills
Required EducationBachelor's degree in Technology or related field or similar experience/certifications
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: One location

Work Location: Fort Collins, CO
Applied Future Technologies, Inc. (AFT) is actively seeking a Senior Build and Release Engineer to join our team and support our federal customer. The successful candidate will have a solid understanding of the software build and release processes in an agile development environment. As a member of our development team, we look primarily for people who are passionate about solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You will be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals.
AFT is a growing small business concern providing Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance to our government and commercial customers. Our services include custom-engineered solutions that integrate with the latest technology, resulting in advanced information technology systems; business and management consulting services to assess client business practices; and strategic and tactical program expertise to support continuity and provide comprehensive oversight for mission-critical initiatives.
We partner with government and commercial agencies that require the development of systems, such as communication systems, asset management, network deployment and engineering services, power and energy management solutions, portal applications, command and control, and GIS to operate more efficiently and profitably.
As a growing IT consulting and strategic outsourcing provider, we are always looking for exceptionally bright and motivated people to join our team. AFT offers competitive salaries and a comprehensive employee benefits package. If you are looking for an opportunity to use your skills in innovative ways, in an environment that promotes freethinking, presents positive challenges, and makes a real impact – AFT is the place for you!
Responsibilities: 
Supervise and manage the daily activities of configuration and operation of systems which may be mainframe, mini, or client/server based. Plan and monitor the optimizing of system operation and resource utilization and perform systems capacity analysis and planning. Plan and monitor assistance to users in accessing and using business systems. Commensurate experience and education.
As a Build & Release engineer, you will be responsible for packaging code, building & deploying release packages, and supporting rapid and reliable configuration management, as well as continuous integration, build, release, and monitoring solutions.
Key Tasks: 

Ensure predictable delivery of release packages and deployments across various environments
Consistently maintain attention to details commitment to precision
Assess the quality and risks of new products, processes, and procedures
Assemble data on delivery metrics
Build, deploy, and maintain multiple environments
Maintain updated documentation of the build & release process
Execute test scripts for building software packages
Organize a release schedule and oversee release deployment
Manage and maintain key artifacts and information such as build and release procedures, and audit trails
Continually work towards improving the release process

Education and Experience: 

A four-year technical degree – such as Computer Science, Information Systems, or Engineering – is required.
6 or more years of experience as a software build and release engineer.

Required Skills and Competencies: 

5+ years as software engineer/programmer
5+ years of experience configuring large-scale applications
5+ years working in an Agile environment
Experience working with cloud automation tools (Puppet, Chef etc.)
Experience working with Amazon EC2 and Kubernetes
5+ years of experience working with software build tools and integration tools
Solid experience working with Linux
Solid experience with Microsoft Windows
Solid knowledge of version control systems (Git, SVN, Perforce etc.)
Strong experience with configuration management tools like Ansible (preferred), Jinja, SaltStack, Puppet, or Chef
Experience with Ansible Tower
Strong scripting/development experience to automate common routines with Bash and Python
Strong experience with SCM, CI/CD workflows and tools (Git, GitLab, XLDeploy, Artifactory, Maven)
Experience managing and configuring OpenShift/Kubernetes
Strong experience with containerization tools like Docker
Strong Linux system administration experience (RHEL/SE Preferred)
Strong experience automating Agile SDLC workflows, including branching/merging, tags, pull requests, release management, and continuous integration builds with automated tests
An interest in staying updated with the latest advancements in technology

Desired Skills: 

Experience working with databases MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, etc.
Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework,
Familiarity with Java and Angular or other frameworks
Familiarity with deploying, configuring, and troubleshooting JEE apps
Experience with Appian, Oracle DB, JBoss (EAP, AMQ, and Fuse), BPM frameworks
Experience with STIG controls
Experience with SELinux
Experience with SSL certificate management
Experience managing and configuring JBOSS and/or Tomcat web containers
Experience with Apache, Nginx, HAProxy as reverse proxies
Experience with monitoring tools such as Zabbix, Outcold, Nagios, or similar
Experience with logging configuration and analysis; Splunk experience is a plus
Experience with cloud based services (AWS, Azure, PAAS)
Experience with JIRA and other Atlassian tools
Experience with tools such as Tableau and Grafana
Experience with RedHat Enterprise Linux
Experience in a DevSecOps environment

The successful candidate is subject to a U.S. Federal Government background investigation and must be able to meet the requirements to hold a position of public trust or higher.
As a federal contracting company expected to fall under the Safer Federal Workforce Task Force (https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/faq/contractors/), AFT requires that all new employees be fully vaccinated (two weeks after final dose) against COVID-19 before their start date
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $175,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

COVID-19 considerations:We follow all CDC guidelines for Covid-19
Experience:

Azure: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS: 3 years (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 3 years (Preferred)
Software deployment: 5 years (Required)
Agile: 5 years (Required)
CI/CD: 3 years (Preferred)
Scripting: 3 years (Preferred)
Docker: 3 years (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Mobile Development Leader
At nClarity, we’re inventing ways to modernize how commercial buildings are managed. Better managed buildings not only drive better financial performance, they also reduce carbon emissions. Our team has invented a new platform that attacks a huge “white space” opportunity in building management and we are leveraging our patent portfolio to launch new SaaS services to fulfill our mission.
The Mobile Development Leader is an experienced mobile developer capable of leading the vision, design, and implementation of our mobile application suite. Location: Any location. We are located in Bend, Oregon - a unique recreational location close to Mt. Bachelor and the Deschutes National Forest - if you see yourself relocating in the future. Check us out at nclarity.com
Responsibilities

Work closely with senior stakeholders to understand business requirements and translate these into technical requirements into mobile applications.
Planning and documenting technical specifications for system design, architecture, and features.
Designing, building and configuring applications to meet business process and application requirements.
Design, develop, code, and debugging of mobile applications.
Writing testable, scalable and efficient code and leading code reviews.

Additional Responsibilities:
Project managementDefining, participating in and supervising each stage of the project.Ensuring each project stays on schedule and adheres to the deadlines.Tracking milestones, deliverables, and change requests.
nClarity Mobile Solution Stack includes:Some maintenance of Cordova mobile apps on IOS and AndroidRewriting these apps to React Native Web and Mobile apps for IOS, Android, MongoDB, LogRocket
And, of course this is no surprise to you: 

Excellent technical knowledge.
Good leadership, decision-making, and organization skills.
Strong attention to detail and multi-tasking skills.
Experience using Github or other software development tools
Experience with mobile development projects

Contact:
David Roussain, COO954-205-4493
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $75,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Software: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

REQUIRED

Must have strong Full-stack development experience across distributed applications and services
Must be Proficient in Python
Experience in building the APIs and microservices using Python
Hands-on experience building and deploying applications using a variety of Amazon Web Services (primarily Cloud Formation, serverless, compute, container and database services)
Experience executing the Software Development Lifecycle in an agile environment
Ability to apply design patterns and object-orientation to solutions
Ability to triage, execute root cause analysis, and be decisive under pressure
Exposure to Unix shell and PowerShell scripting
Hands-on experience with containers and container orchestration preferred
Proficiency with CI/CD tools (Jenkins, Concourse preferred)

entegee.com
This message is intended only for the designated recipient(s). It may contain confidential or proprietary information and may be subject to other contractual or confidentiality protection. If you are not a designated recipient, you may not review, copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error, please notify the sender by reply email and delete this message.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $65.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  REMOTE Senior C#/UI Frontend Developer - Blazor 
  
   Founded in 2015 and built-out by a Seasoned MIT Engineer alongside an industry veteran, we are modernizing the insurance underwriting process through the use of AI!
   
 We have built the Next Generation Underwriting and Distribution Management Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Platform that powers our suite of insurance optimized data solutions to help insurance companies manage, utilize & expand their data to improve underwriting accuracy and manage risk. But that's not all, we are also building a company of developers, nsurance experts, data scientist's and machine learning/AI engineers,where collegiality and respect are at the core and drives us to success!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

We're switching tracks from what was to be a React PWA and immediately conducting a re-write to Blazor. You will work hand-in-hand to put us on a new stable foundation for the future. We are seeking a Senior/Lead Level resource who comes with extensive hands on experience delivering .Net Core/Blazor applications

 What You Need for this Position

C#
UI
.NET Core
.NET
Blazor (plus)

 What's In It for You

Flexible PTO schedule, Holidays, Sick Days, etc
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, etc
Tuition reimbursement
etc


    So, if you are a REMOTE Senior C#/UI Frontend Developer - Blazor, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dylan Rogelstad
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

RESPONSIBILITIES:
 A Kforce client in Salt Lake City, Utah (UT) is seeking to hire a Remote JavaScript Engineer. 
 

Summary:
 The Software Engineer works effectively across the entire software development life cycle. This includes requirements definition, prototyping, detailed design, coding, testing, deployment, and support of the day-to-day operation of production systems. The Software Engineer is expected to collaborate with technical staff, management, and business operations. 
 

REQUIREMENTS:


Expert in JavaScript and Typescript language
Experience building enterprise-scale backend REST services using an API-first paradigm
Hands-on experience building services with Node.js, Nest.js, GraphQL
Experience with API Security & Federated Identity Technology such as OAUTH 2.0, JWTs, Open ID Connect, UMA, and SAML 2.0
Understanding of the design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and high-performing backends
Experience in data modeling using Mongo Db, Cosmos Db
Experience with Microsoft Azure is desired but not required, a mindset towards building systems for the cloud and DevOps fundamentals
Should be proficient in documenting the software architecture and other software artifacts
Experience with continuous delivery, git, test automation, and build/deploy systems
 Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
We, at Leggett & Platt Inc., are searching for a Front End Web Developer within our Bedding team to help support our Adjustable Bed Group business. Did you know we have been revolutionizing the sleep industry since 1883? That’s right! In fact, we hold the original patent on a spiral steel coil bed spring, filed way back in 1885. Since then, we have been an industry leader in guaranteeing you get the best sleep possible. If you join our team, your work will ensure people across the world have a little more comfort in their lives.
As a Front End Web Developer you will have the opportunity to provide solution architecture to solve for the business problem, platform integration with third party services, and design and develop complex features to fulfill business needs. Your contributions will have a direct impact on the business by executing high quality solutions for stakeholders and contributing to the day to day technical excellence of the team. The team you will be working with is collaborative and innovative, and values diversity of thought and independence.
At this point, you’re probably thinking, this sounds great, right?! But wait there’s more. We’re proud of the fact that we are strongly rooted in being an inclusive, people-focused organization. Our company culture reflects values like integrity, ownership, and authenticity. We take these to heart, and if you do as well, you’ll fit right in.
So, what will you be doing as a Front End Web Developer?
Detailed design, development and unit / integration testing utilizing the appropriate methodologies, technology, and tools
Practice strong configuration management and version control
Ability to work independently with a focus on first‐time quality
Engage with business stakeholders to understand required capabilities, integrating business knowledge with technical solutions.
Production of stakeholder deliverables such as detailed design documentation, unit test plans and well documented code
Ensure deliverables are of the highest quality to promote stakeholder satisfaction
Maintain technical excellence in the execution and the delivery of implementations of varying scope
Independently estimate and manage assigned tasks
To be successful in this role, you’ll need:
1‐2 years of development experience on the Microsoft ASP.NET stack
Knowledge of modern technologies and software development practices and patterns
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Strong interpersonal and teamwork skills
Must be flexible to new situations and challenges
Experience in the following technologies:
ASP.NET MVC/Web API
Object‐oriented/architectural design patterns
Infrastructure design and DevOps
Modern front‐end development
Git and Gitflow
Expertise in software architecture and design patterns
Things we consider a plus
Experience and expertise in the following technologies:
Modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angular
Microsoft Azure, including Azure App Services, Azure SQL, Azure Active Directory, and Azure Virtual Machines.
Continuous Deployment/Release Management with Azure DevOps
Optimizely Personalization
Optimizely Commerce
This role is designated as a Remote position
Our benefits may vary slightly from one location to the next, but what you will find, is that we offer: medical, dental, and vision insurance; as well as paid vacation, paid personal time, and various opportunities to give back to your local community. One convenient fact about our medical plan, is that we offer tele-visits, so you don’t have to leave the comfort of your home when you are feeling under the weather! We also strongly encourage and provide opportunities for learning and professional development. Our Learning & Development team has put together in-house training on subjects like front-line supervisor essentials, how to manage conflict in the workplace, and many others.
Now that you’ve had a chance to learn more about us, what are you waiting for! Apply today and allow us the opportunity to learn more about you and the value you can bring to our team. Once you apply, be sure to create a profile, and sign up for job alerts, so you can be the first to know when new opportunities become available.
Leggett & Platt Inc. is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. In keeping with our commitment, Leggett & Platt Inc. will take the steps to assure that people with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations.
Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Veteran/Disability Employer
For specific regional privacy notices please refer to our http://privacy.leggett.com/privacy-notices
Title: PHP Developer (Contract) - Job# 3513Location: RemoteJob Description: Our client located in RI is looking for a Remote PHP developer to join their team on a long term contract. The PHP developer will be assisting the team updating the codebase from hand crafted PHP and code igniter with Angular and JavaScript on the front end to a much more simplified Laravel PHP with React on the front end.Responsibilities

Review, Analyze, Modify, Create source code
Move code from Angular to Laravel
Debug existing product bugs
Implement new requirements to enhance the technology platform

Required

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science preferred
3+ years developing and maintaining PHP in a LINUX environment, w/ JavaScript
3+ years experience with relation databases (MySQL preferred)
3+ years software development/engineering experience in a professional, compensated environment
Work Independently or in a team environment
Strong preference on Full Stack skills , HTML5, CSS3
Experience with Laravel
Experience with React

About Delphi-USDelphi-US is a national recruiting firm based in Newport, Rhode Island. We specialize in IT, Engineering and Professional Staffing services for organizations from Main Street to Wall Street. Our mission is simple: To connect great people to great companies. We accomplish this with a proprietary skill-based and cultural matching process that results in higher qualified submissions along with increased interviews and offer rates. You’ll find our team is friendly, professional and ready to advocate on your behalf, armed with industry trends, and an understanding of employer needs.For immediate consideration, please contact: Rich Braun- EVP Talentrbraun@delphi-us.com855-863-0464 x1001
Job Type: Contract

JOB DESCRIPTION
We have an immediate opening for a senior software engineer with experience in Oracle PL/SQL development and C# programming. This job will put you squarely between business and technology challenges. Your creativity and ingenuity will directly impact new product offerings and company initiatives. With the support of the other development team members, you will have the chance to develop your skills towards more significant opportunities.
If this sounds interesting, check out the list of duties and requirements you will need to be considered.
Typical Duties: 

Assist in designing and programming software applications for desktop, web, and mobile platforms.
Build scalable, fault-tolerant applications.
Stay current on the latest technologies.
Prepare technical correspondence for internal and external use.
Define, document, and execute unit test cases to confirm requirements are met.
Provide subject matter expertise in support of technical activities.
Prepare technical correspondence for internal and external use.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Education/Experience Requirements:

4+ years of Oracle PL/SQL development.
6+ years of experience in C# development & programming
Complete understanding of object-oriented programming.
Must have a true passion for technology.
Location:  Central California or Remote in the Pacific or Mountain time zone

Desired Qualities:

Proficient in the following technologies: C#, .NET, HTML 5.0, JavaScript, Webservices (JSON, XML), LINQ
Microsoft SQL Server experience a positive.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote




    Manager, Software Test Engineering
   



     Join a high-performing, tight-knit team at a fast-growing company that is using the Internet of Things (IoT) to transform how organizations sense, monitor, and make decisions. Founded out of MIT in 2005, SmartSense by Digi is trusted by more than 4,000 organizations, including Walmart, SpaceX, Apple, CVS Health, Coca-Cola, and the US State Department to help them make sensor-driven decisions. We have a solution that our customers rely on every day to make mission critical decisions. We are looking for team-oriented change agents to help shape the future of IoT.
   



     Make an impact in a customer-driven company that is transforming the way companies monitor their critical environments and make decisions about safeguarding their key assets. We’re building next-generation IoT products and infrastructure that helps companies measure their world, transmit their valuable metrics to a centralized location, alert when there is something to be concerned about and even predict key events before they happen.
   



     Dive into an empowered role directing our software quality assurance approach and methods. You’ll be familiar with all parts of our stack—data ingestion, storage, notification, presentation and analytics. You will be determining how to best assure high quality delivery of systems, and measuring how well we are proceeding in our efforts. You’ll exercise judgment every day working with our Product team and our Engineering teams to make tradeoffs between what we build, how we validate it, and when we have met the bar to release. You will lead test engineers in building out automated test suites so we can stay on top of changes to a constantly evolving, complex system. You will work closely with engineering executives to grow and scale the test engineering team as we continue to grow.
   



     SmartSense is an incredibly fast paced customer-driven company and you’ll be an active voice in shaping our product and user experience, down to the last detail when shipping your features. Our close-knit, cross-functional team is a great chance to grow your knowledge across all layers of our system.
   



     You’ll join a team where everyone—including you—is knowledgeable about development patterns, an excellent teammate and opinionated about agile product development process. We all pitch in to help wherever necessary when things are crazy.
   


 WITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU’LL…


 Learn the nuts and bolts of our physical sensor platform & cloud platform
 Learn about the team and process, and share your own fresh outside perspective to improve how we work 
 Lead teams through several release cycles
 Coach team members through test plan and code reviews
 Begin to play a role in building our team by identifying top talent and helping to recruit and speed them up the learning curve



 WITHIN 6 MONTHS, YOU’LL...


 Play a key role in building our team by identifying top talent and helping to recruit and speed them up the learning curve
 Influence the strategic direction of the software engineering organization
 Help engineering executive management quantify product health and performance



 WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU’LL…


 Introduce new tools and techniques to catch problems earlier in the development process.
 Train, mentor and influence your peers and engineers across the organization
 Play a significant role in helping us to win some of the largest IoT projects in the world



 Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.
   



Core technologies

 C#/.NET, Java, JavaScript, Go, Python, HTML/CSS, Android, iOS - Swift AWS relational/non-relational databases CI/CD, DevOps, Git, Web Services and SaaS





Qualifications

 BA/MA degree in CS, EE, or related field 5+ years of development or software test automation experience 1+ years of software team management experience as an agile coach well versed in security principles, testing and quality engineering approaches adaptability, a team first attitude, and awesome





    SmartSense by Digi builds internet connected sensors and software that enable organizations to automatically monitor, track, and analyze sensor data for quality control, compliance, and operational efficiency. Our team is motivated to improve the world by providing real-time information that ensures medication and food safety. Our Vaccine Monitoring Initiative donates one system for each system we sell, so that a healthcare clinic in need can monitor life-saving vaccines. We endeavor to be both the best in the world at what we do, as well as, to be the best for the world because of how we do it; if you’re the right candidate, we will reach that goal together – and have a great time doing it!
   



     SmartSense is proud to be an equal-opportunity workplace dedicated to pursuing and hiring a diverse workforce.
   






Alternate Locations: Work from Home; Atlanta, GA (Georgia); Austin, TX (Texas); Bakersfield, CA (California); Baltimore, MD (Maryland); Baton Rouge, LA (Louisiana); Birmingham, AL (Alabama); Boise, ID (Idaho); Boston, MA (Massachusetts); Buffalo, NY (New York); Canonsburg, PA (Pennsylvania); Charlotte, NC (North Carolina); Chicago, IL (Illinois); Cincinnati, OH (Ohio); Cleveland, OH (Ohio); Columbia, SC (South Carolina); Columbus, OH (Ohio); Concord, NH (New Hampshire); Dallas, TX (Texas); Deerfield Beach, FL (Florida); Denver, CO (Colorado); Detroit, MI (Michigan); Dover, NH (New Hampshire); Durham, NC (North Carolina); Edina, MN (Minnesota); Edison, NJ (New Jersey); Ellicott City, MD (Maryland); Fayetteville, SC (South Carolina); Florence, SC (South Carolina); Fort Lauderdale, FL (Florida); Fort Wayne, IN (Indiana); Fort Worth, TX (Texas); Gainsville, FL (Florida); Glen Allen, VA (Virginia); Glendale, CA (California); Greensboro, NC (North Carolina); Greenwood Village, CO (Colorado); Hartford, CT (Connecticut); Houston, TX (Texas); Huntsville, AL (Alabama); Indianapolis, IN (Indiana); Irvine, CA (California); Jacksonville, FL (Florida); Johnson City, TN (Tennessee); Kansas City, KS (Kansas); La Jolla, CA (California); Lexington, KY (Kentucky); Los Angeles, CA (California); Louisville, KY (Kentucky); Lutherville, MD (Maryland); Madison, WI (Wisconsin); Memphis, TN (Tennessee); Miami, FL (Florida); Milwaukee, WI (Wisconsin); Minneapolis, MN (Minnesota); Nashville, TN (Tennessee); New York, NY (New York); None; Norwood, OH (Ohio); Omaha, NE (Nebraska); Orlando, FL (Florida); Palm Desert, CA (California); Paramus, NJ (New Jersey); Parsippany, NJ (New Jersey); Philadelphia, PA (Pennsylvania); Phoenix, AZ (Arizona); Pittsburgh, PA (Pennsylvania); Plano, TX (Texas); Plymouth Meeting, PA (Pennsylvania); Portland, ME (Maine); Portland, OR (Oregon); Radnor, PA (Pennsylvania); Raleigh, NC (North Carolina); Richmond, VA (Virginia); Rochester, NY (New York); Rockville, MD (Maryland); Rolling Meadows, IL (Illinois); Rye Brook, NY (New York); Sacramento, CA (California); Salt Lake City, UT (Utah); San Antonio, TX (Texas); San Diego, CA (California); San Francisco, CA (California); San Ramon, CA (California); Schaumburg, IL (Illinois); Scottsdale, AZ (Arizona); Seattle, WA (Washington); Southfield, MI (Michigan); St. Louis, MO (Missouri); Syosset, NY (New York); Tampa, FL (Florida); Toledo, OH (Ohio); Tupelo, MS (Mississippi); US All Regions; US Midwest; US Northeast; US Southeast; US Southwest; US West; Vienna, VA (Virginia); Virginia Beach, VA (Virginia); Walnut Creek, CA (California); Washington, DC (District of Columbia); Westlake Village, CA (California); White Plains, NY (New York); Windsor, CT (Connecticut); Woodmere, OH (Ohio)
  



Work Arrangement: Work from Home
  



Relocation assistance:: is not available for this opportunity.
  



Pay Range: $63,100 - $137,900
  



Bonus Potential:




Requisition #: 69444
  






       General Purpose of Job
     


     This position will consult/analyze and deliver on more complex assignments/projects for their assigned area(s) of application development responsibility. They will also act as a resource and develop more complex innovative business solutions by creating new applications, modifying existing applications and providing post production support. They will deliver more complex business application software solutions following the system development life cycle process.
    




       Duties and Responsibilities
     



      Analyzes increasingly complex systems specifications of existing programs to determine requirements.
     

       Analyzes, designs, codes, debugs, integrates and tests increasingly complex software application solutions for systems.
     

       Champions and enhances organizational initiatives by positively influencing and supporting change management and/or departmental/enterprise initiatives within assigned area(s) of responsibility.
     

       Communicates effectively with internal stakeholders and management.
     

       Consults and/or participates in the requirements, design and coding walkthroughs to ensure the development of quality solutions.
     

       Consults/Analyze on more complex assignments and/or projects for their assigned area(s) of responsibility.
     

       Creates increasingly complex technical specifications from business requirements/business specifications.
     

       Defines detailed development tasks, task dependencies and estimates to complete work.
     

       Determines how existing applications, systems, databases, interfaces and/or hardware can interact to meet new and emerging enterprise initiatives.
     

       Documents increasingly complex programs and procedures.
     

       Identifies and recommends process improvements that significantly reduce workloads or improve quality for their assigned area(s) of responsibility.
     

       Identifies potential application solutions by understanding increasingly complex business/technical problems and opportunities.
     

       Investigates and resolves increasingly complex problems including providing support for production systems in a timely manner.
     

       Maintains knowledge on current and emerging developments/trends for assigned area(s) of responsibility, assesses the impact, and collaborates with management to incorporate new trends and developments in current and future solutions.
     

       Partners with internal stakeholders to ensure that systems are designed, developed and implemented from a business point of view.
     

       Prepares and/or generates test data.
     

       Proactively identifies problems and presents/develops solutions
     

       Provides input and validates increasingly complex project plans, test plans and implementation plans.
     

       Researches, develops, implements and maintains increasingly complex business application solutions.
     

       Serves as a resource to team members and applicable internal/external stakeholders on more complex assignments/projects for their assigned area(s) of responsibility.
     

       Tests increasingly complex program changes thoroughly to ensure accuracy.
     





       Additional Position Responsibilities
     



      Carries out duties in compliance with all state and federal regulations and guidelines. Complies with all company and site policies and procedures.
     

       Makes a positive contribution as demonstrated by: - Making suggestions for improvement - Learning new skills, procedures and processes
     

       Performs other duties as required.
     

       Remains current in profession and industry trends.
     





       Other Skills and Abilities
     



      Ability to perform under stress in cases of emergency, critical or hazardous situations.
     

       Ability to work with others in a team environment.
     

       Demonstrated strong relationship management skills with internal clients (e.g. management, peers and colleagues); proven ability to develop collaborative approaches.
     

       Demonstrates ability to identify and recommend processes improvements.
     

       Demonstrates excellent organizational skills with the ability to prioritize workload and multi-task while maintaining strict attention to detail.
     

       Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills with a collaborative style.
     

       Demonstrates the ability to use sound judgment and discretion regarding confidential information.
     

       Finds common ground and can gain collaboration among management, colleagues and peers; can influence outcomes without directing or commanding.
     

       Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).
     

       Strong project management skills including, critical ability to coordinate and balance multiple projects in a time-sensitive environment, under pressure, and meeting deadlines.
     

       Successfully completes regulatory and job training requirements.
     





       Education
     



      4 Year/Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience (4 years of experience in lieu of Bachelors)_Minimum Required in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Systems, Information Technology or Computer Engineering or equivalent work experience
     

       4 Year/Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) - Minimum Required in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Information Systems, Information Technology or Computer Engineering
     





       Certifications
     






      Experience
     


     3 - 5+ Years experience in application development that directly aligns with the specific responsibilities for this position (Required )
    



 What’s it like to work here?


   At Lincoln Financial Group, we love what we do. We make meaningful contributions each and every day to empower our customers to take charge of their lives. Working alongside dedicated and talented colleagues, we build fulfilling careers and stronger communities through a company that values our unique perspectives, insights and contributions and invests in programs that empower each of us to take charge of our own future.
  



What’s in it for YOU:




     A clearly defined career framework to help you successfully manage your career
     


     Leadership development and virtual training opportunities
     


     PTO/parental leave
     


     Competitive 401K and employee benefits
     


     Free financial counseling, health coaching and employee assistance program
     


     Tuition assistance program
     


     A leadership team that prioritizes your health and well-being; offering a remote work environment and flexible work hybrid situations
     


     Effective productivity/technology tools and training
     



Work Arrangement


   Work from Home : Employees will work from home and are not required to work in a Lincoln office on a regular basis.
  



Lincoln will evaluate the following when setting the successful candidate's wage rate:


Prior work or industry experience.
Education level to the extent education is relevant to the position.
Unique skills





About The Company


   Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 200 company with over 10,000 employees, provides advice and solutions that help empower Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence. Our core business areas — Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection — focus on supporting, preserving and enhancing over 17 million customer’s lifestyles and retirement outcomes.
   
 Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE: LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $324 billion in end-of-period account values as of June 30, 2021.
   
 Ranked one of the Best Large Employers in America and Best Employers for Women by 
   Forbes magazine as well as one of 
   Newsweek’s Most Responsible Companies, Lincoln Financial Group makes a serious investment in our employees’ futures through a broad range of wealth accumulation and protection plans, health and wellness programs, and career development resources designed to help each individual reach their personal and professional goals.
  



   Lincoln is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
  



   Lincoln Financial Group is a committed corporate citizen included on major sustainability indices including the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America and FTSE4Good. Dedicated to diversity and inclusion, we earned perfect 100 percent scores on the Corporate Equality Index and the Disability Equality Index. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram. Sign up for email alerts at http://newsroom.lfg.com
  



Be Aware of Fraudulent Recruiting Activities


   If you are interested in a career at Lincoln, we encourage you to review our current openings and apply on our website. Lincoln values the privacy and security of every applicant and urges all applicants to diligently protect their sensitive personal information from scams targeting job seekers. These scams can take many forms including fake employment applications, bogus interviews and falsified offer letters.
  

   Lincoln will not ask applicants to provide their social security numbers, date of birth, bank account information or other sensitive information in job applications. Additionally, our recruiters do not communicate with applicants through free e-mail accounts (Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail) or conduct interviews utilizing video chat rooms. We will never ask applicants to provide payment during the hiring process or extend an offer without conducting a phone, live video or in-person interview. Please contact Lincoln's fraud team at fraudhotline@lfg.com if you encounter a recruiter or see a job opportunity that seems suspicious.
  



Additional Information


   This position may be subject to Lincoln’s Political Contribution Policy. An offer of employment may be contingent upon disclosing to Lincoln the details of certain political contributions. Lincoln may decline to extend an offer or terminate employment for this role if it determines political contributions made could have an adverse impact on Lincoln’s current or future business interests, misrepresentations were made, or for failure to fully disclose applicable political contributions and or fundraising activities.
  



   Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Lincoln Financial Group are considered property of Lincoln Financial Group and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
  



   Lincoln Financial Group (“LFG”) is an Equal Opportunity employer and, as such, is committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, compensate, train and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, Veteran status, or genetic information. Applicants are evaluated on the basis of job qualifications. If you are a person with a disability that impedes your ability to express your interest for a position through our online application process, or require TTY/TDD assistance, contact us by calling 
   260-455-2558.
  



   This Employer Participates in E-Verify. See the E-Verify notices.
  

   Este Empleador Participa en E-Verify. Ver el E-Verify avisos.
  

 Nearest Major Market: Philadelphia


Top Must-Have Skills / Candidate Requirements:JavaspringbootLamdareact/ functional programmingOracle/ Mongo Database
Following skills are a plus:

AngularJS/JavaScript exp.
Agile exp.
HTML, CSS
RESTful API

Degrees/Certifications/Years of Overall Experience Required:6-8 years
Day to Day Responsibilities:agile environment2 week sprints
What will separate an average candidate vs a great candidate on a resume?

newer version of java

Who is this workers main interaction going to be with?

product manager, other developers, bsa

How will performance be measured?

quality of code, vulnerability free, functionality, meeting coding standards

Compelling Story – Why would a candidate be interested in this role over another?

cutting edge tech, reimagining how the application is digitized, microapps

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $68.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you a US Citizen Or Green Card?
Can you work on w2

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Noom Inc. is a leader in mobile health coaching. We combine the power of technology with the empathy of real human coaches to deliver successful behavior change. Our direct-to-consumer mobile applications have reached more than 45 million users worldwide- and counting. We’ve leveraged our behavior change platform to incorporate the CDC’s Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), and have expanded to programs for diabetes management, pre-hypertension, and hypertension. Our Engineering team is at the forefront of this challenge, solving complex technical problems that center around habits, behavior, and lifestyle.

What You’ll Be Doing:

Our team runs experiments at an extremely fast cadence. We value learning extremely quickly. You will be collaborating with us to hypothesize, build, run and analyze experiments to help our users better engage with our product.
Due to our quick experiment cadence, we’ve built a system in-house named Meristem which we use to run experiments. You will be working to add new features to this system as well as ensure it is solid and reliable.
Working with our team to improve our React client, building new features, refactoring legacy code, and working to structure our application to improve our experimentation capabilities.

 What We Need:

4+ years of experience building websites using modern frameworks such as React, Vue.js, or Angular.
Experience with at least one CSS preprocessor (Sass, Less, Stylus, etc).
Deep knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, modern browser APIs.
Experience working on an agile software development team.
Strong experience with Git, Github and the Git branching model.
An active interest in experimentation on the web, running A/B or multi-arm bandit experiments.
Ability to deliver on significant team objectives with minimal input from leadership.
An interest in mentoring and developing junior engineers within the team.

What We’d Like:

Knowledge of a backend language (Node, TypeScript, Python, PHP, Java, etc) and backend framework is a plus.
Experience with Redux, Redux-Thunk, and React-router is a plus.
Experience with vanilla javascript DOM apis is a plus.
Experience with A/B testing is a plus.
Experience solving medium to large scale problems independently
Experience with identifying and eliminating bottlenecks for the team

What Makes This Job Amazing:

Consistent and frequent 1:1s with your manager and tech leads to provide feedback and to help you grow as an engineer.
You’ll have opportunities to work on high impact projects. The Growth team is a major part of Noom’s success and is at the forefront of innovation within the company.
Experimentation is at the core of Noom’s culture, and we’re not afraid of failing fast and benefitting from the educational experience. Have an idea? Let’s prioritize it and run an experiment to see if it's worth pursuing.
Your work helps millions of people to live a healthier life. We pride ourselves on working hard to understand our users in order to help them reach their goals.
You’ll experience personal and professional growth opportunities: we’ll cover the cost of books, courses, conferences, mentors… you name it!

This position is either Remote or at our New York City headquarters.

At Jack Henry & Associates, we deliver technology solutions that are digitally transforming and empowering community banks and credit unions to provide enhanced and streamlined user experiences to their customers and members. Our best-in-class products are just the start as we lay the groundwork for the future of digital banking and payments. We hope you’ll join us. We can’t do it without you. 
Candidate needs to be highly technical. Success in this position requires the understanding of networking, routing, load balancing, hosted application design, web server, database servers, application servers, powershell, virtualization, storage, replication, etc. Oversees the environment and product design requirements, planning, and deployment into JHA private hosted datacenter space. Security and stability focused leveraging available options from an ever-changing technology landscape. Coordinate with BU’s to plan integration, environment improvements or changes, new processes or improvements, support structure changes. Interface with other engineering teams to identify opportunities for improvement to existing design or support model based on changes to infrastructure; new tools, technology, or changes/improved processes.

 This position will be filled to work Remotely within the U.S.

 What you’ll be responsible for: 


Responsible for the design, deployment and early-life support of UCE and Azure based services.
 Responsible for documentation of solutions to meet design, operational, and audit requirements.
 Responsible for process alignment between product, development, and operations teams.
 Meets with Business units to gather requirements for traditional services. Documents requirements, communicates requirements to Tech Ops, creates environment to those requirements.
 Creates environment diagrams and all documentation for new services. Provides Architectural/Design considerations to Business Units related to security and best practices for deploying a multi -tenant service.
 Assists Business units with install and configuration of service, then Operates services through Beta, performs initial disaster recovery test. Works with Business units to develop Monitoring and Change control processes.
 Works with business units to design, deploy, and support the applications and systems used by internal (Education, Ovation, Banking Ops Implementation, ECS, Gladiator, and Symitar) business units.
 May perform other job duties as assigned.


 What you’ll need to have:

 5 years of server administration experience.
 3 years of PowerShell experience.
 Ability to travel up to 5% to attend JHA meetings, trainings, and/or professional conferences.


 What would be nice for you to have:

 Strong networking aptitude.
 Azure experience.
 Proficient knowledge of IT infrastructure concepts and principles.
 Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
 Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills.
 Microsoft IIS Administration.
 SSL Certificate Management.
 SQL experience.
 Project management skills.
 Extensive Power Shell and scripting skills.
 Able to perform in a fast-paced, high pressure environment.
 Ability to handle multiple projects and/or tasks.
 Strong ITIL knowledge and/or certification(s).
 Experience with Web Site Performance Tuning, Monitoring and Vulnerability Management.


 If you got this far, we hope you're feeling excited about this opportunity. Even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement on this posting, we still encourage you to apply. We're eager to meet motivated people who align with Jack Henry’s mission and can contribute to our company in a variety of ways. 
Why Jack Henry?
 At Jack Henry, we pride ourselves through our motto of, "Do the right thing, do whatever it takes, and have fun." We recognize the value of our associates and believe much of our company’s strength and success depends on their well-being. We demonstrate our commitment by offering outstanding benefit programs to ensure the physical, mental & financial wellbeing of our people is always met. 
Culture of Commitment 
Ask our associates why they love Jack Henry, and many will tell you it is because our culture is exceptional. We do great things together. Rising to meet challenges and seeking opportunities is part of who we are as an organization. Our culture has helped us stay strong through challenging times and we credit our dedicated associates for our success. Visit our Corporate Responsibility site to learn more about our culture and commitment to our people, customers, community, environment, and shareholders. 
Equal Employment Opportunity
 At Jack Henry, we know we are better together. We value, respect, and protect the uniqueness each of us brings. Innovation flourishes by including all voices and makes our business—and our society—stronger. Jack Henry is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, performance management, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, education, training, social, and recreational activities to all persons regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, genetic information, pregnancy, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, and military and veteran status, or any other protected status protected by local, state or federal law.
 No one will be subject to, and Jack Henry prohibits, any form of discipline, reprisal, intimidation, or retaliation for good faith reports or complaints of incidents of discrimination of any kind, pursuing any discrimination claim, or cooperating in related investigations.
 Requests for full corporate job description may be requested through the interview process at any time. MAYINDR3
 

Our client is a venture-backed organization currently in hyper-growth mode. The firm was founded by innovative practitioners to solve the massive-scale cybersecurity challenges they saw daily while working for leading global banks and technology organizations. 
Our client is disrupting the cybersecurity operations market with innovation that gives the firm claim to being the far-and-away ONLY company capable of delivering technology to build cyber fusion centers for customers in large enterprises and the mid-market. 
Your next opportunity starts here!
About you: 

You can lead on strategic and tactical initiatives
You are hungry, inquisitive, proactive, energetic, and driven
You have a growth mindset and are committed to delivering results
You thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative environment

Why We’re Hiring
The ideal candidate is motivated designing for scale, adoption of best practices around security, continuous integration, configuration management, infrastructure as code and has a strong interest in cloud engineering and DevOps solutions. Working closely with the rest of the engineering team, you will help ensure we are building high quality systems with monitoring best practices, build and enhance automated solutions, accelerate customer value delivery, and minimize human interactions with systems. We are seeking highly collaborative, creative and intellectually curious DevOps Engineers who are passionate about forming and implementing cutting-edge cloud computing capabilities.
Come join an exciting cybersecurity product startup that just closed Series B funding round!
What You’ll Do

Work closely with development teams to integrate their projects into the production AWS environment and ensure their ongoing support once there.
Gain a deep application-level knowledge of the systems as well as contributing to their overall design.
Be a DevOps champion - work closely with other internal teams to build security, reliability, and scalability into the development lifecycle.
Dive deep into the software stack to troubleshoot as needed.
Build engineering automation and productivity tools to streamline and scale applications in the production environment.
Troubleshoot and resolve issues related to application development, deployment and operations.
Build from the ground up reliable infrastructure services in AWS to deliver highly scalable services.
Work with a team of peers who are smart, professional, pull their own weight, and share a passion for what they are creating.

Who You Are

US Citizenship is a requirement of this position in accordance with 8 U.S.C 1324b(a)(2)(C)
5+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer in the software industry.
Hands on experience on cloud services like AWS, Google cloud, azure, etc.
Experience with tools like chef, puppet, ansible, etc.
Experience with infrastructure as code tools terraform or cloud formation.
Experience with different queuing systems like rabbitmq, kafka, sqs, etc.
Ability to create infra services for both cloud as well as on premise deployment.
Basic knowledge of networking concepts like subnets, etc.
Experience with containers and orchestration tools like kubernetes.
Exposure to Linux, EC2 Security, EC2 Balances, Automation Tools, AWS CLI,S3, Cloud Watch & Cloud Trail, SSH, Docker, Git, MLAB, Jenkins, Circle CI, Nagios, Jmeter & Blazemeter are must.

Nice to have! 

Knowledge on MongoDB, Python/Django, data structure and algorithms would be added advantage.
Experience with Rundeck is a plus
Experience working in a startup or Software Company Environment

We're a lean team, so your impact will be felt immediately. If this all sounds like a good fit for you, why not join us?
You’ll love working at here because: 

We value balance. We are committed to providing an environment in which you can balance great work with a great life. You’ll have a generous PTO structure and holidays covered.
We’re not just employees. We’re people. We offer 401(k) match, insurance coverage (health, vision, and dental), and reimbursements for your home office.
We’ll invest in your career. Our company’s growing quickly, and we’ll give you the opportunity to do the same. You’ll have access to a number of professional development opportunities so that you can keep up with the company’s evolving needs.
We offer competitive compensation packages. We deeply value the talent our team brings to the table and believe that fair and equitable total compensation packages are part of our commitment to everyone who works here.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $170,000.00 - $200,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

  What we're looking for:
 Citrix Mission
 At Citrix, our Mission is to deliver an intelligent digital Citrix Workspace Experience that Empowers all Employees with Unified, Secure, and Reliable Access to all the Work Resources and Applications needed to be Productive and Do their Best Work – Anytime. Anywhere. Citrix provides Work Solutions for any Workspace Platforms and Seamless Integration Across all Apps. Citrix provides products and IT (Information Technology) solutions to collaborate work management, provides modern and consistent User experience across all devices and through application integration, workflow automation and our cloud-based technology and zero trust security, enabling our Clients and End Users with the best Enterprise Performance, Modernization, and Security!

 The World of Work is Constantly Changing and Evolving. At Citrix, we continued to Revolutionize and Build the Digital Workspace Technology that helps People and Organizations adapt to whatever comes next. Every day you'll have new opportunities to Grow and Innovate in ways that will make Work Better for Millions of People around the World. Citrix has been Ranked #11 on The Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology in 2021. Thousands of Organizations around the World Trust Citrix to keep their apps available, their data safe, and their people productive—wherever and whenever work happens.

 More than 400,000 Companies around the World, including 98 Percent of the Fortune 500, rely on Citrix Digital Workspace Solutions to provide secure, reliable access to the applications and information their employees need to engage and be productive, with over 100 Million Users Worldwide.

 Position Overview

 This Principal Software Engineer is for our Provisioning Group. In Windows App Delivery Group, you will be working with the greatest minds in the industry on cutting edge OS and application virtualization technologies and best of breed cloud development. Our engineering group is a Scrum organization that believes in empowering small teams of smart engineers to deliver end to end customer value.

 What we are looking for

 The Ideal Principal Software Engineer candidate would know windows internals, device driver, and networking in a high availability, high performance environment working on streaming protocols in large distributed systems. Experience shipping products, working with multiple teams and external partners to drive the product forward. You will possess a solid understanding of C/C++ programming at both the application and system levels, with a proven and established habit of delivering high quality architecture in a professional context. You will help lead projects and mentor Engineers.As a Principal Software Engineer, you should be highly experienced with windows kernel who possess the curiosity to continually improve and enjoy tackling challenging problems to solve some of the most complex problems in our domain.

 Role Responsibilities

 Drive the port of current product functionality from On Prem to Azure.
 Leverage C#, Net Core, C/C++ Objective Oriented Programming experience to drive architecture.
 Lead the development of new features, collaborating with other senior engineers and mentoring junior engineers.
 Triage, reproduce, diagnose, and resolve issues discovered in the product.
 Participate in code reviews and knowledge sharing.
 You will be the Technical Mentor and Coach for a team of Engineers, helping guide them on day-to-day engineering tasks while working on individual deliverables in collaboration with engineering leadership.


 Basic Qualifications

 Requires mastery level knowledge of job area typically obtained through advanced education combined with experience. May have deep knowledge of project management.
 Requires a University Degree or equivalent experience and minimum 12 years of prior relevant experience; or master’s degree with 8 years; or PhD with 5 years of experience.
 Minimum 10 + years of experience in application and system level Software Development with C#, Net, C/C++in a professional context.
 Demonstrable technical development and debugging skills with a track record of delivering high quality code.
 Demonstrated proficiency in Windows kernel development and debugging.
 Extensive knowledge of Windows Driver architecture and UEFI boot applications 
Extensive knowledge and working experience utilizing Windows Kernel drivers.
 Hands on knowledge of Kernel Drivers on more than 1 Enterprise Products.
 Extensive knowledge and working experience with asynchronous and threading models.
 Prior experience with enterprise mission critical infrastructure applications.
 Demonstrated proficiency with system designs and developments.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Cloud Services experience and design.
 Experience with performance optimization of low-level code.


 Why Work for Citrix

 Come and work with one of the most Innovative and Forward-Thinking Technology Companies on Planet Earth! You will get to work alongside some of the Brightest, Most Talented, and Passionate People in the World. As a member of team, you'll be uniquely and strategically positioned to work on cool and exciting projects that will have a direct impact for our Customers in numerous Industries, well into the Future!

 At Citrix, we want to help set you up for a successful career with us. We support Ideation, Experimentation, Innovation and Collaboration to Build Innovative IT Products and Solutions. We’re obsessed about making our Customers and End Users Happy. We are an Innovative Engine for our Colleagues, Communities, Customers and End-Users in the Digital Marketplace!

 Citrix's Pillars of Core Values are Integrity, Respect, Curiosity, Courage and Unity. The Work at Citrix is exhilarating, and that’s what makes it a whole lot of fun! Come and Work with High-Impact Teams!

 Let's Embark on this Next Great Adventure Together!

 Apply Today!

  Functional Area:  Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.
 At Citrix, our employees perform extraordinary acts of creativity and service every day. We provide benefits and rewards that meet the diverse needs of our employees by offering competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and equitable rewards opportunities for all employees. In the state of Colorado, the salary for this role generally ranges from $167,440 -$209,300 but may vary depending on your qualifications including job-related education, training, experience, licensure, and certification, that could result at a level outside of this range. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including annual bonus, sales incentives, and/or stock depending on the terms of the applicable plan and role as well as individual performance. Benefits may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Citrix and the country where you work. U.S. based employees are typically offered access to healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, 401(k) plan and company match, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), and education assistance program, among others.
   Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.

