

Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






About the team Are you passionate about building a distributed online data access platform that improves one of life’s most stressful experiences: buying, selling or renting a home? Join a small and highly effective remote-first engineering team that provides seamless data access and technology to build imaginative and innovative ways to help current and future homeowners along their journey.
   Zillow Group is reimagining the way people buy, sell, and rent homes. Used more than any other local real estate platform, Zillow’s website and mobile apps provide vetted and verified listings, plus intuitive search tools and data-driven guides to help people unlock the opportunity of living here.
  
 About the role
 Zillow embraces daunting challenges like this one, and that's why we are looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer like you to help contribute to our success. We are a technology driven group that strives to build products that delight our users. We believe in autonomy and moving fast, so self-motivation and the energy to blaze trails are a must-have for this role.
 As a developer on this team you will:

 Enjoy an outstanding work-life balance!
 Give and receive frequent feedback, promoting a transparent and collaborative environment!
 Work at one of the most highly-rated workplaces, with the resources and stability of a large company but the growth potential and innovation of a small startup!
 Participate in the implementation of web services, operational workflows, and applications that serve as the foundation of the platform for teams across Zillow.
 Love building a product that people enjoy and rely on every single day
 Value how your users (both internal and external) interact and experience the software you write
 Practice operational excellence with a dedication to outstanding, reliable, and easy-to-maintain product

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are

 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 At least six years of full-time experience and very high proficiency programming in Java, C#, Ruby, Python, or JavaScript.
 Experience building and scaling resilient backend services.
 Dedication to great engineering demonstrated through depth and breadth of knowledge
 Collaborative working style with a strong focus on execution and results.
 Curious about new technologies and possess a growth mentality.
 Experience in an iterative approach to software development combined with the drive to move fast and think big
 Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.



Schedule: Full time
  
Availability: Morning, Afternoon, Evening. 
  
Age Requirement: Must be 18 years or older
  
Location: Rochester, NY
  
Address: 1500 Brooks Ave
  
Job Posting: 04/29/2022
  
Job Posting End: 05/30/2022
  
Job ID:R0125513
   This position is remote/work from home. Candidates must be available to travel to Rochester, NY up to (4) times per year. 

The Programmer Analyst will work with the business to define requirements and design efficient solutions. You will prepare programs and process specifications that fit those requirements and to code, test, debug and install programs based on those specifications

 What will I do?

 Create and modify moderately to highly complex Web APIs, including applications/systems integration
 Creation and maintenance of automated Unit, Smoke, and Acceptance Tests
 Participate on an agile scrum team in a highly collaborative environment
 Automate and maintain Continuous Integration/Deployment pipelines


 Required Experience:


 3 or more years of programming experience
 Proficient .NET programming skills
 Experience using source control tools
 Hands on experience with relational databases


 Required Skills:

 Ability to work independently and with others as part of a team
 Knowledge of Agile Process


 At Wegmans, we believe that if we take care of our people, they’ll take care of our customers. That’s why, as part of the Wegmans family, you’ll have a package of benefits that covers your health, well-being, family and future.

 Flexibility in scheduling—work-life balance
 Employee discounts
 Premium pay on Sundays and holidays

 Comprehensive benefits* 

Quality affordable healthcare coverage 
Vision coverage 
Dental coverage (Available to Full-time only)
 Pre-tax spending accounts 
Life insurance 
Paid time off 
Employee assistance program 
Employee wellness programs 
401(k) retirement savings plan 
Wegmans retirement profit sharing plan 
Scholarship Program 
Certain eligibility requirements must be satisfied


 For 25 years in a row, our employees have put us on the FORTUNE magazine’s list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Discover what it means to work for a family owned, mission-driven, values-based company that believes in caring, respect, empowerment, high standards and making a difference in the community. Because with a family-like atmosphere of shared support, leaders who have your best interest at heart and growth as part of everything we do, Wegmans is the place for you to do what you love—and love what you do.



We are looking for Software Engineer candidates (contractor role) for our client. If you join the team, you will have the chance to work with Microsoft’s Health cloud and data team, assisting with contribution to open-source projects, and working to revolutionize healthcare for the world. You will play an important role in bringing data from high tech devices into the platform.
Benefits: 

Healthcare
Opportunities for career development and growth
Continuous development of technical skills in emerging technologies, as well as leadership skills

Main Responsibilities: 

Develop software programs of a complex nature, including operating systems, applications, and network products.
Design and perform analysis on moderately complex programs and systems.
Analyze performance bottlenecks and system failures.
Take on Primary role in smaller, lower risk projects.
Contribute to the development of processes and methodology.
Project management such as assignments and schedules.

Key Qualifications: 

Deep understanding in Objective C, Swift, IOS development, minimum 2 years’ experience required.
Previous development experience in C#, minimum 2 years’ experience required.
Familiar with Azure, Azure DevOps.
Knowledge of Googlefit, Healthkit, SMART on FHIR app, desired but not a hard requirement.
Remote work with support to PST core hours required

About Wicresoft North America 
Wicresoft is a global company with over 10,000 employees worldwide. Wicresoft North America is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington with offices across the US. Wicresoft North America is an industry leader in the telecom industry for providing comprehensive network operations and engineering services, talent acquisition solutions and technology managed services, a global Gold Microsoft partner with offices in the US and U.K.
Wicresoft is devoted to delivering equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, disability, veteran status, age, or other condition or status protected by law.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is central to our Wicresoft Community. We believe in it. We fight for it. It’s part of who we are.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

iOS development: 2 years (Preferred)
C#: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

cnect is looking for a Front-End UI developer for our software engineering team. You will be responsible for user interface development on cnect’s flagship product and core features. Main responsibilities include: delivery of quality/smart code accurately reflecting product requirements, development in mono and poly repo environments using a repository pattern, developing and maintaining cross-platform SDKs, development and maintenance on UI design system, as well as having a good eye for detail and adherence to brand marketing guidelines and providing a rich enterprise-level user experience.
Qualifications:
Proven experience as a Front-End Angular2+ developer. Experience developing desktop and/or mobile applications, familiarity with common front-end technology stacks. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (Angular12, HTML, CSS/SASS(SCSS), TypeScript, NgRx). Familiarity with cloud-based NoSQL databases (Firestore), excellent communication, and teamwork skills. Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or relevant field
Job Responsibilities:
Development, deployment, monitoring, and maintenance of quality software on a high-traffic website(s). Developing highly reusable component-based code. Team code reviews - Writing, running, and maintaining automated testing on delivered code. Communicate effectively with management around drawbacks and advantages to design decisions, and working efficiently within an agile environment
Apply Today: https://candidate.cnect.jobs/#/landing/job/LlEQENGSYsY4a9647ze9_en-US
Full-time employees are eligible for medical, vision, dental, and long-term disability benefits 60 days into full-time employment. The company covers long-term disability at 100%, contributes 50% of your medical premium (with a maximum of $250 per month), and 0% to vision and dental. In addition, you will be eligible for our retirement savings plan benefit 90 days into full-time employment. Cnect will make employer contributions to your 401(k) up to 100% of contributions on the first 3% deferred.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
As a Senior Backend Java Engineer, you willWork with cross-functional stakeholders in the business across different teams
Build core and processing components for the flagship product suite
Gain exposure to the bridge between business and blockchainLocations: US Remote, United States of America
Software Engineer, Full Stack
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Full Stack Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One.
What You’ll Do:
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in full-stack development tools and technologies
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Utilize programming languages like Java, Apache Kafka, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Python, Scala, and Container Orchestration services including Docker and Kubernetes, and a variety of AWS tools and services
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 2 years of experience in software engineering (Internship experience does not apply)
Preferred Qualifications:
3+ years of experience in at least one of the following: JavaScript, Java, TypeScript, SQL, Python, or Go
1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Microsoft Azure, or another cloud service
2+ years of experience in open source frameworks
2+ years of experience in Agile practices
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).


Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience in software development


 Job summary Our team and technology are responsible for creating hiring solutions for millions of applicants and future Amazonians that will help Amazon stay customer obsessed. We create global solutions that not only scale up in volume, but also handle the complexity of diverse workflows and country specific rules/regulations. Our team is growing rapidly at multiple locations. If you have the drive, tenacity, an entrepreneurial spirit, and most importantly the day 1 spark to take on ambiguous problems head on, in a fast-paced environment, this is the place for you! As part of our growth and expansion, we are setting up brand new teams to build end-to-end hiring solutions on Native AWS from ground up. This solution will handle all phases of hiring process from job creation, search, and application to all the way candidate day 1 experience. Key job responsibilities Design and deliver solutions for stories Write automated tests Analyze operational data to identify opportunities to improve system Keep abreast of best practices and new technologies Collaborate across teams for complex defect resolution A day in the life Attending daily stand-ups Writing tests and code Reviewing teammates' code and giving feedback Taking action on teammates feedback on you own code Meeting with stakeholders on stories Reviewing runtime metrics to monitor the system Identifying opportunities for team or system improvement Writing and updating documentation Periodic team meetings to give input on team strategy and planning About the team We are a team work to design and deliver a system that enables candidates who wants to work for Amazon find a job. We are a remote team working out of Seattle. We are very focused on ensuring that we enable a great candidate experience. Our customers are the candidates themselves who we help through the hiring process. We also work directly with the internal workforce staffing team, data scientists, and other hiring systems to ensure a great candidate experience. We find new ways to use automation to help the hiring process move faster, smoother, and smarter. 
 


Masters in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience
 Deep knowledge of object-oriented design, distributed system architecture, and various AWS technologies.
 Experience of successfully mentoring junior SDEs.
 High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired.
 History of teamwork and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done.
 Experience architecting large-scale multi-tier web applications.

 The pay range for this position in Colorado is $110K - $160k/yr however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



   Your Future Evolves Here
  



     Evolent Health has a bold mission to change the health of the nation by changing the way health care is delivered. Evolenteers make a difference wherever they are, whether it is at a medical center, in the office, or while working from home across 48 states. We empower you to work from where you work best, which makes juggling careers, families, and social lives so much easier. Through our recognition programs, we also highlight employees who live our values, give back to our communities each year, and are champions for bringing their whole selves to work each day. If you’re looking for a place where your work can be personally and professionally rewarding, don’t just join a company with a mission. Join a mission with a company behind it.
   


     Why We’re Worth the Application:
   

 We continue to grow year over year.
 Recognized as a leader in driving important 
     
      diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) efforts
     .
 Achieved a 100% score two years in a row on the 
     
      Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index
      making us a best place to work for LGBTQ+ equality.
 Named to Parity.org’s 
     
      2020 list of the best companies for women to advance
     .
 Continued to prioritize the employee experience and achieved an 87% overall engagement score on our last employee survey.
 Published an annual 
     
      DE&I report
      to share our progress on how we’re building an equitable workplace.



     What You’ll Be Doing:
   



    Who You’ll Be Working With:
  

    Risk adjustment, STARS and Quality (RASQ) Performance metrics are essential for a health plan to maintain and improve in healthcare. The RASQ Platform team at Evolent Health provides industry-leading solutions for clients in Medicare Advantage, Next Generation ACOs, ACA Exchanges, and Medicaid. If you want a part of solving one of the most interesting quantitative challenges in healthcare today, like we do, then the RASQ Platforms team is the place for you.
  


    What You’ll Do:
  

    The Software Engineer, RASQ Platforms, will be working with a highly motivated team of software engineers to develop and maintain RASQ platform capabilities.
  

 Contribute to existing codebases written in NodeJS, and MongoDB as part of a MERN stack
 Participate in product architecture, and cloud services implementations
 Pioneer future enhancements to continually improve product, including back-end, and infrastructure enhancements
 Work in an agile, collaborate environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our customers
 Create highly scalable applications taking advantage of cloud services (Azure) with high degree of performance, security, and stability
 Open to working with different technology stacks in the future, such as .NET Core.


    Preferred Experience We Look For:
  

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field, or equivalent industry experience
 Minimum 2+ years of experience developing RESTful APIs with NodeJS, Express JS, and Typescript.
 Familiarity with ReactJS within a MERN stack environment.
 Strong knowledge of the Object-Oriented concepts and design patterns.
 Experience working on GitHub/Azure Git, BitBucket or similar versioning tools
 Experience setting up or assisting DevOps engineering with CI/CD pipelines
 Work with other developers on building various functions and features. Collaborate with cross-functional team members and product owner to plan user-stories and prioritize tasks
 Ability to work remotely, multitask, prioritize, adapt to change, work well under pressure in an entrepreneurial environment, meet deadlines, and manage a project from start to finish
 Experience working with healthcare datasets including claims, encounters, eligibility, Risk Adjustment and Quality/HEDIS measures
 Knowledge of working with SQL and NoSQL databases



 Technical Requirements:
  


    Currently, Evolent employees work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19. As such, we require that all employees have the following technical capability at their home: High speed internet over 10 Mbps and, specifically for all call center employees, the ability to plug in directly to the home internet router. These at-home technical requirements are subject to change with any scheduled re-opening of our office locations.
  


    Evolent Health is committed to the safety and wellbeing of all its employees, partners and patients and complies with all applicable local, state, and federal law regarding COVID health and vaccination requirements. Evolent expects all employees to also comply. We currently require all employees who may voluntarily return to our Evolent offices to be vaccinated and invite all employees regardless of vaccination status to remain working from home. Certain jobs require face-to-face interaction with our providers and patients in client facilities or homes. Employees working in such roles will be required to meet our vaccine requirements without exception or exemption.
  


    Evolent Health is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants equally without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or disability status.
  
 Compensation Range: The minimum salary for this position is $110000, plus benefits. Salaries are determined by the skill set required for the position and commensurate with experience and may vary above and below the stated amounts.
 

 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.


  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Square in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, and save to our millions of monthly active users. We want to make the world’s relationship with money more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. This is our mission, and it’s why working at Cash App means so much more than a job.
 Today, Cash App has thousands of employees working globally across office and remote locations, with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and we’ve got offices and remote teammates across the globe. Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Cash App operates. No matter the location, we tailor our experience to ensure our employees are creative, productive, and happy.
 Check out our locations, benefits, and more at cash.app/careers to learn more!



  Job Description
   Cash App leads financial innovation and, continuing in that tradition, we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem - Taxes.
 As a founding member of this vertical and the first product web team at Cash App, the person in this role will play a lead in building the future of DIY taxes. They will be responsible for the creation of technical requirements, implementation of new systems, and integration of existing tax technology into Cash’s infrastructure for front-end engineering for Cash App.
 You will:

 Participate in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design and implement a technical front-end strategy
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Demonstrated technical initiative on previous projects
 A passion for product development and seeing results
 A knack for creating readable, pragmatic code
 An appreciation of simple, practical solutions
 Eagerness to share your ideas, and openness to those of others

 Technologies we use and teach:

 JavaScript, TypeScript, React
 Webpack, React Query, Cypress
 Java and Kotlin, with JUnit, Hibernate, and Guice
 Event-driven architecture

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


We are looking for a Senior Backend Software Engineer to join our team! Our company is a subsidiary of the Digital Currency Group, and we’re working toward a common goal of empowering a decentralized infrastructure. Our team is passionate about the future of finance and is looking for other like-minded individuals who share in this vision. While we are inclusive and diverse in workforce and style, we all agree that digital assets will change the world.
Responsibilities

Develop and maintain the infrastructure of the mining and staking operations. This includes:
API server
Back-end software for managing Bitcoin wallet and automating transactions. This software interfaces with Bitcoin Core full nodes through the RPC protocol.
Ensure strong system security to protect funds in Bitcoin wallet.
Make sure payment and statistics servers are coded correctly and operating properly.
Ubuntu Linux system administration for servers running in Amazon AWS or colocation datacenter.
Write documentation on how to maintain and troubleshoot the system.
Remain in an on-call rotation with other engineers in the team to troubleshoot critical downtime.
Work closely with product owners, project managers, other development teams, DevOps and infrastructure teams.

About You:

5+ years professional experience in software engineering, software architecture, focused on backend development.
Bachelor's Degree preferred
Passionate about technology and interested in Bitcoin, blockchain, and tech entrepreneurship
Strong understanding of web services, API, databases, I18N, Kafka, and data analysis & reporting
Interest in researching topics related to digital assets, mining, and staking
Have a working knowledge of databases and monitoring and alerting systems
Self-starter, strong problem-solving skills, and ability to meet tight deadlines
Comfortable working in agile and lean project environments
Working knowledge of Bitcoin mining and/or interest to learn development
Preferred Qualifications; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Technical skills

Very strong Java programming skills (5+ years recent professional experience). Kotlin skills a big plus.
Ubuntu Linux system administration
REST/HTTP, JSON/XML, RPC
Database Operations (SQL, NoSQL, Redis)
Cloud servers such as Amazon AWS and Digital Ocean
Experience in operating mining, staking, or running validating node efforts
Microservices architecture
Git version control

What we offer:

The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive salary and benefits
Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote

Our client provides a wide range of software solutions for customers in the Construction, Oil and Gas, and Manufacturing industries. They are looking for a Full-Stack Software Engineer to join their team! This position is a 3-6-month contract and will pay between $68 - $73 per hour. The company is based out of Houston, TX but this position is fully remote!!
Job Summary
This is a major project that our client is working on that involves an HR Integration process for one of their customers.
Skills and Experience

Must have at least 5 years of full-stack experience!
Must be able to use C# program language and operate in .NET core
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written
Proficiency in UI/UX Design

The Process
· If you are interested and qualified for this position, please APPLY NOW. If you have questions regarding the qualifications, please contact James at JHOLMES @MEADOR.COM
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $68.00 - $73.00 per hour
Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

C#: 5 years (Preferred)
.NET: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are seeking a passionate, heavy-hitting, Back-End Software Engineer to join our team. In this important role, you will join a strong and energized Agile team utilizing the latest and greatest in cutting edge technology to make a measurable impact on our organization.
The Software Engineer is a solid, positive, and innovative individual who thrives in a group with a small-team but big-ideas mentality and a lot of meaningful collaboration between engineers, product managers, and designers. Working on projects that are the lifeblood of the organization, your confidence and background in system architecture and coding in full platform build outs will allow you to thrive in a culture that supports you and your ideas.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Build robust and scalable software in a major programming language like PHP, JavaScript, Ruby, Scala, Java, GoLang, etc.
Design and create services and system architecture for your projects, and contribute and provide feedback to other team members
Help improve our code quality through writing unit tests, automation and performing code reviews
Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas to our technology, algorithms and products
Work with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and then translate that into a pragmatic and effective technical solution
Dive into difficult problems and successfully deliver results on schedule

LOCATION : 

Flexible work environment - hybrid (if near an office) or 100% remote

SKILLS AND ATTRIBUTES

A track record of projects completed on time – you are a flawless executor, not a procrastinator
Solid OOP and software design knowledge – you should know how to create software that’s extensible, reusable and meets desired architectural objectives

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE 

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline
2+ years of professional software engineering experience
2+ years of recent hands-on coding and software design
Experience with GoLang or Ruby, and the willingness to learn new technologies (experience with other object-oriented languages is okay too, but our code is Java, Ruby and GoLang, so you should be able to get up-to-speed on at least one of them quickly)
Experience with Linux/Unix and scripting languages like Python, Perl, shell scripting, etc.​

Dynata is the world’s largest first-party data platform for insights, activation and measurement. With a reach that encompasses over 62 million consumers and business professionals globally, and an extensive library of individual profile attributes collected through surveys, Dynata is the cornerstone for precise, trustworthy quality data. The company has built innovative data services and solutions around its robust first-party data offering to bring the voice of the customer to the entire marketing continuum – from strategy, innovation, and branding to advertising, measurement, and optimization. Dynata serves more than 6,000 market research, media and advertising agencies, publishers, consulting and investment firms and corporate customers in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. Learn more at www.dynata.com.
At Dynata, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. Dynata welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. We are committed to an inclusive work culture for all our employees. Accommodations by request can be made for all aspects of the selection process.
Dynata is also an affirmative action employer OE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,522.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

PHP: 2 years (Preferred)
Go: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
WHAT IS BOX?
Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.

By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 98,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud.

WHY BOX NEEDS YOU

Box is growing fast. Real fast. Every business in the world is looking to modernize the way they work. As the leader in cloud content management, Box helps enterprises transform how people work together. We have the power to help our customers upload faster, be more creative, and get work done more efficiently. Every code iteration makes an impact, and together we will change the world.

In order to transform the way people and organizations work, we need to rapidly bring to market new products and features. Box is a lot more than just file storage, syncing, and sharing. Our product offers many features to companies that enable them to trust Box with their most sensitive content and make them productive within and outside their organization. In turn, Box Engineering needs to rapidly build critical business delivering applications that can power those products and features at scale.

Our Fullstack Engineering organization is made up of many different teams that you can join. Whether you enjoy working on building new tools and APIs to help users get their work done faster, or have a passion for building out enterprise products and features that are able to handle complex use-cases in a robust and easy-to-use way, we'll help find the right team for you and what you're interested in doing. As a whole, we have big ambitions and truly value impact, as well as tackling huge problems - if this excites you, then come join us!

We're looking for engineers who are passionate about owning and driving projects end-to-end, collaborating with stakeholders across the business, and delivering a delightful experience to our customers.
OUR APPS FOUNDATION TEAM
Our Apps Foundation Team is responsible for implementing features and architectural improvements that enable other teams to build web and mobile apps efficiently.
The goal of this team is to make feature development faster and easier across teams.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Work across organizational and team boundaries in order to drive decisions that align with our future architecture, product, and business goals.
Work on significant technology initiatives from inception to successful deployment, across multiple layers of architecture.
Build platforms and services that enable our application developers to focus on building awesome products and do their best work.
Write detailed technical documentation that can convey architectural and product details in a way that can be consumed by the various application teams that use them.
Make architectural improvements as well as maintain existing functionality in the legacy codebases.
WHO YOU ARE
Passionate about solving hard problems using data-driven solutions
You like to be an owner and strive to do work you're proud of, both technically and in your team interactions
Inspire other people to work with you, and enjoy mentoring, coaching, and learning from other engineers
Understand the importance of balancing security, performance, and usability
Passionate about building delightful customer-facing experiences.
Excitement toward web architectures, spanning front-end and back-end layers
Experience decomposing monolithic applications into service oriented architectures
Deep understanding of algorithms, data structures and software design
Knowledge of any modern object-oriented or functional programming language, such as: Java, Scala, PHP, JavaScript, React Node.js, etc
2-3+ years of experience, with a Bachelors Degree (in CS) or equivalent
Remote friendly

WANT TO LEARN MORE?
Immerse yourself in the Box Platform: Create a developer account at developer.box.com
Box Engineers share on opensource.box.com
Get under the hood, comment on your favorite architecture deep-dive at tech.blog.box.com
Grab a free account and make your content more valuable: Hit us up at box.com
And check out some of the work our specific teams have done:
"Security: Access Controls and Visibility" and "Security: Governance and Compliance"
More info on Governance
For information about Box Tasks and Automations, check out the announcement and demo from BoxWorks 2018
And read more on streamlining collaborative work with Box Tasks and Automations
BENEFITS
Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting healthcare benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box
For all other benefits, please check out: Box Benefits + Perks
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, and any other protected ground of discrimination under applicable human rights legislation. Box strives to respect the dignity and ‎‎independence of people with disabilities and is committed to giving them the same ‎‎opportunity to succeed as all other employees. Accommodations are available ‎throughout ‎the application process and an employee's employment at Box.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
To promote the health and safety of all Boxers and our communities, in order to "Go to Work" at Box in the U.S., you must be Fully Vaccinated or have an approved accommodation. "Go(ing) to Work" at Box is defined as visiting a Box office, facility, or co-working site, visiting or meeting in person with fellow Boxers, Box clients and/or customers, vendors, or partners, engaging in business travel, and or participating in any Box-sponsored and/or related activity where others are present. If you are fully remote and do not "Go to Work," the vaccination requirement is not applicable. "Fully Vaccinated" means that an individual is at least two weeks past their final dose of an authorized COVID-19 vaccine regimen. If you are unable to get a vaccine due to a medical condition, a sincerely-held religious belief or another legally recognized reason, Box will consider requests for an accommodation.
For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.
Notice to applicants in San Francisco: Box, Inc and its related branches will consider for employment, qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chair Ordinance. The Fair Chance Ordinance is provided here.
Description: Boulder Heavy Industries (BHI) is seeking a Senior Back-End Software Engineer (Python/TypeScript) to join our engineering team. Your role is important as your expertise will push our application and team forward. Our growing SaaS platform provides advertising technology to everyday folks for a variety of companies. Your work will drive engagement through ecommerce and will be a key component on which major well-known brands rely. Your work will also be seen across major social networks. With BHI, you are not a number, your work & personality will have a clear impact on our team and customers. (www.mylocalhero.co)You will be joining a small but talented team who likes to have fun but takes their engineering work seriously. Yes, we are looking for a senior level engineer, but we don’t expect you to know everything all the time. Great coding is about always pushing forward and growing as an individual. Your experience, adaptability, and collaboration will be rewarded with great culture and a team that respects your hard work. Would you like to put all your skills to use? Your new role is about business, culture, and engineering – bring it.Remote Role: If you do not live in our beautiful state of Colorado, we are open to 100% remote candidates in most states.Boulder Heavy Industries is a collective of marketing companies born from a shared commitment to pushing the boundaries of modern growth strategies. Housed under one roof, the businesses at BHI service startup, growth-stage and enterprise-level brands.The ideal candidate: 

Minimum 4 years proven experience as a senior back-end engineer using Python & Flask
Minimum 3 years proven experience with TypeScript, JavaScript & NodeJS
Minimum 4 years proven experience in designing, implementing, debugging, and testing software applications.
Minimum 3 years proven experience with SQL and NoSQL databases
Proficiency in software architecture, coding patterns, coding best practices & conducting code reviews
Working knowledge of AWS, mainly services such as SQS, CodeBuild, ECS, Lambda & others
Working knowledge of Linux, bash, shell scripting and background task management
Working knowledge of RESTful interfaces
Familiarity with Agile/SCRUM working environment
Reliable and self-directed, you know what needs to get done
Willingness to mentor & help junior to mid-level engineers
Strong communication & collaboration skills

A day in the life: 

You’ll have focus time during the day to sink your mind into your coding work.
You’ll attend a stand-up meeting to provide updates and inform of any blockers that may disrupt your work.
You’ll engage in a productive conversation regarding a coding methodology and explain the reasoning behind a decision in the business logic.
You’ll hotfix a bug and receive kudos from multiple teams.
You’ll speak up at a “retrospective” where we learn from our sprints and talk about issues that we might improve all while cracking a few jokes.
While eating dinner, it’ll occur to you that you need to add another 2 methods to that interface from this afternoon.

. Requirements: Here's what you need to get our attention: 

You enjoy challenging work – great software is not easy and you’re hungry for a serious win.
You have an approachable yet professional personality, you communicate well and can articulate a point within a complex issue.
You can discuss your experiences as senior level engineer.
You have experience providing guidance and/or leadership to other engineers.
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering or related degree – or equivalent work experience: If you have a four-year degree, that’s great; we care more about your past experience and ability to do the job, so please apply even if you don’t have a degree.

Here's what will make us call you for sure, but you don’t need all of these: 

Proficiency in developing, maintaining and deploying SaaS applications
Experience with front-end development using React or other front-end frameworks
Experience with software architecture, performance, and optimization
Business, startup, or entrepreneurial experience
Experience with Go (Golang)
Experience using Kubernetes and/or Docker
High-level experience with user authentication and security
Working knowledge and routine usage of Atlassian Jira & Confluence
Entrepreneurial/Start-up mindset or understanding and exposure to business

And if we haven't convinced you yet, here is why you'll want to be part of our team: We aren't just in the most beautiful city in the world (in our humble opinion), but a place where fun isn’t a 4-letter word:

We have top-notch engineering culture with team members who have your back!
100% remote or you may come into our beautiful offices if you’re near Boulder, CO (our in-house happy hours are always fun).
Time off is as important as hard work! Salaried employees are on a Flex PTO plan and hourly employees receive a standard 15 days of PTO, with increasing accruals the longer they stay with us.
Generous holidays including a reduced schedule between Christmas and New Year’s.
We make sure our team is well cared for with strong health plans - We even cover our employees' dental and vision premiums!
Access to Flexible Spending Accounts Plan
Matching traditional and Roth 401k
Employee Assistance Program
Supplemental leave: self-care and family first!
4-week paid sabbatical after 10 years of service
Life Insurance
Travel Assistance and more
Dogs are welcome

Salary range: $135K-$145K DOECOME AS YOU ARE: your gender, your gods, your sex life, your skin color or your big shot uncle don't make a difference here. BHI, LLC is a progressive and open-minded meritocracy. If you're smart and good at what you do, come as you are.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Piper Companies is seeking a qualified Senior Frontend Engineer to join a great team with a growing computer and network security company on a REMOTE basis. The Senior Frontend Engineer will be tasked with bridging the gap between design and development and collaborating with multiple teams to bring products to life. This role plays a critical role in taking the platform to the next phase in its evolution.
Responsibilities of the Senior Frontend Engineer:
Proactively contribute ideas for new features, as well as identify areas for improvement
Design, test, and deploy new web services and customer-facing interfaces
Design internal tools to be used in the support, sales, customer success, and operations
Develop and implement automated tests to ensure the quality and ongoing reliability
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support engineering projects
Proactively participate in and improve our development process (CI/CD, backlog refinement, code reviews, monitoring)
Own entire feature sets: definition, design, and development
Assist in building the core frontend infrastructure for our engineering team
Qualifications of the Senior Frontend Engineer:
5+ years of industry experience as a Frontend or Full Stack developer
Expert in JavaScript, CSS, HTML, React and Redux
Strong in Node.js and Express.js
Experience in data visualization (D3)
Experience with the latest frontend skills, such as Accessibility, Flexbox, ES6, WebSockets, etc.
Experience with responsive and reactive design
Ability to convert a design document into a working user interface
Knowledge of APIs and relational database systems
Compensation for the Senior Frontend Engineer:
$100-160,000
Excellent compensation package: healthcare, dental, vision, life insurance, 401k, and equity in the company
6 weeks PTO (3 weeks company stand down)
Keywords: Frontend, Front-end, Full Stack, data visualization, user interface, UI, UX, full stack, Javascript, HTML, CSS, React, Reactjs, Redux, Node.js, Typescript, Python, GraphQL, D3 and/or popular charting packages, APIS, equity, start up, start-up, cyber security, network securityFound is a modern weight care platform and community focused on integrated support. According to a recent CDC study, nearly 50% of Americans want to lose weight, and on average, Americans have gained 30 lbs during the pandemic. But the existing weight loss industry focuses on shame - if you don't have the willpower to eat less and workout more, you aren't trying hard enough.

Modern science shows us that weight care is complex - food and movement are important, but so are hormones, genetics, sleep, stress, mental health, and daily habits. Found's unique approach incorporates personalized coaching, an online community, and if indicated, medical and prescription solutions.

Research shows that addressing weight health reduces the long-term risk of diabetes, heart disease, and some forms of cancer. We believe in giving our community tools that will help them add years to their lives and reach their goals. We believe it's not just what you've lost, it's what you've Found. Found has raised more than $130mm from leading investors, including Atomic, GV, WestCap, IVP, TCG, Define Ventures and more.
The Opportunity

We are looking for a few exceptional software engineers to help us build out our mobile application experience that drives the foundation of the Found program.


What You'll Do

Work with design and product to build a first class mobile experience that combines the best aspects of telehealth, health coaching, and social networks
Be part of the first few mobile hires at Found with the ability to own massive swaths of our mobile app which is core to our success
Help build and contribute to a high-performance engineering culture

What You Have

Professional software engineering experience developing mobile applications
Familiarity and passion for working with React Native
Passion for working in a rapidly growing business with curiosity, humility, humor, and professionalism
Experience working cross-functionally with other engineers, product managers, and designers
A team oriented personality, bias to action, excellent communication skills
A strong work ethic and the desire to work at an early stage startup
A desire to improve yourself and be a positive influence on those around you
An instinctive desire to write quality code, the humility to understand and improve existing code, and the judgment to make tradeoffs between elegance and efficiency

Bonus Points

Previous experience building health/wellness or social/community based applications
Previous experience working on applications with 100k+ MAUs
Full stack experience working with Node.js
What You'll Get
Competitive compensation
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
PTO, company-paid holidays, parental leave
401K, wellness and wifi perks
Flexible, remote-first work culture

Found is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We seek and celebrate diversity in its many forms. If you're excited about this opportunity but do not meet 100% of the qualifications, we encourage you to apply.

Please review our CCPA policies.
WHO WE ARE
Tealium is the most trusted and world’s largest independent customer data platform. Tealium connects customer data – spanning web, mobile, offline, and IoT devices — so brands can connect with their customers. Tealium’s turnkey integration ecosystem supports more than 1,300 client-side and server-side vendors and technologies, empowering brands to create a unified, real-time customer data infrastructure.
Tealium’s customer data solutions encompass tag management, an API hub, a customer data platform with machine learning and AI, and data management solutions that make customer data more valuable, actionable, and secure. Tealium has been a trusted provider of customer data solutions for more than a decade, and more than 850 top businesses worldwide including Microsoft, Hyatt, Gap, HSBC and Novartis rely on Tealium to power their customer data strategies.
Team Tealium works and lives across the U.S. and in nearly 20 countries across the world. We are intentional about our culture, our investment in our team members and how we care and connect.
Tealium = Teal + Helium. Teal: a vibrant reflection that evokes authenticity, trustworthiness, reliability, open communication and clarity of thought. Helium: we rise above, a kinetic force that elevates our customers’ and our experiences beyond all others.
We win together with respect and appreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people who contribute to each of these.
*WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: *
The Mid-Level Java Software Engineer position will be responsible for designing and implementing software solutions aimed at solving real-time, customer data delivery challenges. Through seamless inbound and outbound connectors with major digital marketing vendors, Tealium's UDH allows our customers to take action on their visitors in real-time based on behavior. This lets them maximize the value from each visitor by creating personalized content and product offers, as well as highly targeted re-marketing campaigns.We are open to remote candidates.
*YOUR DAY TO DAY: *
Working closely with other software engineers, architects, operations engineers, and product managers. Participating in our Agile/SCRUM process. Creating designs to support short, iterative delivery cycles. Contributing to architectural design decisions. Participating in operational related discussions. Contributing to test plans. Conducting and participating in group code reviews, ensuring high-quality coding standards across the team. Designing maintainable, testable code with high test coverage requirements. Adding integration and acceptance test coverage to new features. Evaluating and investigating alternatives to existing solutions, proposing new designs and technologies.
*WHY YOU ARE THE PERFECT FIT: *
*BS, MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline.

3+ years Java development experience.
Strong knowledge of modern software engineering principles, patterns and best-practices
Understanding of micro-services architectures.
Experience designing and supporting high traffic, highly available systems.
Strong communication skills. The ability to effectively explain technical concepts to team members, architects and team leads.
Extensive experience deploying software to a cloud platform environment. AWS, GCP, and Azure
Understanding of modern Dev-Ops concepts. Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless, Terraform.
Experience with NoSQL, as well as relational data stores. DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, Mysql, RedshiftDB, Redis, Cassandra, Snowflake, etc.
Experience with distributed messaging and streaming technologies, RabbitMQ, Kinesis, Kafka.
Some exposure to Hadoop, Hive, Spark, PrestoDB.
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision.

At Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary:

Tealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at Tealium
Mosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countries
Tealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annually
Tealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environment
Tealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants
Tealium Time, unlimited paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidays
Healium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellness
Healium Be-Well Break, an annual all-company paid shutdown to provide a true break for us all
Tealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programs
Health and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programs

Collectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences, heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form the mosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.
The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity.
#LI-Remote

Offerings vary by level and location.

Job Type: Full-time

Must reside in USA
Must be able to work without any sponsorship.
Must have
required

Software engineering using JavaScript (REACT)/HTML/CSS3 (4+ years)
4+ years experience in any of the following:
with Relational Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL or equivalent)
Production experience with AWS or GCP
Cloud-based environment
Agile development
REST API's / Backend services integrations

Responsibilities include
*

: 1. Responsible for development of highly-responsive, web-based user interface
2. Understand the pitfalls of displaying vast amounts of data and how to work around them
3. Work and collaborate with the rest of the Engineering team
4. Work collaboratively with the Product team including Product Managers and Designers
5. Solid understanding of user interactions
6. Develop a flexible and well-structured frontend architecture, along with the APIs to support it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Front-end development: 4 years (Preferred)
REST API's / Backend services integrations: 4 years (Preferred)
Angular: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits
We’re looking for full-stack developers with a strong mix of back-end and front-end skills to join our team. This is a full-time position, with slots available for junior, intermediate, and senior level talent.
As part of our team, you’ll be involved in all facets of the software development lifecycle, including R&D, brainstorming/planning, feature implementations, squashing bugs, and maintaining code repositories. We are looking for a self-starter who excels under minimal supervision, and can bring value to our team early on.
Responsibilities and Duties

Develop both front-end and back-end architectures
Design and develop APIs (internal and external)
Collaborate with our creative team in bringing their prototypes to life
Improve upon existing code bases
Talk with stakeholders about the projects you work on
Create documentation on the code you create
Occasional weekend 911 calls (very rare)
Assist/Mentor junior developers (if senior)

Our Go-To Tech Stack:

Laravel
Vue
AWS
PostgreSQL/MySQL
Redis
Git
Segment

Requirements

Strongproblem-solving skills
Ability to write SOLID and DRY code
Passion for staying up to date with the latest design patterns and technologies
Strong understanding of multiple design patterns (such as Object Oriented, Functional, Declarative/Imperative, MVC, SPA)
Familiar with working with databases with both ORMs and raw queries
Identifying performance bottlenecks (front-end and back-end)
Proficiency with fundamental front-end languages (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)
Proficiency in modern JavaScript frameworks such as Vue
Ability to balance code quality and organization standards with project timelines

An ideal candidate would have recent experience with any or all of the following:

The digital marketing industry
Laravel, Vue
Event Sourcing
React Native
Svelte, TailwindCSS
CI/CD pipelines
Managing AWS infrastructure
BI / Reporting suites (such as Databox)
JAMstack and Serverless design patterns
Optimizing website lighthouse scores
SEO and/or user tracking tools like Google Analytics and Segment
Shopify Liquid

Perks
You’re obviously a top-notch developer with plenty of options. You are probably wondering, what’s in it for me?

Flexible work schedule - We want you coding when you are at your best. You will be expected to be available during traditional business hours, but aside from that, when you code is up to you.
Room to grow - You will be coming onboard at a great time. Cape & Bay has experienced major growth in the last few years—so much so that we are looking for larger office space to accommodate our rapidly growing team.
Competitive compensation - We offer solid wages, great healthcare options and strive to empower our staff to push further. Continued educationopportunities are available at every turn, with enrichment programs to boot.

Cape & Bay is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Your Right to Work: In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Education:

High school or equivalent (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 2 years (Preferred)
PHP: 2 years (Preferred)
MVC: 2 years (Preferred)
Laravel: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Senior Software Engineer (Windows Graphics Rendering)
Required Skills

C/C++ SW development
Experience with the Windows graphics rendering pipeline
GPU programming with DirectX, Vulkan, CUDA, Direct Compute, OpenGL, or OpenCL
Significant experience with DirectShow, DirectDraw, Microsoft Media Foundation, Windows Composition API, HLSL, or Win2D
Knowledge of real-time stream solutions (e.g. RTP)

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $84,522.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

C/C++ SW development: 6 years (Preferred)
Windows graphics: 6 years (Preferred)
Win2D and CUDA: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Software Architect for a world leading technology organization. The Software Architect will be responsible for the overall architecture of a go to market software and cloud based solution. An ideal candidate for the Software Architect will have earlier career experience as a software developer working into a software architecture role.

 Responsibilities for the Software Architect include: 

 Provide overall technical leadership and architectural guidance to multiple Agile teams
 Design and implement scalable architectural software and cloud based solutions 
 Write and provide clear documentation of the architecture 
 Research new technologies and make technology decisions

 
Requirements for the Software Architect include: 

 Proven software architecture experience architecting cloud native enterprise scalable solutions
 Previous professional java development experience and understanding of OO best practices
 Strong understanding of microservices architecture and data security best practices
 Experience with Azure or AWS 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering preferred or relevant work experience

 
Compensation of the Software Architect: $170,000 - $225,000 plus a comprehensive benefits package

 
 

 No relocation assistance, sponsorship, or C2C arrangements available

 
Keywords: Software Architect, Sr. Software Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Java Developer, Sr. Java Engineer, Sr. Full Stack Developer, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REACT, Angular, REST, Microservices, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Arlington, Virginia, Washington DC





We are looking for experienced Dynamics 365 Business Central / Dynamics NAV (Navision) Senior Software Developers. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available. Work Remotely or out of one of our east coast offices.
 Candidates should have extensive experience with implementation and customer support of Accounting, Distribution and Manufacturing software at U.S. based companies. They must be resourceful, knowledgeable, dedicated, energetic and professional. They should be able to deliver outstanding results, exceed expectations, meet deadlines, and ensure that our customers are extremely satisfied.
 We are a leading provider of turn-key business management software solutions and related services (www.abcsi.com). With very experienced, knowledgeable, dedicated, and professional consultants and software developers, and with a proven implementation methodology, we help our customers to increase productivity, efficiency, market share, customer satisfaction, sales, and profits.
 Details about our offerings can be found here: https://conta.cc/3j6bv8n. With offices in New York, New Jersey, and Florida, we provide implementation and customer support services to small and midsize companies in the United States. As a Microsoft Authorized Business Partner we implement state-of-the-art business software, and are committed to Quality, Service and Customer Satisfaction.
 Key Responsibilities

Participate in ERP Software implementation projects for new and current customers.
You will be in charge of customizing the software as per each customer’s requirements. Responsibilities include writing specifications, programming, testing, consulting, analysis, data conversion, processing upgrades and providing customer support.
Analyze and document business requirements, and conduct fit gap analysis studies.
Work in a dynamic, challenging, and fast paced environment.
Work well as part of the implementation team dedicated to delivering quality results on time and within budget, and exceed customers’ expectations.

Requirements

Strong presentation, communication, administration, and interpersonal skills.
Minimum of three years of Microsoft Dynamics Software Development Experience.
Strong understanding of ERP software and related terminology, functionality, best practices, processes, and business rules. Including areas such as Inventory & Warehouse Management, Costing, Financials, Manufacturing, Service, Purchasing, Sales, CRM, and Fixed Assets.
Must be dedicated, ethical, organized, professional, and a true team player.
Applicants must possess a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree.
Must be a United States citizen or permanent resident (green card holder).
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
Experience with SSRS, SQL Server, Office 365, SharePoint, EDI, Azure, and Power BI is a big plus.
Accounting background with a solid grasp of general accounting principles is required.
Candidate needs to be a self-starter and should be able to work independently for the majority of their tasks with little help/guidance from their manager.
Occasional travel may be required.




Very Competitive Salary and Bonuses. Health & Dental Insurance. 401K with Company Contributions. Pleasant and Professional Work Environment. Outstanding Growth Opportunities. Competitive Hourly Rates for Subcontractors. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. No Recruiters Please.
 All resumes must be in PDF format.


Who We are

BairesDev is proud to be the fastest-growing company in America. With people in five continents and world-class clients, we are only as strong as the multicultural teams at the heart of our business. To consistently deliver the highest quality solutions to our clients, we only hire the Top 1% of the best talents and nurture their professional growth on exciting projects.
Email Marketing Specialist at BairesDev
We are looking for Email Marketing Specialists to join our company. As part of this team, you will coordinate and execute the development and publishing of email campaigns, executing all email promotion set-up and trouble-shooting and potential issues.
This is an excellent opportunity for those professionals looking to develop in one of the fastest-growing companies in the industry!
What You’ll Do:
Build email lists, create emails, and foster leads through written communications.Work with email automation software, sending mass emails.Focus on executing segmentation, delivering specific messages to select audiences based on behavior.Monitoring and analysis of the campaign's results.Secure email databases for future campaigns.
Here’s what we are looking for:
2+ years of software development experience demonstrating basic programming skills, application analysis, and testing.Proficiency in implementing email programs within ESP tool limitations.Experience with Bootstrap, Foundation, or similar systems.Experience working w/ build tools.Familiar with responsive web development for multi-touch devices.Working experience with Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch.Advance English Level.
How we do make your work (and your life) easier:
100% remote work.Hardware setup for you to work from home.
- Flexible hours - make your schedule.
Paid parental leave, vacation & holidays.Diverse and multicultural work environment.An innovative environment with the structure and resources of a leading multinational.Excellent compensation — well above the market average.Here you can grow at the speed of your learning curve.
Our people work remotely but with a consistent and robust culture that promotes diversity and teamwork. To continue being the leading software development company in Latin America, we want to ensure that every BairesDev member gets the best growth and professional development opportunities in a diverse, welcoming, and innovative environment.

Every BairesDev team member brings something unique to our company.
We want to hear your story. Apply now!
We are looking for our Direct Client Full Time Hire for “Azure Developer / Analyst”– Full Time – Remote
Kindly go through the below job description and fill up the below skill matrix and the candidate information and reply me along with your Updated Resume.
Job Description: 
Responsibilities: 

Maintain data in the Azure SQL Server environment, ensuring data integrity, security, and intuitive organization
Develop and maintain Azure Data Factory integration processes and Data Lake structures
Deploy simple to complex data sets to be presented via Power BI, Excel, SSRS, or other BI presentation software and ensure expected performance and accuracy levels are achieved
Create unit test plans and identify opportunities to improve and/or automate testing process, especially regression testing for existing/new structures and processes
Assist in development of database architecture under the guidance of an Azure Solutions Architect

Qualifications: 

At least minimum 2+ Years of experience in Azure Data factory, Azure data factory pipelines
At least minimum 2+ years of experience in developing Azure Data Factory integration processes and Data Lake structures 
At least minimum 2+ years of experience in T-SQL or SQL 
Experience with writing database queries, stored procedures, views, tables, and DDL
DATA Integrity, Data security

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Data Factory: 2 years (Preferred)
Data Factory Pipeline: 2 years (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

BlueTread Is Building the Future
Who We AreBlueTread was born in 2014 out of a passion for solving problems. Though based in southwest Florida, we employ people from around the world. The BlueTread team is highly skilled, passionate, and innovative, and is in the business of providing trusted software programming and analysis expertise to solve problems, so other people can more effectively operate and enjoy their business.
At BlueTread we understand software needs to change and our agile process helps us respond and deliver the right solution. Running EOS, we focus on web and mobile applications and system integrations through a full-cycle development process, from requirements definition and specification, architecture design, coding, testing, and validation to product maintenance and support.
﻿Who You AreDo you love creative problem-solving? Do you work well with a team? Are you organized and able to see both the big picture and the details? Are you a life-long learner? Do you love creating great mobile experiences? Are you always curious about new features being added to the apps that you use? Are you passionate about getting the structure right when you’re building an app to allow it to be maintainable?
We’re looking for a top-quality React Native developer-driven to build great experiences and work with a team to bring them to life. They will have to work with graphic designers and the product team. The candidate will be required to create a flexible and well-structured front-end architecture along with APIs to support it. The React Native developer will work on user interfaces that connect customers with backend business systems.
The senior mobile developer will collaborate with the product owners, designers, and api team to create a react native application targeting iOS and Android. This will include architecting, developing, and writing tests for the application.
If you’re looking to be part of a fast-paced team that is proactive in how we solve problems and ways of improving, then join our team.
Responsibilities· Coordinate with development teams and designers to develop web applications that run on numerous platforms
· Using React Native, design and develop user interface components for JavaScript-based online and mobile apps.
· Troubleshoot issues and improve front-end performance
· Write reusable, effective, as well as scalable JavaScript code and create interchangeable front-end modules
· Understand clients’ needs to build apps. in stipulated time/budget
· Make use of additional JavaScript libraries such as Redux to make asynchronous API calls as well as improve the performance of the websites/mobile apps.
· Plan the data and presentation layer of the applications’ front-end
Required Skills· Bachelor’s/Master’s Degree in Computer Science/IT and or 3+ years of industry experience
· Familiarity with JavaScript
· Strong knowledge of HTML and CSS
· In-depth knowledge of React.js and its fundamentals
· Knowledge of UI/UX designs and wireframes
· Hands-on experience with React tools like Webpack, Enzyme, React.js, Flux, and Redux
Preferred Skills· Swift Development ExperienceFamiliarity with consuming REST APIs
· Knowledge of security best practices with mobile
· Understanding of modern ECMAScript
· Knowledge of data structure libraries like Immutable.js
· Experience with source-code management systems like Git
· Good troubleshooting skills
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Remote work.
Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Preferred)
React Native: 3 years (Preferred)
Swift: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Must-Have’s: 

Deep experience of infrastructure automation/configuration management using Ansible, Terraform
Hands-on experience on AWS Core Services – Compute, Storage, Networks, Loadbalancer, DNS, Database
Hands-on DevOps experience: build and deployment of enterprise Java applications
Ability to build, automate and support Windows and Linux workloads.

Job Description: 

Design and Implement Infrastructure automation on AWS using Terraform and configuration management using Ansible
Build and Manage large scale infrastructure on AWS using automation
Review and enhance existing DevOps CI/CD Pipelines
Understanding of version control systems like Git, including branching and merging strategies
Knowledge of what is continuous delivery and integration tools like Jenkins, Github
Knowledge developing code using Ruby or Python and Java or PHP
Knowledge writing Unix Shell (bash, ksh) scripts
Experience and willingness to keep learning in a Linux environment
Ability to provide after-hours support as needed for emergency or urgent situations

Nice to have’s: 

Proficient with container based products like docker and Kubernetes
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written)
Able to work in a team and be a team player
Knowledge of PHP, MySQL, Apache and other open source software
BA/BS in computer science or similar

Job Type: Contract
Salary: $80.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

overall: 10 years (Required)
Kubernetes: 3 years (Preferred)
python: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS: 5 years (Required)
Terraform: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote









Location: Remote Latin American
Team: Customer Interactive Services
Work Type: Full Time



          Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “
          Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.
         


 Conocimientos y experiencia con:
         

           Clean Architecture en Android.
         

           Principios S.O.L.I.D.
         

           Kotlin.
         

           Kotlin Coroutines.
         

           Unit Test.
         

           Modularización de aplicaciones.
         

           Cobertura de código y tipos de cobertura.
         

           Herramientas para realizar análisis estático de código.
         

           AppDistribution.
         

           Gradle.
         

           Uso de MockServer.
         

           Distribución PlayStore.
         

           Técnicas de refactorización (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Integración (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Punto a Punto (Opcional).
         

           Uso de TDD (Opcional)
         

           Patrones de presentación MVP, MVVM o MVI (de preferencia MVI)
         

           Flujos Git.
         






          Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
         










This will be a developing job with documentation composition software.
Responsible to design and develop different documents and business forms using OpenText Exstream.
Work with Client managers and leads, provide status updates
Apply styles and images to document design
Understanding of different input, output file formats, and Print file formats(PDF, AFP, etc).
Perform unit testing of templates/documents
Use output comparison tools to compare different outputs
4+ years of Experience with CCM document composition tools like OpenText Exstream
4+ yrs Experience with OpenText Exstream Advanced Template Designer, Design Manager, and Command Centre
Excellent XML and JSON schema understanding
Good understanding of API calls.Job scheduler and application workflows KnowledgeExperience with any Mainframe/Unix/Windows platformsExperience with JavaScript and VB Script is a plusKnowledge of document development lifecycleGood Verbal/Written Communication
C# or Doc1 Developer
Will be working with documentation composition software to develop external communication documentation. Determines specifications, then plans, designs, and develops the most complex and business-critical software solutions, utilizing appropriate software engineering processes either individually or as part of a project team. Provide design recommendations based on long-term IT organization strategy. Develop enterprise-level applications and custom integration solutions. Provide expertise regarding the integration of applications across the business. Develop programming and development standards. Act as an internal consultant, advocate, mentor, and change agent.Must be able to understand:
Data StructuresIncluded but not limited to:Flat File Vs Delimited FilesHard Kill Vs. Single Record FilesData Validation/IntegrityClean DataData SetWork FlowsCrystal ReportingDrag and Drop environmentsGUIExplain an Array
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $50.00 - $55.00 per hour
Schedule:

Day shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

Colorado Springs, CO 80904: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote



The Sr. C# Software Engineer will have experience in C#, MS Sql Server, and .NET. They are part of a team responsible for providing highly performant data storage, access, and interfaces for a wide variety of front-end and utility applications, while encapsulating the complex user hierarchy, permissions, and sharing structures of the data to enable the application layers to focus on delivering targeted, industry leading solutions to a diverse and growing number of stakeholders.As a senior member they also bring Also Energy development experience to the position.
 This position will help streamline and enhance our cutting-edge SaaS-delivered software platform, including services, APIs and databases. Regular collaboration between product owners, and other developers in the application teams will occur in order to gain understanding of new features, dependencies, and technical details.
 Responsibilities:

 Relied on to solve problems, build and test models and ensure code changes meet business requirements and fulfill user needs.
 Play a key role in fueling significant changes to our platform and company.
 Maintain and extend server-side infrastructure software to manage, process, and expose energy and financial data through our web APIs
 Develop and deploy high-volume, enterprise-level, services and utilities to support both native and web-based applications
 Support and assist migration of legacy software to newer .NET Core framework architecture
 Learn and contribute to a unique, growing code-base with out-of-the-box, creative solutions using logic and problem-solving skills
 Other duties as assigned.

 Requirements:

 1+ year experience in Also Energy platforms
 3-5 years experience in C#
 Some familiarity with .NET framework, .NET Core, MS Sql Server, SQL CLR, WPF, C++, XAML
 Functional understanding of databases, sockets, HTTP, FTP, RESTful and SOAP APIs
 Version control tools such as git or svn
 Documentation of product enhancements and bug fixes
 Ability to take initiative and the road less travelled, understand the big picture, compromise, look forward, anticipate problems, and assess risk
 Demonstration of technical problem-solving abilities
 Highly organized, solutions driven, detail oriented, and able to work autonomously with minimal direction from high level requirements and managers
 Effective communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills
 Ability to brainstorm with other team members and leverage constructive feedback
 Enthusiastic about learning new things and taking on new challenges

 Work Environment:

 Office Setting, primarily in cubicles
 Moderate to high noise levels (i.e. business office with computers, phone, printers, moderate traffic)
 Ability to sit or stand (standing desk provide upon request) at a computer terminal for an extended period


 Physical Demands:

 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate (talk/sign/type/write) and operate a computer, telephone (or alternative), keyboard (or typing device), etc.
 Regular, predictable attendance is required
 Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision requirements due to computer work.

 Other Details:
 AlsoEnergy offers a competitive salary and a full list of benefits. The benefit offerings include full health benefits on the first on the month following employment (5 medical plan options-HDHP and PPO, 2 dental plans, FSA/HSA-with employer contribution, employer paid vision/LTD/STD/Life, variety of voluntary coverage), 401k (pre- or post-tax) with match after 90 days of employment, 10 paid calendar holidays per year, 2 floating holidays per year, and 3 weeks of PTO per year that begins accruing day one.
 Our bonus structure is designed to encourage collaboration across the company by creating common goals. We set revenue targets per quarter and as the team achieves those targets, employees receive a percent of their salary paid out the month after quarter close. The revenue targets are ratcheted so for partial achievement, there is partial payment.
 All AlsoEnergy employees participate in the Stem (our parent company) Long Term Incentive plan. This plan provides every employee with Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). These RSUs will be awarded within the first month of employment and vest 25% each year on your anniversary for 4 years. This is our employee’s opportunity to join in the success of the company.
 You will work in a growing, profitable company with a fun and creative environment with a talented group of individuals that have a passion for building renewable energy systems.
 This is a salaried exempt position, M-F, with additional weekend work as required.
 Salary Range: $105,000.00 - $140,000.00/annually
 This position can be remote or in Boulder, CO. Relocation assistance is available.
 COVID Notice: In office employees (full time and periodically) must have the COVID-19 vaccine or be willing to get the vaccine once they start. The company will provide paid time to schedule and make vaccine appointments.
 We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.



OverviewTrellis is a full-service eCommerce agency with a single mission: make commerce simple. We help growth-focused companies succeed through strategy, design, development, and performance-based marketing services. As an award-winning, remote-first organization with headquarters in Boston, we’ve had the pleasure of helping some amazing brands succeed in the world of eCommerce and across industries such as apparel, beauty, manufacturing, sports, and many more.As a client services company, Project Management is the backbone of our organization. Our Magento Project Managers are at the frontlines of helping our clients, organizing our teams, and keeping our projects on track. In addition to ensuring “the job gets done,” they have an opportunity to create an excellent experience for our clients and colleagues alike through their leadership and communication.We’re looking for individuals who thrive in dynamic environments, embrace processes and organization, are detail-oriented, and enjoy using data to inform their decision-making.Core ResponsibilitiesBelow are some of the core responsibilities our Project Managers have:

Communicating with clients regularly regarding their business requirements, project statuses, and general coordination.
Managing tasks within JIRA to ensure project deliverables are on track.
Planning company resources and coordinating priorities with other team members.
Facilitating timesheet reviews and assisting in the client billing process.
Providing clients with progress reports and escalating any concerns to the client services team.
Ensuring project budgets and timelines meet client expectations.

Relevant ExperienceBelow are some of the relevant experiences that would make someone a good fit for this role:

Experience with Magento is required. Shopify, WordPress, and/or content management systems are strongly preferred.
Experience working in an agency or client services environment in a client-facing role, managing multiple simultaneous projects.
History using JIRA or similar Project Management toolset.
Interest in following and developing standardized processes.
Comfort with tracking and measuring performance using quantitative goals.

CertificationsSuccess as a Project Manager at Trellis requires a mastery of JIRA and e-commerce platforms. As such, we’re looking for candidates who either already has or could obtain their “ACP-620 Managing Jira Cloud Projects” certification within the first four months of their time at Trellis. Given the importance we place on this, we cover all costs related to training and the certification as well as offer a bonus upon obtaining the certification.Our ToolboxBelow are some of the tools that our Project Managers use regularly:

Magento
Shopify
BigCommerce
JIRA
Confluence
Slack
Google Sheets, Docs, and Slides
Airtable
Tempo
Tettra
Zoom
CloudApp

Working at TrellisTrellis is a fast-growing, self-funded eCommerce agency with headquarters just outside of Boston. We’re a remote-first organization with over 2/3 of our team distributed across the US and internationally. Work/life balance is a priority with a range of benefits to our employees, including:

Medical, Vision, and Dental Insurance
Company-Paid Laptop and Home Office Equipment
13 Days Paid Holiday
15 Days Flexible PTO + Earned Seniority
25 Days Additional PTO for Parental Leave
401K with Employer Matching
Donation Matching Program
Education and Professional Development Bonuses
Performance-Based Bonuses

We structure our teams into ‘Squads,’ providing an opportunity to build deep connections with colleagues and longer-term relationships with clients. We aim to provide an inclusive environment that encourages a diverse group of voices to contribute to our company. This inclusion is often in the form of employee-led “Lunch & Learns,” employee-driven special interest groups, paired mentorship, and transparent career advancement policies. All of these initiatives stem from Trellis Core Principles:

Be a Source of Honesty:  Communicate transparently and act honestly with our clients, teammates, and community.
Engage with Problem Solvers: Recruit and retain high-quality creative and technical employees that love solving problems and are empowered to do fantastic work.
Support Growth:  Encourage and support the growth of our clients and teammates, even when we’ve made mistakes.
Demonstrate through Results:  Use results as the ultimate way to sell our ideas and capabilities.

kiXn8jaJud
Job Type: Full-time
Description

At ArganoMS3, our employees adapt to change quickly, communicate with clients effectively, and stay focused to execute deliverables. We know the importance of staying at the cutting edge of technology, and value employees who strive to innovate and evolve with the changing technological landscape.?

ArganoMS3 is looking for a Backend Software Engineer to join our team. This individual will work on an application that supports operators with inventory management and other tasks. This role will solely focus on backend development and support.

Location

100% Remote
Responsibilities

Design, implementation, and development of software.
Analysis of existing problems and identification or development of system requirements.
Design of interfaces and components.
Maintenance of the current applications.

Technical Experience

5+ years of programming experience
Proven work experience using Java Spring, AWS, Kafka, Kubernetes, and Postgres database.
GO (language) experience

Additional Requirements

Works under minimal supervision.
Strong problem-identifying and problem-solving ability.
Open to receiving feedback and constructive criticism.
Strong, consistent written and verbal communication skills.

Education

Minimum of Bachelor’s degree required (in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field.)
Company Environment

ArganoMS3 is a fast paced, high-energy company. We understand that the right talent matters, which is why we aggressively compensate employees with bonuses, perks, and special incentives to ensure our team is happy and healthy, including:

Competitive base salary and benefits, such as health, dental, vision, life, disability, retirement, paid time off (PTO), and much more.
Limitless growth and learning opportunities.
A collaborative and positive culture - Your team will be as smart and driven as you!
A chance to make an impact - Your work will contribute directly to our strategy.

ArganoMS3 is an Equal Opportunity Employer.The Customer Support department is seeking a Technical Software / Applications Support Engineer to support our Web and Mobile Mapping Software for our growing global customer base in the US and Europe. This role joins a dynamic team that enjoys working with complex applications and products that utilize software, GIS, engineering, and problem-solving skills.


The Support Engineer is a technical software expert, experienced in configuration and implementation of IQGeo solutions often requiring knowledge of complex integrations with 3rd party software systems and middleware, and/or custom software development, as required by customers.


The role works independently or as a team member along with Project Managers, Implementers, and Director of Customer Support to deliver product support for the customer.
Responsibilities

As an integral part of the IQGeo geospatial Customer Support Team, the successful candidate will be a key contributor on the team by supporting IQGeo products for our customers in the Utility and Telecommunications markets. The role is expected to be capable of working independently, and as a team member, and should have a working knowledge of software implementation methodologies and troubleshooting skills. The key responsibilities include the following.

Problem solving skills, providing consulting to clients based on current operational processes and their fit with IQGeo products.
Respond to customer queries (incidents or questions) in a timely and accurate way via support cases, phone, or email.
Identify customer needs and help customers resolve issues or understand IQGeo product functionality.
Follow up with customers to ensure their technical issues are resolved.
Analyze and report product defects to the IQGeo Product Development Team.
Ensure accurate support case information is filled out by IQGeo customers and internal teams to build an IQGeo knowledgebase for end-users.
Inform customers of critical issues or when patches are released on IQGeo products.
Develop and maintain IQGeo product training materials for the IQGeo Certification program.
Required skills

Successful candidates will be enthusiastic individuals with a strong technical and consulting background in general software delivery and support skills related to the following:

Essential

Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with customer service desk systems (Jira Service Desk, FogBugz)
Strong experience with open-source software technologies (Apache, OpenLayers, Leaflet)
Intermediate to light experience in JavaScript and HTML design and development
Experience with Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) or web mapping
Experience with SQL and RDBMS technology (PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite)
Experience with Linux System administration and bash scripting
Experience with Python

Desirable

Enterprise Integration, especially web services
Collaboration systems, such as Jira Confluence or Microsoft SharePoint
Mobile application support (iOS, Android, Windows)
Experience in IQGeo software technology experience
ETL tools such Safe Software’s FME or GeoKettle
Git or other distributed version control systems
Additional language skills are not essential, but would be an advantage
Education and experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering required or related field or equivalent work experience is preferred.
Comparable technology and industry experience

If you would like to join this winning team, please submit your resume and cover letter to hr@iqgeo.com


   Superpedestrian is engineering the future of micromobility. The Superpedestrian team is composed of some of the most talented operations specialists, policy managers, designers and engineers, all focused on transforming the future urban mobility. Our scooters, called LINK, were designed to prioritize safety from the inside out, and our Superpedestrian team is dedicated to building meaningful local and city partnerships across the world. Join us!
  


 We are seeking an Android Developer to join the Superpedestrian consumer software team. The ideal candidate will take a leading role in pushing our Android app forward. There are currently several opportunities open in the software team so we are looking for candidates at different stages of their career. Don’t hesitate to apply if you only meet some of the preferred qualifications, or if you feel you’re overqualified. This is a position where you will have the opportunity to shape your responsibilities based on the skills you bring to the table.
  
 What you'll do:

 Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design and ship new features
 Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability
 Work on improving application performance and bug fixes
 Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency and application performance
 Participate in cross-team peer code reviews
 Participate in Agile Scrum sprint and release planning

 Who you are:

 4+ years of industry experience in Android development
 Experience with the Android build tooling (Gradle)
 Experience integrating apps with server side API
 Experience developing consumer facing apps
 Working knowledge of database systems
 Experience with Bluetooth device integration is a plus

 Perks:

 Competitive benefits with company subsidized medical, dental, vision & disability insurance and a 401k plan.
 Generous time off policy.
 On the job training with a leadership team that is committed to growth and development of all employees.
 A team of awesome, like-minded, driven people that support each other, and mentors from across the top echelons of industry.
 The chance to have your voice heard and help shape Superpedestrian’s future.
 Equity in a fast growing company.
 A commitment to an actively anti-racist environment.


    Superpedestrian actively encourages applicants of all backgrounds. If you think you meet most of the requirements, but not every single point on the job description, please apply! We’d love to have a chat and see if you'd be a great addition to our team.
  



THE CHALLENGE
 Eventbrite is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join us in our mission to bring the world together through live experiences. Last year alone, our platform processed over 150 million tickets across over 3 million events organized by our creators. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to build features, design APIs, and scale our product as we grow.
 THE TEAM
 We're a people-focused Engineering organization: the women and men on our team value working together in small teams to solve big problems, supporting an active culture of mentorship and inclusion, and committing themselves to learn new things daily. Pair programming, weekly demos, tech talks, and quarterly hackathons are at the core of how we’ve built our team and product. We believe in engaging with the community, regularly hosting free events with some of the top technical speakers, and actively contributing to open source software. Our technology spans across web, mobile, API, big data, machine learning, search, physical point of sale, and scanning systems.
 Our engineering teams own their services and systems end to end from requirements gathering to deployment to maintenance. Team members follow an on-call rotation to ensure any issues are mitigated immediately and root causes are rectified.
 THE ROLE
 We seek senior software engineers to join one of our development teams. We’re currently through a transition to a pure Devops culture. We strive for teams completely autonomous and with full ownership of their services and roadmaps. Teams usually consist of front-end engineers, backend engineers, a product manager, a designer, Technical program manager, and an engineering manager. You will solve challenging technical problems and own your impactful products end-to-end. You will contribute to Eventbrite engineering’s culture of technical excellence through inclusivity and mentorship. This is more than an opportunity to join an amazing team, it is a chance to impact Eventbrite’s platform and organization at scale.
 THE TECH STACK
 Eventbrite is one of the world’s largest Django-powered sites by request volume. Python, Django, and MySQL are the primary off-the-shelf technologies in our stack. We are hosted on AWS. PySOA, our services framework builds on these core technologies. On the frontend, we make extensive use of React and Redux. However, the company is transitioning to a completely new stack (such as Kotlin, DynamoDB, Lambdas, gRPC, Step Functions, etc) where each team will have complete ownership and autonomy.
 THE SKILL SET

You have 4+ years of experience building applications at scale in at least one popular programming language, such as Python, Java, Kotlin, Go, Rust, Ruby, etc.
You have 2+ years of experience using some form of web framework: Django, Symphony, Rails, ASP.net, etc. 
You have 2+ years of experience using a SQL database: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MSSQL, etc. 
You are an efficient, practical programmer with a record of designing and producing dependable code. 
You care about making sure your code is maintainable and well tested. 
You have a holistic approach to quality.
You are a results-driven self-starter with great communication and collaboration skills; we put a lot of emphasis on being team players.
You enjoy teaching and mentoring colleagues.

BONUS POINTS

Experience with cloud services in AWS, Azure, or Google.
You have knowledge of microservices and/or Service Oriented Architecture
You have experience working with modern frontend frameworks: React, Backbone/Marionette, etc
You have experience designing and developing APIs, both internal service and HTTP APIs

 WHAT WE OFFER
 At Eventbrite, we strive to support our Britelings and their loved ones through different stages of life with robust and attractive benefits, financial and physical wellness options, and great perks. In addition to offering a competitive salary and company stock, we have other great benefits available. In the Briteland, you’ll find great medical plans, fertility and adoption benefits, wellness reimbursement, generous parental leave, and much more.
 We care about your mental health and wellbeing.
 Our employees enjoy free coaching sessions with Modern Health. We also offer free therapy sessions with a psychologist. You’ll also have access to private medical insurance for you and your family, that includes dental care. And our wellness program to pay for your gym expenses.
 We work hard to cultivate a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture where Britelings feel like they belong.
 Employees can participate in resource groups and we offer programming throughout the year to support a diverse and inclusive workplace.
 We offer ongoing training and career development that meets people where they are in their careers.
 We offer unlimited access to courses in Udemy, leadership coaching for all managers, Briteling led talks, and weekly company-wide town halls with our CEO. We take culture seriously and design programs with employee feedback in mind to make Eventbrite a great place to work no matter where you work from in the world.
 Work-life balance & flexibility is extremely important to us.
 Our employees can choose what works best for them: work in one of our offices, be fully remote or the best of both worlds! We believe in a flexible working environment to allow Britelings to perform at their best ensuring a healthy work-life balance. We have recently implemented Britebreak Fridays: all Britelings turn off their computers and take the first Friday of every month off to focus on their wellbeing.
 ABOUT EVENTBRITE
 Eventbrite is a global self-service ticketing and experience technology platform that serves a community of hundreds of thousands of event creators in nearly 180 countries. Since inception, Eventbrite has been at the center of the experience economy, transforming the way people organize and attend events. The company was founded by Julia Hartz, Kevin Hartz and Renaud Visage, with a vision to build a self-service platform that would make it possible for anyone to create and sell tickets to live experiences. The Eventbrite platform provides an intuitive, secure, and reliable service that enables creators to plan and execute their live and online events, whether it’s an annual culinary festival attracting thousands of foodies, a professional webinar, a weekly yoga workshop or a youth dance class. With over 290 million tickets distributed for over 5 million total events in 2021, Eventbrite is where people all over the world discover new things to do or new ways to do more of what they love. Learn more at www.eventbrite.com.
 IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT?
 Sign up to keep in touch and we’ll let you know when we have new positions on our team.
 Eventbrite is a proud equal opportunity/affirmative action employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship status, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, mental or physical disability, political affiliation, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.



Full Stack Python Developer

Remote work, Eastern Time Zone (UTC -5)

Medium sized successful and fast growing advertising company
Responsibilities
As a Full Stack Python Developer, you will create and expand our in-house tools and help deliver projects and improve existing systems within our agile framework that adapts to quickly evolving business requirements. Your responsibilities will include:
Playing a key role in our delivering our Python projects
Contributing to all layers of our technology stack including creating python backend services, large databases, cloud APIs and web-based user interface
Working with and supporting other technical team members including first and 2nd level support escalations.
Liaising with business teams to create and automate robust systems that deliver the core value components of our business to our clients
Liaising with technical teams to document, troubleshoot and increase operational efficiency of the company's infrastructure.
Qualifications
Strong knowledge of programming concepts and object-oriented programming
Fluency in Python and experience architecting large applications
Strong knowledge of web programming specifics and experience in building web-based applications,
Extensive experience working with both relational databases and large NOSQL datasets (dynamodb, athena / presto a plus)
Expertise with client side javascript and HTML based UI development is a plus.
Experience in cloud computing. Experience with AWS / Azure is a plus
Experience in using source code control systems, particularly Git.
Strong Linux skills
Experience with web services, especially for facilitating interaction among multiple systems
Exposure to systems and/or network automation and monitoring (a plus)
Good verbal and written communication skills and fluency in English
Additionally, we are seeking someone who is:
Self-starting and can work autonomously within a larger team
Committed to following best practices
Keenly interested in developing technologies
Enthusiastic about testing
Able to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities as priorities change
Organized and detail-oriented
Experience in ad-tech is desirable but not required.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $65,000.00 - $75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Remote work / work from home. Covid 19 is not an issue.
Education:

High school or equivalent (Required)

Experience:

Python: 1 year (Required)
Cloud computing: 1 year (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Hiring a Software Test Engineer II to join our SalesForce.com team.You will play a key role in developing our Salesforce capabilities. To be successful, you will need to feel comfortable interfacing with related technology groups and business representatives. We are looking for high-energy, inquisitive and passionate analysts.ResponsibilitiesAnalyze technical and non-technical requirements and translate them into both manual and automatable scenarios.Apply strong testing best practices to develop test design and test approach.Execute tests, record results in Rally, communicate results to team members.Execute both manual and automated scenarios, analyze results and act accordingly.Assist other team members in whatever is necessary with test design, test approach, testing, story requirement clarification and providing feedback to the development teamMaintain expert level of knowledge in testing best practices.Demonstrate a solid understanding of Agile principles and how they apply to testing.Possess a deep understanding of SalesForce.com (Sales, Service & Marketing Clouds).Effectively manage individual workload for multiple assignments or projects.Lead testing effort for medium-to-large sized products, from concept to delivery.Demonstrate a passion for learning new processes and techniques.Qualifications (Required):5-7 years of testing experience2+ years working with SalesForce1 + years working with SalesForce CPQ3+ years working in Agile environmentsDemonstrated expertise performing SQL/Data verification testingStrong understanding of Testing best practicesBachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management or Engineering; or equivalent work experienceAdditional Qualifications:Salesforce Admin experience/certifications a plusSalesforce Development experience/certifications a plusTest Automation experience with (Tricentis Tosca) a plus
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $29.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Testing: 7 years (Preferred)
SalesForce: 4 years (Preferred)
SalesForce CPQ: 2 years (Preferred)
Agile: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Waltham, MA location with remote potential outside of Massachusetts

Imagine new horizons...
Dassault Systemes – a global innovator of simulation driven engineering solutions - is seeking a highly motivated and experienced Software Engineer to help develop cutting-edge mesh preparation tools for its simulation and design optimization software products that are used worldwide in industries such as ground transportation, aerospace, motorsports and numerous other fluid flow applications.
You enjoy a challenge?
Here at Dassault Systèmes, we empower people with passion to change the world. Let’s open new horizons together with the power of 3DEXPERIENCE virtual universes!

What will your role be?

Our team is responsible for developing PowerDELTA – a desktop application to automatically prepare simulation ready geometric models starting with complex CAD assemblies containing1000+ parts using various state-of-the-art geometry operations.
The potential candidate for this position must have a strong background in mesh generation and mesh processing. In addition, the candidate must also be well versed with the overall architecture for developing quality geometry software, be able to utilize available functionality from third party libraries including geometry kernel, graphics engines and front end packages.

The challenges ahead
Act as a key member of the software development team contributing to the development of a new, exciting and comprehensive geometry creation, manipulation and management software that will revolutionize the overall engineering design process.
Utilize your software architecture skills to help in developing robust software with high performance, quality, reliability and smooth interaction between various software components.
Take initiative in conceptualizing and developing product specification, designing, developing and testing software, and be a project lead to efficiently manage the project and other project participants for its successful delivery within stipulated timeframe.
Collaborate effectively with all the highly motivated and talented product contributors, including the members of the software development team, product management team, quality assurance team and the field engineers.

Your Key Success Factors?
MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related discipline.
2 - 5 years’ experience designing and developing commercial software for computational geometry, 3D modeling, visualization, and finite element preprocessing and/or analysis packages.
Excellent C and C++ programming skills.
A strong background in designing and developing complex commercial software systems, including knowledge in OOD and component based design concepts.
Understanding of software build processes including smooth integration with third party software packages.
Experience with and appreciation for operating within a professional software development process with the appropriate checks and balances.
Solid verbal and written communication skills

Additional Skills & Experiences:
Mesh generation and Mesh Processing techniques/toolkits.
Expertise in computer graphics and Graphical User Interface (GUI) Design.
Compensation & Benefits
Dassault Systèmes offers an excellent salary with potential for bonus, commensurate with experience. Benefits include a choice of plans providing comprehensive coverage for medical, dental, vision care for employee & dependents as well as employee life, short & long term disability, tuition reimbursement, immediate 401K enrollment, 401K match (50 cents on the dollar, up to the first 8% of your eligible compensation that you contribute based on match eligibility criteria), flexible time off policy, and 9 paid holidays.
Equal opportunity
In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at 3DS are based on merit, qualifications and abilities. 3DS is committed to a policy of non-discrimination and equal opportunity for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or medical or common conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, familial status, national origin, ancestry, age (40 and above), disability, veteran status, military service, application for military service, genetic information, receipt of free medical care, or any other characteristic protected under applicable law. 3DS will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.


Coalition Technologies is devoted to doing the highest quality of work for our clients while maintaining a fun, thriving environment for our team. Along with the opportunity to grow with our team, we are excited to offer:

The most competitive profit-sharing bonus plans in the industry. We pay up to 50% of all profits monthly to all full-time employees!
Joining our Coalition means you also get to enjoy paid time off and subsidized gym memberships.
Our US-Based team members can enjoy our medical, dental, vision, and life insurance packages in all US states.
Our international team members have the opportunity to participate in our International Insurance Reimbursement Program, a benefit unique to Coalition.

100% of our team works remotely with the support of time tracking software. Our company culture has specialized in supporting remote team members for over a decade. We welcome your application, wherever in the world it's coming from!
 YOU SHOULD HAVE:

Strong knowledge of WordPress Platform
Expertise in WordPress Custom Theme Development and Plugin Development
Expertise in WP Plugin Integration (WooCommerce, WPML, Membership plugins etc)
Should understand how to make WordPress manageable from admin panel
Understands WP architecture and knows how to perform database and code optimization for WordPress
Expertise in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript
Proficiency in PHP/MYSQL and AJAX
The ability to work on LAMP development environment
A thorough understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues
Strong understanding of responsive web design techniques
Understanding of W3C Web Standards/Semantics and Accessibility Guidelines
An ability to work on multiple projects and tasks at the same time
Great attention to detail, highly organized
A positive and upbeat attitude with the ability to learn quickly
Minimum 2 years of experience in WordPress Development
Experience with BigCommerce, Magento, and Shopify (preferred)
Experience with ReactJS/AngularJS (preferred)
Excellent written and spoken English
The availability to work 40 hours per week from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm PST
The ability to adapt to a diverse and multicultural environment
A reliable workstation with a fast computer, microphone and speakers, reliable internet and power if working remotely

YOUR DUTIES AND TASKS:

Developing and providing maintenance support for WordPress sites
Developing custom themes and plugins
Migrating websites from other platforms to WordPress
Integrating and setting up plugins like WPML, WooCommerce, Membership, etc.
Optimizing page speed of WordPress sites
Implementing SEO/CRO best practices in WordPress sites
Transforming complex PSD layouts into pixel-perfect presentation layer HTML5/CSS3 templates
Creating responsive website designs
Working with version control systems such as GIT / SVN
Working under tight deadlines
Handling multiple projects at the same time
Producing high-quality work with a strong focus on detail

We are looking for talented and diligent candidates who excel in our skills tests, and will consider these candidates even if past experience or educational background criteria aren't met.



  Overview: 
   Serving Fortune 1000 companies globally, antuit.ai – part of Zebra Technologies – is rethinking how retail and consumer products companies use AI to solve real business problems. Antuit.ai’s demand intelligence platform empowers world-class companies to optimize inventory decisions to achieve substantial business results.

 Zebra Technologies is interested in hiring a Principal Cloud Engineer with deep and and hands on knowledge of Azure Kubernetes Zebra/Antuit Enterprise SaaS solutions. The successful candidate should have expert level experience with production Kubernetes environments, and a proven track record delivering AI/ML-powered SaaS solutions. S/he should have experience in working in Agile based projects and should be able to work in a fast paced and result oriented environment.

 Responsibilities: 
   Responsibilities includes however not limited to:

 Will be involved in hands-on Kubernetes production experience (one of the USPs of this opportunity apart for working on cloud profile for a AI SaaS Product company which is a part of multi-billion dollar org.
 Execution of Kubernetes services, load balancing, networking and security
 Good experience with Azure Services and preferably Azure AKS
 Experience with Argo Workflows
 Utilize Terraform and Ansible to build Infrastructure as Code software
 Monitor Kubernetes Clusters
 Deploying and managing stateful applications and storage in Kubernetes
 Operationalizing AI/ML good to have.
 Excellent knowledge of public and private cloud technologies
 Solid hands-on software development experience in big data environments, utilizing Go and/or Python preferred
 Experience writing custom operators preferred
 Experience with microservice architectures
 Excellent knowledge of Linux.
 Qualifications: 
  
    Minimum:
   

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent.
10+ years’ experience in Software and Data Engineering, preferably in SaaS environment
3+ years Azure Kubernetes production experience
Experience with Azure Services and AWS


 Preferred:
 The successful candidate will have the following profile/experience:

 Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent.
 10+ years’ experience in Software and Data Engineering, preferably in SaaS environments
 3+ years Kubernetes production experience
 Deep understanding of Kubernetes services, load balancing, networking and security
 Good experience with Azure Services and Azure AKS
 Experience with Argo Workflows
 Experience with Terraform and Ansible to build Infrastructure as Code software
 Experience with monitoring Kubernetes Clusters
 Experience deploying and managing stateful applications and storage in Kubernetes
 Experience operationalizing AI/ML good to have.
 Excellent knowledge of public and private cloud technologies
 Solid hands-on software development experience in big data environments, utilizing Go and/or Python preferred
 Experience writing custom operators preferred
 Experience with microservice architectures
 Excellent knowledge of Linux.
 Demonstrated ability to learn new technologies quickly and independently.
 Experience working on agile projects and understanding of agile concepts 
Ability to work and achieve stretch goals in a very innovative and fast paced environment.
 Excellent English verbal and written communication skills, especially in technical communications
 Strong inter-personal skills and a desire to work collaboratively

 Come join the herd!

 Zebra is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace.

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, ancestry, marital status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other basis prohibited by law. If you are an individual with a disability and need assistance in applying for a position, please contact us at workplace.accommodations@zebra.com.





    Granicus is the leading provider of citizen engagement technologies and services for the public sector, bringing governments closer to the people they serve with the first-and-only Civic Engagement Platform. Granicus works with more than 5,500 government organizations and connects more than 280 million people in the largest Citizen Subscriber Network of its kind.
   


 We are looking for a 
    Front -end Web Developer to work on various web projects for our government customers. Web Developers work closely with broader project teams that include UX, Design, QA, Project Management, and Implementation resources to deliver new client websites and make modifications for existing customers that exceed their expectations. Deep knowledge of front-end web development, prioritization skills, attention to detail, versatility, and enthusiasm for client success are cornerstones for this role. 
   

    Candidates should bring a consultative approach and a "whatever it takes" attitude to ensure client success.
    




What You Will Do: 


 Responsible for CMS theme configuration and customization based on technical specification documents (Adobe XD, Figma)
 Responsible for styling of existing CMS widgets and creation of custom widget layouts using HTML and CSS
 Light image manipulation and optimization when required to produce responsive markup 
 Website quality assurance and accessibility checking – cross browser / device
 Code review with peers
 Follow defined development standards and maintain documentation
 Manage a backlog ensuring timely completion of tasks assigned to you 
 Work within project teams, adhering to strict timeframes and budgets
 Support implementation group peers (PM’s, design, UX) with technical questions – usually client initiated




 Who You Are: 


 At least 3 years of front-end web development experience
 Expertise creating / manipulating HTML 5, CSS 3, Mobile-First Responsive Design
 Proficiency with CSS pre-processors like SCSS 
 Ability to QA and debug front-end issues across browsers / devices
 Experience working in content management systems - open source or proprietary
 Experience using Adobe XD, Figma, Photoshop or similar software 
 Keen attention to detail and accuracy – in thinking and execution 
 Must be able to provide 2-3 examples of work


     Note: Candidates selected for interviews will be given a skills assessment task.
   



 Bonus Experience and Qualifications: 


 Understanding of web standards and accessibility
 Experience with JavaScript and/or JavaScript libraries or frameworks (e.g. jQuery, AngularJS, React, Vue)
 SaaS experience
 Local Government or non-profit website experience
 Excitement for managing multiple simultaneous tasks and projects in a fast-paced environment
 High learning velocity and enthusiasm for excellence
 Love of problem-solving and the ability to think outside the box




Security Requirement: Responsible for “Company” information security by appropriately preserving the Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability (CIA) of “Company” information assets in accordance with the company's information security program.
   


 Granicus is subject to the Executive Order requiring employees of federal contractors to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19.



 Median salary range: $60-70K annual (starting rate may vary by experience and/or location).



 Granicus provides technology and services that empowers government organizations to create seamless digital experiences for the people they serve. By offering the industry’s leading cloud-based solutions for communications, content management, meeting and agenda management, and digital services to over 4,000 public sector organizations, Granicus helps turn government missions into quantifiable realities. Come see the impactful work we’ve done on communities across the country (and world!): https://granicus.com/success-stories/
   


 Benefits: At Granicus, we offer a competitive benefits package that allows employees to tailor benefits to their needs. Benefits listed below are for employees based in the U.S.
   

Flexible Time Off
Medical (includes an option that is paid 100% by Granicus!), Dental & Vision Insurance
401(k) plan with matching contribution
Tuition & Training Reimbursement
Paid Parental Leave
Employer-paid Short and Long Term Disability Insurance, Group Term Life Insurance and AD&D Insurance
Group legal coverage
Transit and/or parking supplement for office-based employees
Free snacks and drinks in our offices
And more!



 Granicus is committed to providing equal employment opportunities. All qualified applicants and employees will be considered for employment and advancement without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, physical or mental disability, age, genetic information, sexual or affectional orientation, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, familial status, military or veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law.



Position title
Mid Java Developer
Responsibilities
You will drive and create integration to new Mobile Device Management products, connect to Telecom Provider APIs to realize automation, retrieve and process complex data from these APIs and file-based reports.
You will create data processing components to generate reports using techniques such as map-reduce.
You will create integration tests to ensure internal consistency as well as external system interface stability.
You will dive deep into our messaging system, embrace asynchronous communication paradigm, will bring your ideas of improvement and innovation and implement them.
Qualifications
4+ years of software development experience
2+ years of Java development experience
Strong background in Java/J2EE technologies, Spring framework
Knowledge of message brokers like ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ, ZeroMQ, NServiceBus, etc.
Several years of experience with message-based reactive architectures and systems
Strong background in distributed systems, asynchronous patterns and multithreaded programming
Knowledge and experience with JavaScript, particular with Node.js, is a strong plus
Experience building production-ready cloud SaaS applications is a strong plus.
Hiring organization
Connext Global Solutions
Industry
IT Developer
Job Location
 WFH Permanent
Date posted
 May 12, 2022
Financial Company
100% REMOTE
Needed ASAP
12 month contract
Needed ASAP- must work without sponsorship
Interview by video
Scala Engineer!
Required- Scala Engineer with min of 2 years of exp--comfortable reading and writing Scala codePreferred but not required- familiarity with GCP, Big Data or Spark
Job Type: Contract
Pay: From $80.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Job Description : 
DevOps Engineer will be responsible for analysing all DevOpa/ infrastructure related tasks in different stack, stabilizing the infra stacks
*Responsibilities* : 
*3 to 5 years’ experience in a DevOps role in projects involving Java, J2EE, messaging, Microservices and Containers for complex, scalable, enterprise grade products

Good exposure to AWS eco system
Experience building a multi-region highly available auto-scaling infrastructure that optimizes performance and cost
Maintain & optimize existing infrastructure
Conceptualize, architect and build automated deployment pipelines in a CI/CD environment ( Preferred Jenkins)
Must have had prior experience automating deployments to production and lower environments.
Ability to work with distributed teams in a collaborative and productive manner
Strong problem solving, analytical, design, architecture, decision-making and communication skills.
Should have experience working with Agile methodology

*Desired Candidate profile : *
*Should be self-motivated and Smart working

Candidate should have excellent communication skills both oral and written
Should be willing to learn
Should be B.E, B.Tech, MCA, M.Sc. qualified
*

Primary Technical Skills : *

1)Kubernates
2)AWS
3)CI/CD Jenkins/Gitlab
4)Git/BitBucket
5)Linux/Unix
6)Kafka

Job Type: Full-time

The Ideal Candidate: 
The ideal candidate for this position is a highly skilled and motivated full stack developer. They have extensive experience with C#, .NET, CSS and Angular and are highly familiar with Kubernetes, Azure, and CosmosDB. They are passionate about Microservices, Domain Driven Design, containerization, and event driven architecture with knowledge of how these affect security and coding standards throughout the environment. They’ve worked in TDD and understand the purpose of testing while developing. They understand and drive conversations for improvement, are enthusiastic about new technologies, and love to impart this knowledge and enthusiasm with others.
Principal Duties: 
As a Senior Software Developer, your responsibilities will include:

Microservices development including domain modeling.
Utilize software development best practices.
Implement secure coding standards and practices.
Develop web applications using technologies such as .NET, C#, CSS, Angular, and Azure.
Collaborate and communicate effectively in an agile environment.
Apply an engineering mindset.
Contribute to the team in analysis, design, and testing within a Selenium framework.
Apply systems engineering concepts, such as structured design, supportability, reliability, scalability, and maintainability to ensure that applications are optimized and loosely coupled.
Experience with container orchestration and building apps in containers.
Desire and ability to communicate and collaborate at a high level.
Strong customer service and customer relations skills.
Excellent communication skills.
Able to identify and develop creative solutions to problems.
Strong understanding of data collections and data flow.
Other duties as assigned.

Requirements: 
A. Degree – B.S. in Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent experience.
B. Functional Experience – 5+ years’ experience with .NET, C#, CSS, Angular, Kubernetes, Azure, Typescript, SCSS, Selenium, SpecFlow, CosmosDB, microservices design, and other technologies and tools.

Functional Experience – 7+ years’ experience using secure coding practices, Test Driven Development, Domain Driven Design, and implementation.

D. Agile/Scrum – Candidates must demonstrate experience in an agile product environment to include deep understanding and experience with agile methodologies.
E. Interpersonal Relationships – Candidates must demonstrate the ability to work well with others of all personality types while demonstrating problem-solving and the ability to prioritize tasks.
F. Communication – Candidates must demonstrate the ability to communicate in verbal and written form with both technical and non-technical personnel.
G. Initiative – Candidates must demonstrate success as a self-starting, hardworking and inquisitive worker.
H. Teamwork – Candidates must demonstrate the ability to work with cross-functional teams to deliver on a common goal.
Bonus skills: 
I. Certifications: Microsoft Azure Admin, Azure Architect, Kubernetes Admin, Kubernetes Dev, etc.
J. Financial or Education Domain experience: Working experience in the finance and/or education domains.
K. Penetration Testing, Security testing, experience with OWASP, etc.
L. DevOps tools experience – maintaining pipelines, containerization, etc.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Note: Remote Candidates consider
Only those who will work on W2 
Technical/Developer - Java + AWS - 5-8 years experience 
Description: 
Working in an agile environment, The Developer works with Architects, Solution Leads, QA, DevOps teams and Change management personnel and delivers through technical expertise in design, development, coding, unit testing, System Integration testing and debugging new software or significant enhancements to existing software. H/She demonstrates broad knowledge of highly complex business processes and capabilities. The Developer conducts highly complex business process analysis, needs assessments, and participates in design sessions with Architects in order to align digital solutions with business initiatives.
Skills Required: 

Cloud based development
Enterprise coding standards
Agile development methodologies
Follow Technical architecture and design
Analytical skills
Verbal and written communication
Practical (Hands on ) Experience working on complex cloudbased

software projects, web application development, microservices, security and open-source technologies
Must Have: 

Cloud Technologies: AWS

(Lambda/EC2/SQS/SNS/S3/IAM/CloudWatch)AWS-Glue-preferable .Cloud Experience needed

Big Data Technologies Java,(OOPs, Concurrency, Generics,

Data structure, Lambda, Stream)

Experience working with Databases like Oracle, SQL Server,

DB2 or NoSQL databases like Cassandra

Efficient in writing scripts((json/yaml/batch/shell/AWS CLI)
Good understanding in Linux commands such as grep, top,

nohup etc.
Activities: 

Development of enterprise-level digital solutions by analyzing,

coding and performing unit testing

Ensure that the application design complies with the enterprise’s

standard for technical, information, application, and businessarchitecture

Work with PO, Architects, Solution Leads, Dev Teams to make

sure business requirements are implemented in technicalsolutions

Articulate design and resolve technical/design conflicts as they

occur with Architects and Solution Leads

Coordinate with business analysts and/or users to determine

requirements

Collaborate with architects to determine the design of enterprise-level

technical solutions

Coordinates with the solution development teams to perform SIT

testing

Coordinates with DevOps, Change Management, QA teams for

deployments to QA

Mentor and foster growth of peers and team members.
Perform code reviews and ensure the quality of code
Co-ordinate with DevOps team for infrastructure set-up and

deployments
Participates in: 

Daily Stand-up meeting
Backlog grooming meeting
Sprint planning meeting
Sprint retrospective meeting
Sprint demo
Requirement discussions
Architecture & Design Review Sessions
Technical design sessions
SIT Testing and Deployments
QA Deployments

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Houston, TX 77002: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Experience:

REST: 4 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location
Speak with the employer+91 +12029538146

We are hiring for a fully remote GoLang Engineer to join our team. This person will be working on an Unmanned Traffic Management (UMT) System.Qualifications

Experience in GoLang backend development
Web frameworks and RESTful APIs
Code packaging, release, and deployment
Database knowledge
Code versioning tools like Git, SVN, etc
Work in an Agile environment, following Scrum principles, to support faster delivery and the implementation of code & applications

Responsibilities

Writing efficient, reusable, testable, and scalable code
Understanding, analyzing, and implementing business needs, feature modification requests, conversion into software components
Designing and implementing high availability and low latency applications, data protection and security features

Education

Bachelors or equivalent experience

Benefits: 

Competitive salary
Health, Dental, and Vision
PTO
401K (with match)
Training/ Conference Stipend

Job Type: Full-time
Description

6sense is a Predictive Intelligence Engine that is reimagining how B2B companies do sales and marketing. It works with big data at scale, advanced machine learning and predictive modeling to find buyers and predict what they will purchase, when and how much.

6sense helps B2B marketing and sales organizations fully understand the complex ABM buyer journey. By combining intent signals from every channel with the industry's most advanced AI predictive capabilities, it is finally possible to predict account demand and optimize demand generation in an ABM world. Equipped with the power of AI and the 6sense Demand Platform™, marketing and sales professionals can uncover, prioritize and engage buyers to drive more revenue.

6sense is seeking a Frontend Engineer to become part of a team designing, developing, and deploying its customer centric applications.

A Frontend Engineer (React.js) at 6sense will have the opportunity to

Develop new user-facing features
Build reusable components and front-end libraries
Optimize components for maximum performance across multiple devices and browsers
Learn and contribute to build performant REST APIs/microservices for both internal and external consumption
Perform code reviews

Required qualifications and must have skills

BE/BTech/BS or equivalent
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
3+ years of experience in ReactJS and Redux with strong focus on usability design
Experience with any RDBMS and strong SQL knowledge
Comfortable with Unix / Linux command line
Object-oriented concepts & design patterns

Nice to have Skills

Python and frameworks like Django or Java/Springboot
Experience with Big Data platforms like Hadoop / Hive / Presto
Experience with ML/AI frameworks like TensorFlow, H20, etc
Used Key Value stores or noSQL databases
Good understanding of docker and container platforms like Mesos and Kubernetes
Security-first architecture approach

Interpersonal Attributes

You can work independently as well as part of a team
You take ownership of projects and drive them to conclusion
You're a good communicator and are capable of not just doing the work, but teaching others and explaining the "why" behind complicated technical decisions
You aren't afraid to roll up your sleeves: This role will evolve over time, and we'll want you to evolve with it!
When you can find a greater purpose in your work, your potential is limitless. That’s the mindset that drives our team at Homepoint, as we strive to support the American dream of financially healthy, happy homeownership.
Homepoint is a rising star in the mortgage industry with a culture that encourages community, caring, and open communication. What makes our team special is our people-first philosophy, as we empower and encourage our associates to speak up, become innovators and make impactful changes – no matter what position they hold within the company.
Homepoint is one of the fastest-growing mortgage lenders in the U.S. – already the third-largest wholesale lender and a Top-10 correspondent lender. Founded in 2015, we are headquartered in Ann Arbor, MI and offer positions throughout the nation – many of which are remote. Our team has grown to include more than 3,500 associates and we service more than 400,000 customers nationwide.
If you thrive in a fast-paced environment and are looking for an opportunity to grow and develop your career, then we have the perfect opportunity for you!
POSITION SUMMARY:
The Software Developer in Test (SDET) is a key contributor in the development, maintenance, and execution of automated tests. This role will collaborate with other test focused developers, business/systems analysts, and application developers to design and utilize best in class testing solutions.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

Identify and develop test solutions to validate C# and Java based custom mortgage related applications
Collaborate with test engineering team to build, maintain, and enhance C# based automation tests and supporting frameworks
Develop automated testing solutions (UX, API, middleware, and test data management)
Strive for automation. You constantly consider, "How can we automate this manual process?" and inspire teams to embrace this philosophy
Innovation. You are constantly reviewing industry developments and best practices to improve our quality engineering capabilities. You consistently build new solutions to test features and functionality where there are no standard quality practices
In a scrum environment you will plan testing approach, create/manually execute test cases, report results and bugs, and automate tests (in sprint or post sprint as appropriate)
Regularly communicate with scrum team on status, risks, and opportunities
Contribute to the technology strategy, architectural vision, integration, and problem solving to cultivate and drive innovative software testing solutions and continuous improvement

EXPERIENCE/EXPERTISE:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must have the following skills and experience:

5+ years of software development experience with a focus on test automation
Strong C# (.Net) and/or Java programming skills
Advanced Selenium experience
Experience integrating automation test code with CI/CD pipelines
Skilled in building API automation tests that vary in scope from component-level to end-to-end coverage
Strong SQL and MongoDB experience
Working knowledge of JSON data formatting
GraphQL experience a plus
Knowledge of standard VS C# testing frameworks (XUnit, NUnit, MSTest) a plus
Familiarity with microservice and event messaging topologies (e.g., Kafka, Confluent) a plus
Mortgage industry and/or Financial Services experience a plus
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to multitask, effectively manage time, and complete work with minimal supervision

We offer a competitive salary and bonus opportunity, together with an innovative and progressive approach to benefits. It is our goal to provide our associates an exciting, dynamic, desirable place to work. Our ambitious business plan and its success hinges on the ability to find great people and provide an environment that fully engages, retains, and leverages the potential of top talent. As such, Homepoint provides development opportunities to all our associates, with a curriculum geared towards providing an informed view of multiple career paths. We have an owner-operator approach and when Homepoint succeeds, so do our associates.
Homepoint is a national multi-channel mortgage originator and servicer. We bring an innovative approach to lending, focusing on speed, quality, and consistency for our customers and partners. Uniquely, Homepoint retains most of our originated loans for in-house servicing, a cornerstone to our Customer for Life approach. Homepoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. For more information, visit Homepoint.com
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Software Development: 5 years (Required)
Software Test Automation: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Dynamic’s client is seeking a Senior Front End Developer for a permanent position that’s 100% remote.
NOTE: There will be quarterly travel for onsite meetings at the Colorado office. Candidates must reside in the U.S. and be authorized to work in the U.S. without visa sponsorship.
Qualifications:
· Approximately 4+ years of relevant experience
· JavaScript
· HTML
· CSS
· React including functional components
· TypeScript
· TDD
· Git
· AWS a plus
· Java or Python a plus
· Jenkins a plus
· Docker a plus
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Are you able to travel to Colorado quarterly for onsite meetings?
What is your desired salary?

Experience:

React: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Brightcove manages and distributes over a hundred million videos and adds hundreds of thousands to that catalog every day. That's no surprise given the explosive growth of online video, but managing that content presents a huge challenge for our clients. To help solve this problem, we're looking for a Principal Developer/Architect to help us realize our next generation user interface and design system.

Job Responsibilities:

Architect, develop and deploy web-based applications. Experience with scalable backend services is a plus.
Primary contributor to the overall design and development of the Brightcove Design System and the UI architecture standards including responsiveness, accessibility and internationalization best practices.
Be a strong partner and advocate of our User Experience (UX) team in realizing our usability goals as codified by our design system and best practices.
Help define and implement our documentation and sample code, as it relates to the Brightcove Design System, to ensure quick adoption and high quality by developers.
Oversee technical aspects of large enterprise level projects and applications.
Provide guidance to multiple engineering teams to ensure communication channels are flowing within, and across, organizational boundaries.
Be a principal contributor towards setting organizational standards with respect to software architectures, design principles, policies and tools as they relate and support our architectural paved road.
Have a significant role in the career development of others, actively mentoring individuals and the community on advanced technical issues and helping managers guide the career growth of their team members
Work in an agile environment with a team of engineers to create new products and services and enhance existing solutions and workflows.
Develop clean, high-quality code and automated tests to verify its operation.

Minimum Qualifications/Experience:

10+ years of software engineering experience working with Javascript (front-end focus preferred)
Experience with React and NodeJS
Experience with other UI Frameworks such as React Native, Flutter and others is a plus
Experience with Micro Front End (MFE) architectures and packaging frameworks is a plus
Experience with continuous integration and deployment infrastructure for web applications and services
Experience with UI test automation frameworks such as Selenium, WebdriverIO and Cypress a plus
Experience working with AWS or related technologies
Experience in the basics of developing and deploying scalable web-based applications, SaaS systems a plus
Familiarity with Linux, basic SaaS security, REST, and API design
Strong interest in working on a product for which UI (and overall user experience) is a big component and focus
Ability to positively collaborate effectively with other software engineers, user experience designers, and product/program managers
Ability to set and maintain high standards of quality and customer value
Desire to learn and grow; a lifelong learner constantly looking for new approaches to solving hard problems
Experience with Agile methodologies

About Brightcove

As the industry leader in this space, we empower our customers to deliver top-notch video experiences to audiences on every screen in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. Creativity thrives. Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and passions and we have built a culture that values individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to develop technologies once thought impossible, provide customer support without parallel or excuses, and leverage the expertise and resources of a global infrastructure. We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as one team.

Working at Brightcove

As the undisputed global leader in powering premium video for our customers, Brightcove recruits and retains highly qualified and motivated individuals, creating an environment where people can innovate and achieve their best, and we reward them for their performance by giving them the opportunity to share in the company's success. We offer competitive compensation, stock options, 401k matching, and tuition reimbursement, as well as generous PTO - and we expect you to use it!

We offer Remote, Hybrid, and Onsite work arrangements. Our US based office is located in downtown Boston, in Fort Point harbor. This Brightcove office has an open working space layout with beautiful water views. Employees enjoy access to fully-stocked kitchens and social activities including: happy hours, trivia and movie nights, ping pong tournaments, and philanthropy events. We have plenty of opportunities to meet your colleagues around the globe and we also celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove … and more!

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruiting@brightcove.com.

#LI-Remote

#LI-JC1
Company OverviewActiveProspect is the SaaS platform for consent-based marketing.Our comprehensive product suite empowers companies across industries to take real-time action on their leads, protect themselves from litigation by documenting proof of consent, and save money by providing new levels of data insights and control.Our mission is to make consent-based marketing the best channel for customer acquisition.Job SummaryWe are seeking a highly skilled Quality Assurance Automation Engineer to assess software quality, primarily through automated testing. As a QA Automation Engineer at ActiveProspect, you must have excellent coding, organizational, and communication skills. Critical thinking and problem solving abilities are a must, as well as skilled execution of test cases and a passion for quality.Work as part of the cross-functional TrustedForm team, where every member has a say in the direction of our products, team, and culture. We're looking for the kind of engineer who notices every detail, but doesn't lose sight of the big picture.Responsibilities: 

Design and build the automated test frameworks and test suites for use in development and testing cycles
Own the development and execution of automated tests for our TrustedForm application
Develop and maintain testing strategies, metrics, reporting, and processes
Design and create test plans and test cases from user stories
Triage and debug issues
Advocate for quality best practices

To succeed in this role you'll need: 

2+ year writing test automation scripts
3+ years writing test plans, executing test cases and reporting test results
Experience with JavaScript
Strong hands-on experience with automation of APIs using automation frameworks
Experience building end-to-end testing using Puppeteer, Jest or webdriverio
Experience implementing test automation in CI/CD pipeline to improve QA efficiency and seamless integration of automation testing using GitHub Action or similar tools
Expert with non relational or document-oriented databases (MongoDB)
Excellent communication, collaboration, and problem solving skills

*Bonus points for experience/and or interest in: *

Experience with Postman, Rest, cypress or selenium
Experience with load, performance, and/or security testing
Knowledge of software testing methodologies in an agile environment

Benefits and Perks: 

A financially stable company, with the freedom and opportunities of a startup culture
Flexible work schedule
Flexible vacation time
Live Music Capital Holiday
A remote-friendly culture with monthly virtual happy hours and team-building events
Retirement plan matching up to 3% of your salary
Health, dental, vision, disability and life insurance

ActiveProspect is an Equal Opportunity Employer
LsrNU6dC1O
Job Type: Full-time


  Company Description
   At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
 At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon.
 We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
 Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
 We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
 Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.



  Job Description
   We are seeking a well-rounded Cloud DevOps to join our team. In this role, you will assist with Architecting, planning, maintaining, implementing, and optimizing our cloud environment in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Your skills will be used to leverage and promote cloud native solution and support our engineers to utilize Cloud base services effectively.
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Moderate knowledge of Operating Systems (Windows, RHEL, Ubuntu, CentOS, Linux/Unix distributions), specifically with regards to system builds, configurations, and troubleshooting.
 Deep understanding of using automation tools such as Ansible, Terraform, etc.
 Deep understanding of cloud native services.
 Ability to architect solutions for various engineering team.
 Must have basic programming skills such as Python, Java scripts, etc.
 Deep understanding of CI/CD and tools associated: Jenkin, Bitbucket, etc.
 Supporting Infrastructure solution.
 Proactive monitoring of cloud resources to ensure optimal usage.
 Participate in On-Call system administration support including but not limited to weekends, holidays and after-business hours as required to service the need of the business.
 Excellent creating in-house documentation.




  Qualifications
   REQUIRED:

 Three+ years of work experience with hands-on technical experience and system designs.
 Three+ years architecting cloud native solutions (AWS, GCP).
 Understanding in Kubernetes-based architecture and implementation.
 Experience using Docker, AWS EKS, Rancher, Google GKE, etc.
 Experienced in implementing security features such as LDAP, ADFS, SSL, etc.
 Experienced provisioning, operating, and implementing Cloud base solutions.
 Able to work in a team-oriented and collaborative environment.
 Able to lead projects in a small team.
 Experience developing code in at least one high-level programing language to support Infrastructure as a Code.
 Moderate experience using Python or other programing language.
 Understanding of cloud computing technologies, business drivers, and emerging computing trends.
 B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent work experience (preferred)
 Achieved Cloud certifications such as AWS / Google Cloud – Architect, Devops (preferred).

 Additional Information
   Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster.
 Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.
 Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 #LI-KS1

 Compensation & Benefits Details

 An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
 The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado or remote jobs that can be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future.
 You will also be eligible to participate in Western Digital's Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan and to receive equity awards under our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the terms of these programs. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
 Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.



About us: 
We are an international company with offices in the UK, Portugal, Canada and the US. The Virtual Forge works with organisations to create digital and technology platforms to drive transformation, develop capabilities and deliver digital and transactional experiences that build a business around the world.
We are looking for a talented Software Developer to join our international team and work on one of our exciting projects with an awesome client.
Role Overview: 
In these roles, the developers will require flexibility to adapt to client’s needs, excellent communication and organisational skills. They will need to demonstrate evidence of problem-solving and working well under pressure. The ideal candidates will bring an enthusiastic approach, with an ability to estimate and manage their own tasks as the system is built. This is a great opportunity to secure a role with an exciting rapidly growing organisation.
About you: 

C#
.NET framework
.NET Core
Sal server
CosmosDB
Azure functions including orchestration
Storage Queue
ServiceBus
APIM
Identity Server
Table Storage
GIT
Azure DevOps
Complete end-end life-cycle experience
Experience of integration with various different third party APIs
Ability to accurately estimate task times.
Ability to report to the project manager in a concise and clear fashion
Ability to micromanage your own time and plan tasks with the team
Ability to take part in team scrums and code reviews, to give and receive feedback efficiently

Preferred Skills:

An interest in understanding and optimizing the user experience
Internationalized applications (multi-currency, language and time zones)
Experience developing large scale systems
Mobile applications
Experience of working with nearshore and remote teams

What do you need to do:

Send your CV
Gross Salary expectation and availability

At The Virtual Forge, we have a dedicated recruitment team that works globally to fill all our recruitment needs. Therefore we don't need a response from recruitment companies. Thanks for understanding.
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
ASP.NET: 1 year (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote






API Engineer - Remote  Job Summary:  This role will be a code contributing member of an Agile, software development team – collaborating with team members to create high-quality, next generation software products supporting our agents, brokers, and customers.  What You’ll Do:

 Collaborate with team members and across teams to build modern scalable systems.
 Leverage an automation first approach for product delivery and operational support.
 Analyze, design, and prove viability of solutions while efficiently driving towards completion. 
Work with our Product Teams to build solutions to complex challenges that power our apps.
 Contribute to technical strategy, governing standards, and best practices (architecture, design, security, cloud, agile).
 Perform code reviews and contribute to team coding style and standards.
 Build and maintain relationships with broader organization to help efficiently achieve team mission and goals.
 Provide clear communications to all team members, stakeholders, and enterprise partners.
 Be an agent of change and adopt new technologies in support of ever-changing business goals.

  What You’ll Need to Succeed:

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent experience.
 3+ years of experience as a code-contributing member of an Agile Development Team.
 Demonstrable history delivering solutions that provide business value.
 Excellent analytical ability and logical troubleshooting skills.
 Experience with writing code in Node JS, ES8, and in serverless environments.
 Experience with cloud scripting: Terraform/Cloud Formation.
 Familiarity with web application frameworks such as React, Angular, and Vue.
 Knowledge of RESTful services – design, develop, delivery, and monitoring.
 Strong communication skills (written & verbal).

 Other Useful Experience:

 Experience with writing service clients and CLI tools.
 Experience with designing, building, scripting, and deploying cloud applications utilizing many services and technologies across multiple cloud deployments.
 Experience with development and automated testing techniques including unit/E2E/UAT testing.
 Experience leveraging GitLab and Atlassian in support of Agile delivery.
 Ability to work with wide variety of technologies and quickly learn new technologies as needed.

 #LI-LG2 #LI-Remote #Dice



Employment Type

     Full-time 
    


Company

     Realogy Holdings Corp 
    


About Us

Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE: RLGY) is the leading and most integrated provider of U.S. residential real estate services, encompassing franchise, brokerage, and title and settlement businesses as well as a mortgage joint venture. Realogy’s diverse brand portfolio includes some of the most recognized names in real estate: Better Homes and Gardens® Real Estate, Century 21®, Coldwell Banker®, Coldwell Banker Commercial®, Corcoran®, ERA®, Sotheby's International Realty®. Using innovative technology, data and marketing products, best-in-class learning and support services, and high-quality lead generation programs, Realogy fuels the productivity of independent sales agents, helping them build stronger businesses and best serve today’s consumers. Realogy's affiliated brokerages operate around the world with approximately 190,000 independent sales agents in the United States and more than 112,000 independent sales agents in 113 other countries and territories.
 At Realogy, diversity fuels success – for our company and for our employees. We strive to be the preferred company for diverse talent, committed to creating an inclusive environment that encourages everyone to succeed. We pursue talent – strategic thinkers who are eager to innovate, focused on execution and accountable for results. We value diversity – respecting backgrounds, cultures, perspectives.
 You’ll find our commitment to diversity reflected in our achievements:

 Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Diversity.
 Recognized on the 2020 Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index .
 Recognized for gender diversity on our board of directors by Executive Women of New Jersey and Women’s Forum of New York.
 First residential real estate company to endorse the Equality Act and fully support H.R. 1447 amending the Fair Housing Act to include LGBTQ+ as protected classes.

 With diversity, we succeed together. We hope you’ll join us.



Colorado Applicants Only

The base salary range for this position in Colorado is $86,600 to $144,300. This position is eligible for incentive compensation in the form of a bonus.



EEO Statement

     EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
    





Skills: 
· Graphics: Existing knowledge of Vulkan graphics would be highly preferred. Alternatives would be OpenGL (any version), CUDA, OpenCL, and GLSL. But at a minimum all of the resources must have a desire to learn graphics programming (client would provide training materials) and come up to speed quickly to be able to contribute.
· C Programming: At least 5+ years of solid experience and a superior understanding of the C programming language
· Writing Ability: Strong written English language skills
· Software Tools: Proficiency in using GIT & Microsoft Visual Studio 2013
· DO178 experience is a plus, but NOT required. The primary skill set they want is experience programming graphics-based systems
Job Description: 
This program requires help developing and testing Low Level Requirements per DO-178C
1) Low-Level Requirements Formal Reviews
a. Input: draft low-level requirements for software
b. Process: Conduct & participate in formal reviews of low-level requirements using criteria that will be provided by client
c. Output: Completed Review Checklists (template/system provided by client)
2) Formally Review LLR Test Cases
a. Input: Test Case Procedure documents and the related Test Code
b. Process: Review the document and the code for any potential issues or missed coverage.
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
3) Create Low Level Requirements (LLR) Test Cases
a. Input: LLRs
b. Process: Write a test procedure document in plain English that describes the test and expected outcomes. Write test code/script as the actual test code that will be executed to meet the test procedure.
c. Ensure tests run successfully.
d. Output: Test Case Procedure documents, Test Code
4) Formal Code Reviews
a. Input: Source code for identified client Vulkan products (drivers and libraries), client’s Software Coding Standards document
b. Process: Review assigned parts of the source code against requirements, the coding standards, and for any bugs or other issues
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

C: 5 years (Required)
Vulkan Graphics or similar (i.e OpenGL, Cuda, OpenCL, GLSL): 3 years (Required)
GIT: 2 years (Required)
Visual Studio: 2 years (Required)
Knowledge or DO-178 or other Avionic Standards: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Demiurge Studios is seeking an experienced Producer to lead talented teams as they create mobile games. You will be an integral part of the project team’s leadership. Producers are asked to protect schedules, manage budgets, and shepherd our games into the hands of players!
At Demiurge you’ll find a stable studio with an amazing, collaborative culture and a deep respect for art in all our games. Our commitment to sane and sustainable development is well known in the Boston game community. We’re working with some of the industry’s biggest hitters on exciting new projects with tons of challenges and opportunities – come join us!
Please note, relocation assistance or remote work may be available for this role.
Key Responsibilities: 

Collaborate with project and studio leadership to evaluate trade-offs among scope, time-to-market, and quality
Synthesize design vision and product goals into a plan and schedule for software releases with meaningful increments in value
Proactively identify and assess risks in technology, timeline, and staffing
Coordinate development efforts from the front line, focusing effort, prioritizing and assigning tasks and keeping your team motivated
Close the loop with internal and external stakeholders, sharing progress and setting expectations
Author and maintain clear milestone deliverable documents
Mentor Associate Producers and make sure they have clear daily goals and objectives

Must Have Qualifications: 

3+ years game industry experience
Production credit on at least one shipped title for console, mobile, or PC
Experience running teams under a variety of agile and fixed-time development processes
Able to facilitate brainstorming and mediate decision making for a team of enthusiastic developers and leads
Experience managing cohesive, creative teams ranging in size from 5 to 20 people
Experience successfully working with external stakeholders and growing client accounts
The ability to confidently articulate and communicate ideas and concepts using written, verbal and presentation skills

Preference to Applicants with: 

Experience developing an online multiplayer title
Experience in live operations for a free-to-play title
Experience with Jira
Mastery of Microsoft Excel
An understanding of online and social gaming features
A love of video games!
Outside interests!!

About Us: 
Demiurge Studios is a rapidly growing video game developer based in Boston, MA. Creating games is our passion and we bring years of expertise to our projects. The teams at Demiurge build fun, accessible games like our hit, Marvel Puzzle Quest. We also provide co-development services to larger, best-in-industry game companies. In that capacity, Demiurge has contributed to titles such as Bioshock, Rock Band, and Mass Effect.
Demiurge Studios is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to diversity, equity and inclusion. All employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, or Veteran status. Demiurge Studios also makes workplace accommodations for individuals with disabilities or special needs.
Job Type: Full-time



Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that is improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation is not about another gadget; it is about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There is no room for error. If you are looking for a better place to use your passion and your desire to drive change, this is the place to be. It's an opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) 
Careers with naviHealth. At naviHealth, our mission is to work with extraordinarily talented people who are committed to making a positive and powerful impact on society by transforming health care.  naviHealth is the result of almost two decades of dedicated visionary leaders and innovative organizations challenging the status quo for care transition solutions. We do health care differently and we are changing health care one patient at a time. 
naviHealth (nH) is building an ecosystem of partnerships in area of Post-Acute care with a goal of providing highly efficient and cost effective post-acute patient care software solutions. Navihealth is looking to hire a senior-level Devops Engineer who has experience in Octopus with Microsoft Technology stacks (C# and ASP.NET, T-SQL and SQL Server). This is a high impact DevOps opportunity on a very talented team. In this role, you will have responsibility for designing, developing, and maintaining the Continuous Integration process as well as automating many stages of release cycle. 
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges. 
Primary Responsibilities: 

Create an environment of continuous integration and delivery with early error detection during development and thrives on quality 
Develop and maintain a continuous and on-demand automated software build and release process on Windows 
Work with cross functional teams to drive and deploy improvement initiatives 
Troubleshoot follow-through issues and actions and drive them to completion in a timely fashion 
Provide system admin for tools, such as: Jenkins, Jira, Octopus, HP Fortify, OneLogin 
Keep abreast of technical and industry developments 

 You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in. 
Required Qualifications: 

BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent background 
5+ years in software development and/or release engineering 
3+ years of experience in a Dev Ops Position and 
Knowledge of all and mastery of many of the following product/technologies: 
     
Experience with MSSQL, SSIS 
Experience working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment 
Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service 
Solid exposure to Octopus/Jenkins, and experience with automation/CI 
Solid exposure to Source code control tools (TFS), build/ deployment tools 
Exposure to Atlassian suite of products( JIRA/Bamboo/BitBucket) 
Exposure ASP.NET MVC, AngularJS, Bootstrap CSS Framework, Web services (REST, JSON) 
Ability to conduct research into software-related issues and products 

Highly self-motivated and directed 

About naviHealth  Being a pioneer in post-acute management and care transitions with 19 years of experience, naviHealth is uniquely positioned to manage patients, improve clinical and financial outcomes, and share risk with payors and providers. We provide clinical service support alongside proprietary technology and advisory solutions that empower health systems, health plans and post-acute providers to navigate care episodes across the continuum, with the goal of reducing waste and improving patient outcomes. 
Our values  We care about the people we serve.  We care about each other.  We care about our communities.  We embrace innovation.  We like simple. 
naviHealth is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other protected status under applicable laws and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
© 2019 OptumCare. All rights reserved.  OptumCare is committed to creating an environment where physicians focus on what they do best: care for their patients. To do so, OptumCare provides administrative and business support services to both its owned and affiliated medical practices which are part of OptumCare. Each medical practice part and their physician employees have complete authority with regards to all medical decision-making and patient care. OptumCare’s support services do not interfere with or control the practice of medicine provided by the medical practices of any of their physicians. 
 To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment. 
 Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) 
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $66,100 to $118,300. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $72,800 to $129,900. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives. 
*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy 
 Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.



Do you like people as much as you like coding? Does solving real problems and making a difference in people’s lives matter to you? Are you interested in owning equity in early funded start-up while making a huge impact?
If this is you, you might just be the perfect person to join our team and help HelloFrom reach its goals. We have identified a unique opportunity with an unmet need for a large market. Our team knows how to identify meaningful problems, test early & quickly, and activate key marketing channels to grow effectively. We need and value your experience with owning the development and design of front end web architecture, ensuring the responsiveness of applications, and working alongside graphic designers for web design features, among other duties. You will be required to see our projects from conception to final product, requiring good organization skills and attention to detail.
Come leverage your skills to create tools that improve lives and help people foster their most important relationships.
Front-End Developer Responsibilities: 

Developing and owning front end website architecture decisions on new features.
Integrating and Managing our SaaS low code backend (Back4App)
Maintaining multiple frontend applications and the interactions between them.
Designing user interactions on web pages.
Ensuring responsiveness of applications.
Working alongside graphic designers for web design features.
Seeing through a project from conception to finished product.
Designing and developing APIs.
Meeting both technical and consumer needs.
Staying abreast of developments in web applications and programming languages.

Front-End Developer Requirements: 

A CS degree and/or the knowledge of core concepts it provides are highly valued.
Proficiency with fundamental front-end languages such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Experience with frontend development in JavaScript/TypeScript, React and Node
Proficiency with server-side languages such as JavaScript (NodeJS), Python, Ruby, Java, PHP, and .Net.
Familiarity with database technology such as MySQL, Oracle, and MongoDB.
Familiarity with backend as a service tools such as Back4App and Firebase.
Experience building full stack web applications.
Strong organizational and project management skills.
B2C experience preferred but not required
Excellent verbal communication skills.
Good problem-solving skills.
Attention to detail

Compensation: $90-180k dependent on experience and desired cash/equity
Who We Are
We believe in the power of shared moments. We believe mental health depends on quality personal relationships through those shared moments.
HelloFrom helps foster shared moments by offering beautiful, simply designed, and user friendly solutions.
Yes, we’re a greeting card company that is helping people show they care.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Work Location: Remote


Candidates must be based in the United States in order to be considered for this role.

 Who we are
 We are a trusted, institutional crypto asset technology team that delivers leading data and software products to address the most complex data challenges. We build SaaS and DaaS solutions to convert crypto asset data into auditable information to support portfolio management, sub-ledger, risk, analytical and other financial reporting. Our products automate and optimize crypto asset data management for all businesses, including but not limited to funds, fund administrators, OTC and proprietary trading desks, exchanges, miners, protocols and accounting firms - and we are proud to call some of the largest crypto businesses and financial institutions our customers.

 Who we need

2+ years of experience building, scaling and maintaining production services, and understanding of how to compose a microservice or serverless architecture in either Java or Kotlin
Knowledge of REST services, gRPC
Understanding of OOP. Professional work experience with Functional Programming would be a plus 
Knowledge of with RDBMS (i.e. Postgres), various types of noSQL storage solutions
Experience in AWS infrastructure, Kubernetes, Kafka, JVM performance tuning would be a nice advantage



 What you’ll do

Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders from Product, Customer Success, and Engineering in order to deliver and enhance new and existing features of our flagship product Lukka Software Suite. 
Work with senior team members to contribute planning, coding, testing and releasing your work
Achieve on-time delivery without compromising quality
Hit the ground running and be a full-fledged contributor to the corresponding project/team within 6 months



 Why Join Lukka?

 Are you looking for a challenge? Lukka solves the most complex data and technology challenges for an industry that is at the forefront of innovation.

 At Lukka, we strive to anticipate and respond to the needs of this new and ever-changing ecosystem of digital assets. That was true in 2014, while everyone was focused on trading & buying this new asset class, we were thinking about the tax implications of crypto. That innovative foresight continues today as we evolve and iterate on our product suite to address the regulations and educate our customers.
 We are looking for passionate, collaborative, and strategic individuals who want to help shape the future of, well, everything – starting with making crypto more accountable. We invest in our teammates, promote from within & are responsible to each other by fostering an inclusive space for curious minds to thrive and innovate.

 What’s life @ Lukka like?

 We move fast and continue to be ahead of the curve. You could be part of a growing company bridging the gap between business and blockchain.
 Here’s some insight into why our team members have joined:

Ability to own the projects they work on
Less red-tape to take ideas from inception to delivery
Being at the forefront of an industry
Small team, big dreams



 Of course, let’s discuss some perks:




 Health and Dental insurance covered at 100% for employees and 70% for dependents 


Flexible PTO - burnout is a real thing, we encourage all employees to get out and recharge


Generous Parental Leave - Your growing family is important to you and thus important to us 


We work in a rapidly growing industry and we need to also constantly grow. We can’t stay ahead of the curve if we aren’t learning. Every employee is given an annual learning allowance and encouraged to use it


We want you for the long haul. We’re a team on a mission and we want you to grow your career with us. Promoting from within is not just something we say, but something we do


Hard work is rewarded at Lukka. Our recognition programs are designed with you in mind – we provide free crypto to all new employees for learning purposes


Team events - recent nights have included kickboxing, game night, and happy hour!


In-office Fitness Studio - whether you want to lift, meditate or pedal it out on our Peloton; you’ve got the ability to do so




 So you’ve scrolled, your interest is piqued and hopefully read all of the important things...now what?

 This is an exciting time to join a team that’s at the forefront of this rapidly growing industry. We are looking for people who constantly push themselves to think differently, are ready to face new challenges and chart exciting new paths. If this excites you, apply now!




About the team Are you passionate about building a distributed online data access platform that improves one of life’s most stressful experiences: buying, selling or renting a home? Join a small and highly effective remote-first engineering team that provides seamless data access and technology to build imaginative and innovative ways to help current and future homeowners along their journey.
   Zillow Group is reimagining the way people buy, sell, and rent homes. Used more than any other local real estate platform, Zillow’s website and mobile apps provide vetted and verified listings, plus intuitive search tools and data-driven guides to help people unlock the opportunity of living here.
  
 About the role
 Zillow embraces daunting challenges like this one, and that's why we are looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer like you to help contribute to our success. We are a technology driven group that strives to build products that delight our users. We believe in autonomy and moving fast, so self-motivation and the energy to blaze trails are a must-have for this role.
 As a developer on this team you will:

 Enjoy an outstanding work-life balance!
 Give and receive frequent feedback, promoting a transparent and collaborative environment!
 Work at one of the most highly-rated workplaces, with the resources and stability of a large company but the growth potential and innovation of a small startup!
 Participate in the implementation of web services, operational workflows, and applications that serve as the foundation of the platform for teams across Zillow.
 Love building a product that people enjoy and rely on every single day
 Value how your users (both internal and external) interact and experience the software you write
 Practice operational excellence with a dedication to outstanding, reliable, and easy-to-maintain product

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are

 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 At least six years of full-time experience and very high proficiency programming in Java, C#, Ruby, Python, or JavaScript.
 Experience building and scaling resilient backend services.
 Dedication to great engineering demonstrated through depth and breadth of knowledge
 Collaborative working style with a strong focus on execution and results.
 Curious about new technologies and possess a growth mentality.
 Experience in an iterative approach to software development combined with the drive to move fast and think big
 Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.



Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






About the team Finding your dream home is only the first step in the home-buying process. On the Zillow Mortgages team, we are building products to help educate and empower people through the process of financing their home. Do you want to make a huge impact on lots of real users' lives while working on a small, fast-moving, technology-forward team? If you answered yes, this is the role for you.
  
 About the role
 As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you’ll lead the delivery and ongoing support of projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:

 Contribute to the design of new features.
 Review the code of your peers
 Advocate for standard methodologies
 Facilitate engineering discussions
 Mentor junior engineers
 Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are
 Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you thrive on autonomy, seek out persistent problems, implement effective solutions quickly, and you are:

 A Software Development Engineer with 5+ years of experience with modern development technologies like ES6, React, Typescript that are used to deliver front-end user interfaces.
 Recognized as a technical leader on your team for several years and have an impact beyond your team.
 Passionate about setting standard methodologies and raising the bar for testing, code quality, and maintainability - not only for the team but for the entire engineering organization.
 Ready to improve your skills, solve complex engineering problems, and advance your career!
 Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.




Your Job


    The Marketplace team is making it possible for our enterprise customers to seamlessly connect Indeed’s products to the other tools they use as part of their hiring workflow. Our goal is to remove the friction within our customers’ hiring stack so that they spend less time keeping systems in sync and more time hiring
  


 As a Senior Software Engineer on the Marketplace team, you will help build systems that bring together Indeed’s core platforms to the other third-party systems our customers use. This will include building and consuming APIs, data pipelines, and management tools to connect the dots within Indeed’s partner ecosystem. As a team that sits at the nexus between a diverse set of platforms, we value adaptable developers that can learn new things quickly.
  


 Requirements
  

 Minimum of a BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a closely related computer technical field
 5+ years experience programming with at least one of the following languages: Java, Ruby, Python
 Experience in full-stack web development
 Experience with data stores such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL
 Experience with automated testing and continuous delivery


 Who You Are


    We get excited about candidates who have:
  


 Experience with workflow frameworks such as AWS SWF, AWS Step Functions, Cadence, or Temporal
 Demonstrated use of Kafka, SQS, RabbitMQ, or other messaging frameworks
 Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot.


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine
  

 Reference ID: 33982


Software Engineer (Remote Available)
(US only, EST-PST)
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing home improvement companies in the country. Our success has allowed us to make significant investments in the business to further fuel our growth, including a tech-enabled, end-to-end customer experience platform. We are currently seeking key software engineers to join our dynamic and talented team who can help make our vision and digital transformation a reality. The ideal candidates are energized by building and creating, not just managing tickets. You will have the chance to develop a technology platform from the ground up, alongside a team of highly skilled and dedicated engineers. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow, learn and create with a data-driven, technology focused company that offers excellent compensation, exceptional benefits, and the ability to work remotely, we want to talk to you
Primary Responsibilities As a Software engineer, you will be responsible for building developing, designing, and maintaining a new greenfield frontend system for the enterprise. You will be working closely with our other Software engineers and team of backend developers. The first major project will be working on is a CPQ/ configurator application. · Understanding of UI/UX principles
· Creating highly visible responsive design patterns
· Full software lifecycle of application, from development to release.
· Write clear, maintainable, portable code.
· Build and maintain core components, pipelines, packages, plugins.
· Identifying and fixing code errors and app bottlenecks.
· Developing and building application updates
· Knowledge with issues of web performance, scalability, reliability, and maintainability
Skills
· BS in Computer Science or similar
· Rock solid understanding of modern HTTP application mechanisms, API-first approach, browsers, and servers; communication patterns
· Experience in Vue.js and supporting tools (Vuex, Vue Router, Loader)
· Deep knowledge of Modern ECMAScript including ES6+ features
· Library development experience using plain ES
· Basic CSS proficiency using plain CSS
· Experience building business applications with much data entry, validation, rules
· Experience consuming large API surface areas
· Experience in using Node.js, Webpack and Git
· Strong organizational skills with a good sense of design
· Good communication skills
Nice to have
· JavaScript visualization frameworks is a plus (THREE.js, Greensock animation platform, Pixi.JS)
· Working knowledge or some experience with either Unity development, .Net development or native iOS development
· Experience working with SQL and/or NoSQL databases
We Offer: 
· Competitive pay
· Medical, dental and vision insurance
· Disability insurance
· Health savings account with company contribution
· Health and dependent care flexible savings accounts
· Company-paid life insurance
· 401K with company contribution
· Telemedicine program
· Employee assistance plan
· Employee discount program
· Paid vacation
About Great Day Improvements, LLC
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing vertically integrated, direct-to-consumer providers of branded premium building products. Our popular brands include Patio Enclosures; Stanek Windows; Champion Windows & Home Exteriors; Universal Windows Direct; Apex Energy Solutions energy efficient windows and doors; and Hartshorn Custom Contracting pool enclosures and lanais. In the last 5 years, Great Day Improvements has grown ten times in size and footprint, expanding its workforce to over 2250 employees across 117 locations throughout the United States. The company has been named to REMODELING Magazine’s 550 List and Qualified Remodeler’s Top 500 List, and is among Inc. Magazine’s fastest growing private companies. Great Day Improvements has an excellent reputation with an A+ rating from the BBB and an overall Google rating of 4.5 with thousands of reviews. To learn more, visit www.patioenclosures.com, www.stanekwindows.com, www.championwindow.com, www.universalwindowsdirect.com, www.greatdayimprovements.com, www.hccscreens.com www.apexenergygroup.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Disney Streaming Media Engineering builds the software and systems that prepare media content and metadata for the Disney Streaming platform - providing the best possible playback experience to our viewers.
Media Engineering handles audio, video, and metadata content from ingest through publish - for normalization, processing, and packaging - supporting operator tools and automation for a scalable workflow. We build logic across players and back-end services to measure, control, and optimize playback across our stack.
The Content Management Platform team is seeking a talented Software Engineer II with the drive to advance the technology backbone of Media Engineering. Our team is responsible for acquisition, management and distribution of content from over 1500 partners. We deliver the highest quality video to over a hundred million viewers, and we need your help to expand our systems and create new experiences. As part of this team, you will be responsible for the management of all descriptive metadata on the Content Management Platform. You will use AWS, Docker, Spinnaker, Kubernetes, frameworks such as Spring Boot and Django, and best practices in software engineering.
Responsibilities :

Design well-architected solutions and build iteratively into systems while maintaining the best agile practices
Understand and implement the best engineering practices to write well-constructed and easy to maintain code and write defensive and robust tests
Improve the content ingestion and management system APIs, publishing tools, and workflows; implement scalable and robust data engineering pipelines
Communicate status with peers and/or managers and present views and opinions respectfully. Collaborate to tackle problems in innovative and efficient new ways

Basic Qualifications :

Minimum 2 years of software development experience and proficiency in Java, Python, or similar
Expertise with core Computer Science fundamentals, including Object-Oriented programming, data structures and algorithms
Experience building systems in the Cloud (AWS)
Fundamental understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases including ACID and CAP, horizontally distributed computing, eventual consistency, messaging queues, and search indexes.
An enjoyment for going deep on performance tuning and a love of owning a problem end-to-end
A desire to relentlessly dive into problems and improve systems

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with the Spring Boot Framework
Experience designing and building large scale distributed systems with operational observability
Experience using continuous integration and deployment with regression, load and stress testing
Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning experience (Keras, Tensorflow)

Required Education :

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field) or equivalent work experience

Additional Information :

Location: Santa Monica, CA (preferred) or Remote

#DISNEYTECH
 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.



Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience in software development


 Job summary Our team and technology are responsible for creating hiring solutions for millions of applicants and future Amazonians that will help Amazon stay customer obsessed. We create global solutions that not only scale up in volume, but also handle the complexity of diverse workflows and country specific rules/regulations. Our team is growing rapidly at multiple locations. If you have the drive, tenacity, an entrepreneurial spirit, and most importantly the day 1 spark to take on ambiguous problems head on, in a fast-paced environment, this is the place for you! As part of our growth and expansion, we are setting up brand new teams to build end-to-end hiring solutions on Native AWS from ground up. This solution will handle all phases of hiring process from job creation, search, and application to all the way candidate day 1 experience. Key job responsibilities Design and deliver solutions for stories Write automated tests Analyze operational data to identify opportunities to improve system Keep abreast of best practices and new technologies Collaborate across teams for complex defect resolution A day in the life Attending daily stand-ups Writing tests and code Reviewing teammates' code and giving feedback Taking action on teammates feedback on you own code Meeting with stakeholders on stories Reviewing runtime metrics to monitor the system Identifying opportunities for team or system improvement Writing and updating documentation Periodic team meetings to give input on team strategy and planning About the team We are a team work to design and deliver a system that enables candidates who wants to work for Amazon find a job. We are a remote team working out of Seattle. We are very focused on ensuring that we enable a great candidate experience. Our customers are the candidates themselves who we help through the hiring process. We also work directly with the internal workforce staffing team, data scientists, and other hiring systems to ensure a great candidate experience. We find new ways to use automation to help the hiring process move faster, smoother, and smarter. 
 


Masters in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience
 Deep knowledge of object-oriented design, distributed system architecture, and various AWS technologies.
 Experience of successfully mentoring junior SDEs.
 High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired.
 History of teamwork and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done.
 Experience architecting large-scale multi-tier web applications.

 The pay range for this position in Colorado is $110K - $160k/yr however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

We are looking for a Senior Backend Software Engineer to join our team! Our company is a subsidiary of the Digital Currency Group, and we’re working toward a common goal of empowering a decentralized infrastructure. Our team is passionate about the future of finance and is looking for other like-minded individuals who share in this vision. While we are inclusive and diverse in workforce and style, we all agree that digital assets will change the world.
Responsibilities

Develop and maintain the infrastructure of the mining and staking operations. This includes:
API server
Back-end software for managing Bitcoin wallet and automating transactions. This software interfaces with Bitcoin Core full nodes through the RPC protocol.
Ensure strong system security to protect funds in Bitcoin wallet.
Make sure payment and statistics servers are coded correctly and operating properly.
Ubuntu Linux system administration for servers running in Amazon AWS or colocation datacenter.
Write documentation on how to maintain and troubleshoot the system.
Remain in an on-call rotation with other engineers in the team to troubleshoot critical downtime.
Work closely with product owners, project managers, other development teams, DevOps and infrastructure teams.

About You:

5+ years professional experience in software engineering, software architecture, focused on backend development.
Bachelor's Degree preferred
Passionate about technology and interested in Bitcoin, blockchain, and tech entrepreneurship
Strong understanding of web services, API, databases, I18N, Kafka, and data analysis & reporting
Interest in researching topics related to digital assets, mining, and staking
Have a working knowledge of databases and monitoring and alerting systems
Self-starter, strong problem-solving skills, and ability to meet tight deadlines
Comfortable working in agile and lean project environments
Working knowledge of Bitcoin mining and/or interest to learn development
Preferred Qualifications; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Technical skills

Very strong Java programming skills (5+ years recent professional experience). Kotlin skills a big plus.
Ubuntu Linux system administration
REST/HTTP, JSON/XML, RPC
Database Operations (SQL, NoSQL, Redis)
Cloud servers such as Amazon AWS and Digital Ocean
Experience in operating mining, staking, or running validating node efforts
Microservices architecture
Git version control

What we offer:

The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive salary and benefits
Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.


Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


We are looking for an enthusiastic software developer to join our experienced software design team. You will report directly to the development manager and assist with all functions of software coding and design. Your primary focus will be to learn the codebase, gather user data, and respond to requests from senior developers.
To ensure success as a junior software developer, you should have a good working knowledge of basic programming languages, the ability to learn new technology quickly, and the ability to work in a team environment. Ultimately, a top-class Junior Software Developer provides valuable support to the design team while continually improving their coding and design skills.Software Developer Responsibilities:

Assisting the development manager with all aspects of software design and coding.
Attending and contributing to company development meetings.
Learning the codebase and improving your coding skills.
Writing and maintaining code.
Working on minor bug fixes.
Monitoring the technical performance of internal systems.
Responding to requests from the development team.
Gathering information from consumers about program functionality.
Writing reports.
Conducting development tests.

Software Developer Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science.
Knowledge of basic coding languages including C++, HTML5, and JavaScript.
Basic programming experience.
Knowledge of databases and operating systems.
Good working knowledge of email systems and Microsoft Office software.
Ability to learn new software and technologies quickly.
Ability to follow instructions and work in a team environment.
Detail-oriented.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



About the team Are you passionate about building a distributed online data access platform that improves one of life’s most stressful experiences: buying, selling or renting a home? Join a small and highly effective remote-first engineering team that provides seamless data access and technology to build imaginative and innovative ways to help current and future homeowners along their journey.
   Zillow Group is reimagining the way people buy, sell, and rent homes. Used more than any other local real estate platform, Zillow’s website and mobile apps provide vetted and verified listings, plus intuitive search tools and data-driven guides to help people unlock the opportunity of living here.
  
 About the role
 Zillow embraces daunting challenges like this one, and that's why we are looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer like you to help contribute to our success. We are a technology driven group that strives to build products that delight our users. We believe in autonomy and moving fast, so self-motivation and the energy to blaze trails are a must-have for this role.
 As a developer on this team you will:

 Enjoy an outstanding work-life balance!
 Give and receive frequent feedback, promoting a transparent and collaborative environment!
 Work at one of the most highly-rated workplaces, with the resources and stability of a large company but the growth potential and innovation of a small startup!
 Participate in the implementation of web services, operational workflows, and applications that serve as the foundation of the platform for teams across Zillow.
 Love building a product that people enjoy and rely on every single day
 Value how your users (both internal and external) interact and experience the software you write
 Practice operational excellence with a dedication to outstanding, reliable, and easy-to-maintain product

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are

 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 At least six years of full-time experience and very high proficiency programming in Java, C#, Ruby, Python, or JavaScript.
 Experience building and scaling resilient backend services.
 Dedication to great engineering demonstrated through depth and breadth of knowledge
 Collaborative working style with a strong focus on execution and results.
 Curious about new technologies and possess a growth mentality.
 Experience in an iterative approach to software development combined with the drive to move fast and think big
 Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.



Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






About the team Finding your dream home is only the first step in the home-buying process. On the Zillow Mortgages team, we are building products to help educate and empower people through the process of financing their home. Do you want to make a huge impact on lots of real users' lives while working on a small, fast-moving, technology-forward team? If you answered yes, this is the role for you.
  
 About the role
 As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you’ll lead the delivery and ongoing support of projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:

 Contribute to the design of new features.
 Review the code of your peers
 Advocate for standard methodologies
 Facilitate engineering discussions
 Mentor junior engineers
 Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are
 Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you thrive on autonomy, seek out persistent problems, implement effective solutions quickly, and you are:

 A Software Development Engineer with 5+ years of experience with modern development technologies like ES6, React, Typescript that are used to deliver front-end user interfaces.
 Recognized as a technical leader on your team for several years and have an impact beyond your team.
 Passionate about setting standard methodologies and raising the bar for testing, code quality, and maintainability - not only for the team but for the entire engineering organization.
 Ready to improve your skills, solve complex engineering problems, and advance your career!
 Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.




Your Job


    The Marketplace team is making it possible for our enterprise customers to seamlessly connect Indeed’s products to the other tools they use as part of their hiring workflow. Our goal is to remove the friction within our customers’ hiring stack so that they spend less time keeping systems in sync and more time hiring
  


 As a Senior Software Engineer on the Marketplace team, you will help build systems that bring together Indeed’s core platforms to the other third-party systems our customers use. This will include building and consuming APIs, data pipelines, and management tools to connect the dots within Indeed’s partner ecosystem. As a team that sits at the nexus between a diverse set of platforms, we value adaptable developers that can learn new things quickly.
  


 Requirements
  

 Minimum of a BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a closely related computer technical field
 5+ years experience programming with at least one of the following languages: Java, Ruby, Python
 Experience in full-stack web development
 Experience with data stores such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL
 Experience with automated testing and continuous delivery


 Who You Are


    We get excited about candidates who have:
  


 Experience with workflow frameworks such as AWS SWF, AWS Step Functions, Cadence, or Temporal
 Demonstrated use of Kafka, SQS, RabbitMQ, or other messaging frameworks
 Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot.


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine
  

 Reference ID: 33982


Software Engineer (Remote Available)
(US only, EST-PST)
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing home improvement companies in the country. Our success has allowed us to make significant investments in the business to further fuel our growth, including a tech-enabled, end-to-end customer experience platform. We are currently seeking key software engineers to join our dynamic and talented team who can help make our vision and digital transformation a reality. The ideal candidates are energized by building and creating, not just managing tickets. You will have the chance to develop a technology platform from the ground up, alongside a team of highly skilled and dedicated engineers. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow, learn and create with a data-driven, technology focused company that offers excellent compensation, exceptional benefits, and the ability to work remotely, we want to talk to you
Primary Responsibilities As a Software engineer, you will be responsible for building developing, designing, and maintaining a new greenfield frontend system for the enterprise. You will be working closely with our other Software engineers and team of backend developers. The first major project will be working on is a CPQ/ configurator application. · Understanding of UI/UX principles
· Creating highly visible responsive design patterns
· Full software lifecycle of application, from development to release.
· Write clear, maintainable, portable code.
· Build and maintain core components, pipelines, packages, plugins.
· Identifying and fixing code errors and app bottlenecks.
· Developing and building application updates
· Knowledge with issues of web performance, scalability, reliability, and maintainability
Skills
· BS in Computer Science or similar
· Rock solid understanding of modern HTTP application mechanisms, API-first approach, browsers, and servers; communication patterns
· Experience in Vue.js and supporting tools (Vuex, Vue Router, Loader)
· Deep knowledge of Modern ECMAScript including ES6+ features
· Library development experience using plain ES
· Basic CSS proficiency using plain CSS
· Experience building business applications with much data entry, validation, rules
· Experience consuming large API surface areas
· Experience in using Node.js, Webpack and Git
· Strong organizational skills with a good sense of design
· Good communication skills
Nice to have
· JavaScript visualization frameworks is a plus (THREE.js, Greensock animation platform, Pixi.JS)
· Working knowledge or some experience with either Unity development, .Net development or native iOS development
· Experience working with SQL and/or NoSQL databases
We Offer: 
· Competitive pay
· Medical, dental and vision insurance
· Disability insurance
· Health savings account with company contribution
· Health and dependent care flexible savings accounts
· Company-paid life insurance
· 401K with company contribution
· Telemedicine program
· Employee assistance plan
· Employee discount program
· Paid vacation
About Great Day Improvements, LLC
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing vertically integrated, direct-to-consumer providers of branded premium building products. Our popular brands include Patio Enclosures; Stanek Windows; Champion Windows & Home Exteriors; Universal Windows Direct; Apex Energy Solutions energy efficient windows and doors; and Hartshorn Custom Contracting pool enclosures and lanais. In the last 5 years, Great Day Improvements has grown ten times in size and footprint, expanding its workforce to over 2250 employees across 117 locations throughout the United States. The company has been named to REMODELING Magazine’s 550 List and Qualified Remodeler’s Top 500 List, and is among Inc. Magazine’s fastest growing private companies. Great Day Improvements has an excellent reputation with an A+ rating from the BBB and an overall Google rating of 4.5 with thousands of reviews. To learn more, visit www.patioenclosures.com, www.stanekwindows.com, www.championwindow.com, www.universalwindowsdirect.com, www.greatdayimprovements.com, www.hccscreens.com www.apexenergygroup.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Disney Streaming Media Engineering builds the software and systems that prepare media content and metadata for the Disney Streaming platform - providing the best possible playback experience to our viewers.
Media Engineering handles audio, video, and metadata content from ingest through publish - for normalization, processing, and packaging - supporting operator tools and automation for a scalable workflow. We build logic across players and back-end services to measure, control, and optimize playback across our stack.
The Content Management Platform team is seeking a talented Software Engineer II with the drive to advance the technology backbone of Media Engineering. Our team is responsible for acquisition, management and distribution of content from over 1500 partners. We deliver the highest quality video to over a hundred million viewers, and we need your help to expand our systems and create new experiences. As part of this team, you will be responsible for the management of all descriptive metadata on the Content Management Platform. You will use AWS, Docker, Spinnaker, Kubernetes, frameworks such as Spring Boot and Django, and best practices in software engineering.
Responsibilities :

Design well-architected solutions and build iteratively into systems while maintaining the best agile practices
Understand and implement the best engineering practices to write well-constructed and easy to maintain code and write defensive and robust tests
Improve the content ingestion and management system APIs, publishing tools, and workflows; implement scalable and robust data engineering pipelines
Communicate status with peers and/or managers and present views and opinions respectfully. Collaborate to tackle problems in innovative and efficient new ways

Basic Qualifications :

Minimum 2 years of software development experience and proficiency in Java, Python, or similar
Expertise with core Computer Science fundamentals, including Object-Oriented programming, data structures and algorithms
Experience building systems in the Cloud (AWS)
Fundamental understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases including ACID and CAP, horizontally distributed computing, eventual consistency, messaging queues, and search indexes.
An enjoyment for going deep on performance tuning and a love of owning a problem end-to-end
A desire to relentlessly dive into problems and improve systems

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with the Spring Boot Framework
Experience designing and building large scale distributed systems with operational observability
Experience using continuous integration and deployment with regression, load and stress testing
Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning experience (Keras, Tensorflow)

Required Education :

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field) or equivalent work experience

Additional Information :

Location: Santa Monica, CA (preferred) or Remote

#DISNEYTECH
 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.

We are looking for a Senior Backend Software Engineer to join our team! Our company is a subsidiary of the Digital Currency Group, and we’re working toward a common goal of empowering a decentralized infrastructure. Our team is passionate about the future of finance and is looking for other like-minded individuals who share in this vision. While we are inclusive and diverse in workforce and style, we all agree that digital assets will change the world.
Responsibilities

Develop and maintain the infrastructure of the mining and staking operations. This includes:
API server
Back-end software for managing Bitcoin wallet and automating transactions. This software interfaces with Bitcoin Core full nodes through the RPC protocol.
Ensure strong system security to protect funds in Bitcoin wallet.
Make sure payment and statistics servers are coded correctly and operating properly.
Ubuntu Linux system administration for servers running in Amazon AWS or colocation datacenter.
Write documentation on how to maintain and troubleshoot the system.
Remain in an on-call rotation with other engineers in the team to troubleshoot critical downtime.
Work closely with product owners, project managers, other development teams, DevOps and infrastructure teams.

About You:

5+ years professional experience in software engineering, software architecture, focused on backend development.
Bachelor's Degree preferred
Passionate about technology and interested in Bitcoin, blockchain, and tech entrepreneurship
Strong understanding of web services, API, databases, I18N, Kafka, and data analysis & reporting
Interest in researching topics related to digital assets, mining, and staking
Have a working knowledge of databases and monitoring and alerting systems
Self-starter, strong problem-solving skills, and ability to meet tight deadlines
Comfortable working in agile and lean project environments
Working knowledge of Bitcoin mining and/or interest to learn development
Preferred Qualifications; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Technical skills

Very strong Java programming skills (5+ years recent professional experience). Kotlin skills a big plus.
Ubuntu Linux system administration
REST/HTTP, JSON/XML, RPC
Database Operations (SQL, NoSQL, Redis)
Cloud servers such as Amazon AWS and Digital Ocean
Experience in operating mining, staking, or running validating node efforts
Microservices architecture
Git version control

What we offer:

The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive salary and benefits
Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.


Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience in software development
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar technical field
 4+ years of experience as a Software Development Engineer
 Experience developing automation in at least one of OO languages - Java, C#/C++, Python
 Experience in framework design and development


 Job summary Our team Our team and technology are responsible for creating hiring solutions for millions of applicants and future Amazonians that will help Amazon stay customer obsessed. We create global solutions that not only scale up in volume, but also handle the complexity of diverse workflows and country specific rules/regulations. Our team is growing rapidly at multiple locations. If you have the drive, tenacity, an entrepreneurial spirit, and most importantly the day 1 spark to take on ambiguous problems head on, in a fast-paced environment, this is the place for you! The role As part of our growth and expansion, we are setting up brand new teams to build end-to-end hiring solutions on Native AWS from ground up. This solution will handle all phases of hiring process from job creation, search, and application to all the way candidate day 1 experience. As a Software Development Engineer, you will drive the development of services and assets for an external facing, mobile first, global solution that will be used by millions of applicants aspiring to work at Amazon. You will own automation of business processes using proven as well as evolving AWS services and other technologies to create a friction free customer experience. Your tier-one services will have highest standards and be available 24x7, scale under massive load, and perform consistently. We want you if - · You strive to build highly available, scalable, and performant tier-one services to power responsive, intuitive, and sleek experiences for customers. · You have high standards and drive a culture of excellence, grow and mature a young team to take them to the next level. · You are an excellent communicator, both verbal and written, and equally adept at communicating upwards and downwards. · You are curious, love problem-solving, diving deep, collect data to make well informed decisions, but use sound judgement in the face of insufficient data. · You follow the latest technologies and motivate your teams to innovate. · You have strong leadership qualities, and a track record of delivering great solutions. Key job responsibilities In this role you will - · Be a technical leader that is not afraid to challenge the norms and innovate. · Execute against project plans and delivery commitments. · Develop relationships with internal and external partner teams to move fast. · Help establish the long-term success strategy for your systems, development best practices, and operational excellence processes. · Collaborate with peers to ensure your strategies are in alignment with the rest of the development teams. · Develop junior and new team members by mentoring them on multiple fronts. A day in the life Attending daily stand-ups Writing tests and code Reviewing teammates' code and giving feedback Taking action on teammates feedback on you own code Meeting with stakeholders on stories Reviewing runtime metrics to monitor the system Identifying opportunities for team or system improvement Writing and updating documentation Periodic team meetings to give input on team strategy and planning About the team We are a team of 8-10 engineers who work together to design and deliver a system that enables candidates who wants to work for Amazon find a job. We are very focused on ensuring that we enable a great candidate experience. Our customers are the candidates themselves who we help through the hiring process. We also work directly with the internal workforce staffing team, data scientists, and other hiring systems to ensure a great candidate experience. We find new ways to use automation to help the hiring process move faster, smoother, and smarter. 
 


MS in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience
 Deep knowledge of object-oriented design, distributed system architecture, and various AWS technologies.
 Experience of successfully mentoring junior SDEs.
 High attention to detail and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired.
 History of teamwork and willingness to roll up one’s sleeves to get the job done.
 Experience architecting large-scale multi-tier web applications.

 The pay range for this position in Colorado is $110K - $160k/yr however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

We are looking for an enthusiastic software developer to join our experienced software design team. You will report directly to the development manager and assist with all functions of software coding and design. Your primary focus will be to learn the codebase, gather user data, and respond to requests from senior developers.
To ensure success as a junior software developer, you should have a good working knowledge of basic programming languages, the ability to learn new technology quickly, and the ability to work in a team environment. Ultimately, a top-class Junior Software Developer provides valuable support to the design team while continually improving their coding and design skills.Software Developer Responsibilities:

Assisting the development manager with all aspects of software design and coding.
Attending and contributing to company development meetings.
Learning the codebase and improving your coding skills.
Writing and maintaining code.
Working on minor bug fixes.
Monitoring the technical performance of internal systems.
Responding to requests from the development team.
Gathering information from consumers about program functionality.
Writing reports.
Conducting development tests.

Software Developer Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science.
Knowledge of basic coding languages including C++, HTML5, and JavaScript.
Basic programming experience.
Knowledge of databases and operating systems.
Good working knowledge of email systems and Microsoft Office software.
Ability to learn new software and technologies quickly.
Ability to follow instructions and work in a team environment.
Detail-oriented.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



   Your Future Evolves Here
  



     Evolent Health has a bold mission to change the health of the nation by changing the way health care is delivered. Evolenteers make a difference wherever they are, whether it is at a medical center, in the office, or while working from home across 48 states. We empower you to work from where you work best, which makes juggling careers, families, and social lives so much easier. Through our recognition programs, we also highlight employees who live our values, give back to our communities each year, and are champions for bringing their whole selves to work each day. If you’re looking for a place where your work can be personally and professionally rewarding, don’t just join a company with a mission. Join a mission with a company behind it.
   


     Why We’re Worth the Application:
   

 We continue to grow year over year.
 Recognized as a leader in driving important 
     
      diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) efforts
     .
 Achieved a 100% score two years in a row on the 
     
      Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index
      making us a best place to work for LGBTQ+ equality.
 Named to Parity.org’s 
     
      2020 list of the best companies for women to advance
     .
 Continued to prioritize the employee experience and achieved an 87% overall engagement score on our last employee survey.
 Published an annual 
     
      DE&I report
      to share our progress on how we’re building an equitable workplace.



     What You’ll Be Doing:
   



    Who You’ll Be Working With:
  

    Risk adjustment, STARS and Quality (RASQ) Performance metrics are essential for a health plan to maintain and improve in healthcare. The RASQ Platform team at Evolent Health provides industry-leading solutions for clients in Medicare Advantage, Next Generation ACOs, ACA Exchanges, and Medicaid. If you want a part of solving one of the most interesting quantitative challenges in healthcare today, like we do, then the RASQ Platforms team is the place for you.
  


    What You’ll Do:
  

    The Software Engineer, RASQ Platforms, will be working with a highly motivated team of software engineers to develop and maintain RASQ platform capabilities.
  

 Contribute to existing codebases written in NodeJS, and MongoDB as part of a MERN stack
 Participate in product architecture, and cloud services implementations
 Pioneer future enhancements to continually improve product, including back-end, and infrastructure enhancements
 Work in an agile, collaborate environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our customers
 Create highly scalable applications taking advantage of cloud services (Azure) with high degree of performance, security, and stability
 Open to working with different technology stacks in the future, such as .NET Core.


    Preferred Experience We Look For:
  

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field, or equivalent industry experience
 Minimum 2+ years of experience developing RESTful APIs with NodeJS, Express JS, and Typescript.
 Familiarity with ReactJS within a MERN stack environment.
 Strong knowledge of the Object-Oriented concepts and design patterns.
 Experience working on GitHub/Azure Git, BitBucket or similar versioning tools
 Experience setting up or assisting DevOps engineering with CI/CD pipelines
 Work with other developers on building various functions and features. Collaborate with cross-functional team members and product owner to plan user-stories and prioritize tasks
 Ability to work remotely, multitask, prioritize, adapt to change, work well under pressure in an entrepreneurial environment, meet deadlines, and manage a project from start to finish
 Experience working with healthcare datasets including claims, encounters, eligibility, Risk Adjustment and Quality/HEDIS measures
 Knowledge of working with SQL and NoSQL databases



 Technical Requirements:
  


    Currently, Evolent employees work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19. As such, we require that all employees have the following technical capability at their home: High speed internet over 10 Mbps and, specifically for all call center employees, the ability to plug in directly to the home internet router. These at-home technical requirements are subject to change with any scheduled re-opening of our office locations.
  


    Evolent Health is committed to the safety and wellbeing of all its employees, partners and patients and complies with all applicable local, state, and federal law regarding COVID health and vaccination requirements. Evolent expects all employees to also comply. We currently require all employees who may voluntarily return to our Evolent offices to be vaccinated and invite all employees regardless of vaccination status to remain working from home. Certain jobs require face-to-face interaction with our providers and patients in client facilities or homes. Employees working in such roles will be required to meet our vaccine requirements without exception or exemption.
  


    Evolent Health is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants equally without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or disability status.
  
 Compensation Range: The minimum salary for this position is $110000, plus benefits. Salaries are determined by the skill set required for the position and commensurate with experience and may vary above and below the stated amounts.
 


Medidata: Power Smarter Treatments and Healthier People
 Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,900+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @medidata.
 Your Mission: 
The Java Full Stack Applications Engineer will be primarily responsible for providing Design, Development, Improvement, Troubleshooting and Maintenance for the web-based Clinical trial application, Rave Imaging. The successful Engineer will be solution oriented, adapt to changing environments, and able to work with minimal defined requirements while continuously raising the standard of quality in our products and services in a full solutions-oriented SaaS environment.  As an Applications Engineer you will have the opportunity to work as an individual contributor as part of an Agile team that is delivering technical upgrades and enhancements to existing Java web applications and web services.
 Your Competencies: You will work at the highest levels taking the product through the entire lifecycle of analysis, design, coding, testing and implementation and support. You will develop software applications and associated artifacts such as unit tests, installation programs and test automation code. You will apply good technical practices such as continuous integration, test automation, source code control and review. You will write code predominantly in Java using Eclipse or IntelliJ IDE. Databases used are MongoDB, SQL and Amazon S3 for storage and you will be required to read from, write to and query the databases as required for the applications. AngularJS and ReactJS are the JavaScript-based front-end web application framework used for the Commercial Imaging software, and Echo is the legacy server-side Java UI framework used by the Clinical Imaging software. 

Provide diagnostic support, identify root causes and bug fixing to the regulated clinical trial application and commercial web applications as well as the tools used in conjunction with the applications: File Transfer Agents, Imaging Director, restful API.
 Participating in code reviews and making recommendations on requirements and standard methodologies.
 Utilize appropriate Agile methods to solve problems in an accurate and efficient manner.
 Follow Medidata’s Standard Operating Procedures to ensure all software meets regulatory and company requirements.
 Work with Agile team members, particularly Software Quality Assurance and Product Management, to write clear, concise and comprehensive feature files.
 Participate in Agile working practices such as daily scrum meetings, sprint planning meetings, reviews and retrospectives
 Submit pull requests through GitHub and respond appropriately to any issues with the build, unit tests or code reviews.
 Effectively communicates technical information and processes to relevant partners (e.g., cross-functional groups, clients)
 Identify tasks in planning, contribute to scenario writing, and actively contribute at retrospectives

 Your Education and Experience: 

Bachelor’s degree or higher in CS or MIS or equivalent experience in related roles
 3-5 years of Java, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and MSQL
 AngularJS, ReactJS, JQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, Junit, package management are a plus
 Experience with AWS, S3 preferred
 Java Rules Engine API and Drools knowledge are a plus
 Schema-less databases, such as MongoDB helpful
 SQL Development (Stored Procedures, Views, Query Optimization, etc.)
 Experience developing and/or maintaining a production application
 Code repositories such as GitHub
 Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins/Hudson
 Eclipse or IntelliJ
 Familiarity using bug-tracking tools such as Jira
 Strong analytical and debugging skills
 Experience with TDD and BDD
 Experience working in a regulated environment with clinical trials data and CDISC standards a plus
 Understanding of Agile methods such as Scrum preferred
 Flexible, independent and self-motivated
 Strong communication and collaboration skills
 SaaS/SOA application design with modern web frameworks
 Service-Oriented Architecture (REST, SOAP, JSON, XML and related technologies)


 Medidata requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and to provide documentation of full vaccination, unless qualified for an accommodation as determined by Medidata, consistent with applicable law. Although accommodation requests will be considered (and granted where appropriate/possible), it may be determined that a candidate is unable to adequately perform the essential functions of the position without imposing an undue hardship on Medidata due to customer requirements, staffing needs, or other business reasons.
 Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.  #LI-EM1


We are seeking a passionate, heavy-hitting, Back-End Software Engineer to join our team. In this important role, you will join a strong and energized Agile team utilizing the latest and greatest in cutting edge technology to make a measurable impact on our organization.
The Software Engineer is a solid, positive, and innovative individual who thrives in a group with a small-team but big-ideas mentality and a lot of meaningful collaboration between engineers, product managers, and designers. Working on projects that are the lifeblood of the organization, your confidence and background in system architecture and coding in full platform build outs will allow you to thrive in a culture that supports you and your ideas.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Build robust and scalable software in a major programming language like PHP, JavaScript, Ruby, Scala, Java, GoLang, etc.
Design and create services and system architecture for your projects, and contribute and provide feedback to other team members
Help improve our code quality through writing unit tests, automation and performing code reviews
Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute ideas to our technology, algorithms and products
Work with the product and design teams to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and then translate that into a pragmatic and effective technical solution
Dive into difficult problems and successfully deliver results on schedule

LOCATION : 

Flexible work environment - hybrid (if near an office) or 100% remote

SKILLS AND ATTRIBUTES

A track record of projects completed on time – you are a flawless executor, not a procrastinator
Solid OOP and software design knowledge – you should know how to create software that’s extensible, reusable and meets desired architectural objectives

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE 

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline
2+ years of professional software engineering experience
2+ years of recent hands-on coding and software design
Experience with GoLang or Ruby, and the willingness to learn new technologies (experience with other object-oriented languages is okay too, but our code is Java, Ruby and GoLang, so you should be able to get up-to-speed on at least one of them quickly)
Experience with Linux/Unix and scripting languages like Python, Perl, shell scripting, etc.​

Dynata is the world’s largest first-party data platform for insights, activation and measurement. With a reach that encompasses over 62 million consumers and business professionals globally, and an extensive library of individual profile attributes collected through surveys, Dynata is the cornerstone for precise, trustworthy quality data. The company has built innovative data services and solutions around its robust first-party data offering to bring the voice of the customer to the entire marketing continuum – from strategy, innovation, and branding to advertising, measurement, and optimization. Dynata serves more than 6,000 market research, media and advertising agencies, publishers, consulting and investment firms and corporate customers in North America, South America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. Learn more at www.dynata.com.
At Dynata, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. Dynata welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. We are committed to an inclusive work culture for all our employees. Accommodations by request can be made for all aspects of the selection process.
Dynata is also an affirmative action employer OE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,522.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

PHP: 2 years (Preferred)
Go: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
WHAT IS BOX?
Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.

By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 98,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud.

WHY BOX NEEDS YOU

Box is growing fast. Real fast. Every business in the world is looking to modernize the way they work. As the leader in cloud content management, Box helps enterprises transform how people work together. We have the power to help our customers upload faster, be more creative, and get work done more efficiently. Every code iteration makes an impact, and together we will change the world.

In order to transform the way people and organizations work, we need to rapidly bring to market new products and features. Box is a lot more than just file storage, syncing, and sharing. Our product offers many features to companies that enable them to trust Box with their most sensitive content and make them productive within and outside their organization. In turn, Box Engineering needs to rapidly build critical business delivering applications that can power those products and features at scale.

Our Fullstack Engineering organization is made up of many different teams that you can join. Whether you enjoy working on building new tools and APIs to help users get their work done faster, or have a passion for building out enterprise products and features that are able to handle complex use-cases in a robust and easy-to-use way, we'll help find the right team for you and what you're interested in doing. As a whole, we have big ambitions and truly value impact, as well as tackling huge problems - if this excites you, then come join us!

We're looking for engineers who are passionate about owning and driving projects end-to-end, collaborating with stakeholders across the business, and delivering a delightful experience to our customers.
OUR APPS FOUNDATION TEAM
Our Apps Foundation Team is responsible for implementing features and architectural improvements that enable other teams to build web and mobile apps efficiently.
The goal of this team is to make feature development faster and easier across teams.
WHAT YOU'LL DO
Work across organizational and team boundaries in order to drive decisions that align with our future architecture, product, and business goals.
Work on significant technology initiatives from inception to successful deployment, across multiple layers of architecture.
Build platforms and services that enable our application developers to focus on building awesome products and do their best work.
Write detailed technical documentation that can convey architectural and product details in a way that can be consumed by the various application teams that use them.
Make architectural improvements as well as maintain existing functionality in the legacy codebases.
WHO YOU ARE
Passionate about solving hard problems using data-driven solutions
You like to be an owner and strive to do work you're proud of, both technically and in your team interactions
Inspire other people to work with you, and enjoy mentoring, coaching, and learning from other engineers
Understand the importance of balancing security, performance, and usability
Passionate about building delightful customer-facing experiences.
Excitement toward web architectures, spanning front-end and back-end layers
Experience decomposing monolithic applications into service oriented architectures
Deep understanding of algorithms, data structures and software design
Knowledge of any modern object-oriented or functional programming language, such as: Java, Scala, PHP, JavaScript, React Node.js, etc
2-3+ years of experience, with a Bachelors Degree (in CS) or equivalent
Remote friendly

WANT TO LEARN MORE?
Immerse yourself in the Box Platform: Create a developer account at developer.box.com
Box Engineers share on opensource.box.com
Get under the hood, comment on your favorite architecture deep-dive at tech.blog.box.com
Grab a free account and make your content more valuable: Hit us up at box.com
And check out some of the work our specific teams have done:
"Security: Access Controls and Visibility" and "Security: Governance and Compliance"
More info on Governance
For information about Box Tasks and Automations, check out the announcement and demo from BoxWorks 2018
And read more on streamlining collaborative work with Box Tasks and Automations
BENEFITS
Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting healthcare benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box
For all other benefits, please check out: Box Benefits + Perks
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, and any other protected ground of discrimination under applicable human rights legislation. Box strives to respect the dignity and ‎‎independence of people with disabilities and is committed to giving them the same ‎‎opportunity to succeed as all other employees. Accommodations are available ‎throughout ‎the application process and an employee's employment at Box.
HEALTH AND SAFETY
To promote the health and safety of all Boxers and our communities, in order to "Go to Work" at Box in the U.S., you must be Fully Vaccinated or have an approved accommodation. "Go(ing) to Work" at Box is defined as visiting a Box office, facility, or co-working site, visiting or meeting in person with fellow Boxers, Box clients and/or customers, vendors, or partners, engaging in business travel, and or participating in any Box-sponsored and/or related activity where others are present. If you are fully remote and do not "Go to Work," the vaccination requirement is not applicable. "Fully Vaccinated" means that an individual is at least two weeks past their final dose of an authorized COVID-19 vaccine regimen. If you are unable to get a vaccine due to a medical condition, a sincerely-held religious belief or another legally recognized reason, Box will consider requests for an accommodation.
For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.
Notice to applicants in San Francisco: Box, Inc and its related branches will consider for employment, qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chair Ordinance. The Fair Chance Ordinance is provided here.Piper Companies is seeking a qualified Senior Frontend Engineer to join a great team with a growing computer and network security company on a REMOTE basis. The Senior Frontend Engineer will be tasked with bridging the gap between design and development and collaborating with multiple teams to bring products to life. This role plays a critical role in taking the platform to the next phase in its evolution.
Responsibilities of the Senior Frontend Engineer:
Proactively contribute ideas for new features, as well as identify areas for improvement
Design, test, and deploy new web services and customer-facing interfaces
Design internal tools to be used in the support, sales, customer success, and operations
Develop and implement automated tests to ensure the quality and ongoing reliability
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support engineering projects
Proactively participate in and improve our development process (CI/CD, backlog refinement, code reviews, monitoring)
Own entire feature sets: definition, design, and development
Assist in building the core frontend infrastructure for our engineering team
Qualifications of the Senior Frontend Engineer:
5+ years of industry experience as a Frontend or Full Stack developer
Expert in JavaScript, CSS, HTML, React and Redux
Strong in Node.js and Express.js
Experience in data visualization (D3)
Experience with the latest frontend skills, such as Accessibility, Flexbox, ES6, WebSockets, etc.
Experience with responsive and reactive design
Ability to convert a design document into a working user interface
Knowledge of APIs and relational database systems
Compensation for the Senior Frontend Engineer:
$100-160,000
Excellent compensation package: healthcare, dental, vision, life insurance, 401k, and equity in the company
6 weeks PTO (3 weeks company stand down)
Keywords: Frontend, Front-end, Full Stack, data visualization, user interface, UI, UX, full stack, Javascript, HTML, CSS, React, Reactjs, Redux, Node.js, Typescript, Python, GraphQL, D3 and/or popular charting packages, APIS, equity, start up, start-up, cyber security, network security
Description: Boulder Heavy Industries (BHI) is seeking a Senior Back-End Software Engineer (Python/TypeScript) to join our engineering team. Your role is important as your expertise will push our application and team forward. Our growing SaaS platform provides advertising technology to everyday folks for a variety of companies. Your work will drive engagement through ecommerce and will be a key component on which major well-known brands rely. Your work will also be seen across major social networks. With BHI, you are not a number, your work & personality will have a clear impact on our team and customers. (www.mylocalhero.co)You will be joining a small but talented team who likes to have fun but takes their engineering work seriously. Yes, we are looking for a senior level engineer, but we don’t expect you to know everything all the time. Great coding is about always pushing forward and growing as an individual. Your experience, adaptability, and collaboration will be rewarded with great culture and a team that respects your hard work. Would you like to put all your skills to use? Your new role is about business, culture, and engineering – bring it.Remote Role: If you do not live in our beautiful state of Colorado, we are open to 100% remote candidates in most states.Boulder Heavy Industries is a collective of marketing companies born from a shared commitment to pushing the boundaries of modern growth strategies. Housed under one roof, the businesses at BHI service startup, growth-stage and enterprise-level brands.The ideal candidate: 

Minimum 4 years proven experience as a senior back-end engineer using Python & Flask
Minimum 3 years proven experience with TypeScript, JavaScript & NodeJS
Minimum 4 years proven experience in designing, implementing, debugging, and testing software applications.
Minimum 3 years proven experience with SQL and NoSQL databases
Proficiency in software architecture, coding patterns, coding best practices & conducting code reviews
Working knowledge of AWS, mainly services such as SQS, CodeBuild, ECS, Lambda & others
Working knowledge of Linux, bash, shell scripting and background task management
Working knowledge of RESTful interfaces
Familiarity with Agile/SCRUM working environment
Reliable and self-directed, you know what needs to get done
Willingness to mentor & help junior to mid-level engineers
Strong communication & collaboration skills

A day in the life: 

You’ll have focus time during the day to sink your mind into your coding work.
You’ll attend a stand-up meeting to provide updates and inform of any blockers that may disrupt your work.
You’ll engage in a productive conversation regarding a coding methodology and explain the reasoning behind a decision in the business logic.
You’ll hotfix a bug and receive kudos from multiple teams.
You’ll speak up at a “retrospective” where we learn from our sprints and talk about issues that we might improve all while cracking a few jokes.
While eating dinner, it’ll occur to you that you need to add another 2 methods to that interface from this afternoon.

. Requirements: Here's what you need to get our attention: 

You enjoy challenging work – great software is not easy and you’re hungry for a serious win.
You have an approachable yet professional personality, you communicate well and can articulate a point within a complex issue.
You can discuss your experiences as senior level engineer.
You have experience providing guidance and/or leadership to other engineers.
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering or related degree – or equivalent work experience: If you have a four-year degree, that’s great; we care more about your past experience and ability to do the job, so please apply even if you don’t have a degree.

Here's what will make us call you for sure, but you don’t need all of these: 

Proficiency in developing, maintaining and deploying SaaS applications
Experience with front-end development using React or other front-end frameworks
Experience with software architecture, performance, and optimization
Business, startup, or entrepreneurial experience
Experience with Go (Golang)
Experience using Kubernetes and/or Docker
High-level experience with user authentication and security
Working knowledge and routine usage of Atlassian Jira & Confluence
Entrepreneurial/Start-up mindset or understanding and exposure to business

And if we haven't convinced you yet, here is why you'll want to be part of our team: We aren't just in the most beautiful city in the world (in our humble opinion), but a place where fun isn’t a 4-letter word:

We have top-notch engineering culture with team members who have your back!
100% remote or you may come into our beautiful offices if you’re near Boulder, CO (our in-house happy hours are always fun).
Time off is as important as hard work! Salaried employees are on a Flex PTO plan and hourly employees receive a standard 15 days of PTO, with increasing accruals the longer they stay with us.
Generous holidays including a reduced schedule between Christmas and New Year’s.
We make sure our team is well cared for with strong health plans - We even cover our employees' dental and vision premiums!
Access to Flexible Spending Accounts Plan
Matching traditional and Roth 401k
Employee Assistance Program
Supplemental leave: self-care and family first!
4-week paid sabbatical after 10 years of service
Life Insurance
Travel Assistance and more
Dogs are welcome

Salary range: $135K-$145K DOECOME AS YOU ARE: your gender, your gods, your sex life, your skin color or your big shot uncle don't make a difference here. BHI, LLC is a progressive and open-minded meritocracy. If you're smart and good at what you do, come as you are.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Found is a modern weight care platform and community focused on integrated support. According to a recent CDC study, nearly 50% of Americans want to lose weight, and on average, Americans have gained 30 lbs during the pandemic. But the existing weight loss industry focuses on shame - if you don't have the willpower to eat less and workout more, you aren't trying hard enough.

Modern science shows us that weight care is complex - food and movement are important, but so are hormones, genetics, sleep, stress, mental health, and daily habits. Found's unique approach incorporates personalized coaching, an online community, and if indicated, medical and prescription solutions.

Research shows that addressing weight health reduces the long-term risk of diabetes, heart disease, and some forms of cancer. We believe in giving our community tools that will help them add years to their lives and reach their goals. We believe it's not just what you've lost, it's what you've Found. Found has raised more than $130mm from leading investors, including Atomic, GV, WestCap, IVP, TCG, Define Ventures and more.
The Opportunity

We are looking for a few exceptional software engineers to help us build out our mobile application experience that drives the foundation of the Found program.


What You'll Do

Work with design and product to build a first class mobile experience that combines the best aspects of telehealth, health coaching, and social networks
Be part of the first few mobile hires at Found with the ability to own massive swaths of our mobile app which is core to our success
Help build and contribute to a high-performance engineering culture

What You Have

Professional software engineering experience developing mobile applications
Familiarity and passion for working with React Native
Passion for working in a rapidly growing business with curiosity, humility, humor, and professionalism
Experience working cross-functionally with other engineers, product managers, and designers
A team oriented personality, bias to action, excellent communication skills
A strong work ethic and the desire to work at an early stage startup
A desire to improve yourself and be a positive influence on those around you
An instinctive desire to write quality code, the humility to understand and improve existing code, and the judgment to make tradeoffs between elegance and efficiency

Bonus Points

Previous experience building health/wellness or social/community based applications
Previous experience working on applications with 100k+ MAUs
Full stack experience working with Node.js
What You'll Get
Competitive compensation
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
PTO, company-paid holidays, parental leave
401K, wellness and wifi perks
Flexible, remote-first work culture

Found is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We seek and celebrate diversity in its many forms. If you're excited about this opportunity but do not meet 100% of the qualifications, we encourage you to apply.

Please review our CCPA policies.
WHO WE ARE
Tealium is the most trusted and world’s largest independent customer data platform. Tealium connects customer data – spanning web, mobile, offline, and IoT devices — so brands can connect with their customers. Tealium’s turnkey integration ecosystem supports more than 1,300 client-side and server-side vendors and technologies, empowering brands to create a unified, real-time customer data infrastructure.
Tealium’s customer data solutions encompass tag management, an API hub, a customer data platform with machine learning and AI, and data management solutions that make customer data more valuable, actionable, and secure. Tealium has been a trusted provider of customer data solutions for more than a decade, and more than 850 top businesses worldwide including Microsoft, Hyatt, Gap, HSBC and Novartis rely on Tealium to power their customer data strategies.
Team Tealium works and lives across the U.S. and in nearly 20 countries across the world. We are intentional about our culture, our investment in our team members and how we care and connect.
Tealium = Teal + Helium. Teal: a vibrant reflection that evokes authenticity, trustworthiness, reliability, open communication and clarity of thought. Helium: we rise above, a kinetic force that elevates our customers’ and our experiences beyond all others.
We win together with respect and appreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people who contribute to each of these.
*WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: *
The Mid-Level Java Software Engineer position will be responsible for designing and implementing software solutions aimed at solving real-time, customer data delivery challenges. Through seamless inbound and outbound connectors with major digital marketing vendors, Tealium's UDH allows our customers to take action on their visitors in real-time based on behavior. This lets them maximize the value from each visitor by creating personalized content and product offers, as well as highly targeted re-marketing campaigns.We are open to remote candidates.
*YOUR DAY TO DAY: *
Working closely with other software engineers, architects, operations engineers, and product managers. Participating in our Agile/SCRUM process. Creating designs to support short, iterative delivery cycles. Contributing to architectural design decisions. Participating in operational related discussions. Contributing to test plans. Conducting and participating in group code reviews, ensuring high-quality coding standards across the team. Designing maintainable, testable code with high test coverage requirements. Adding integration and acceptance test coverage to new features. Evaluating and investigating alternatives to existing solutions, proposing new designs and technologies.
*WHY YOU ARE THE PERFECT FIT: *
*BS, MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline.

3+ years Java development experience.
Strong knowledge of modern software engineering principles, patterns and best-practices
Understanding of micro-services architectures.
Experience designing and supporting high traffic, highly available systems.
Strong communication skills. The ability to effectively explain technical concepts to team members, architects and team leads.
Extensive experience deploying software to a cloud platform environment. AWS, GCP, and Azure
Understanding of modern Dev-Ops concepts. Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless, Terraform.
Experience with NoSQL, as well as relational data stores. DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, Mysql, RedshiftDB, Redis, Cassandra, Snowflake, etc.
Experience with distributed messaging and streaming technologies, RabbitMQ, Kinesis, Kafka.
Some exposure to Hadoop, Hive, Spark, PrestoDB.
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision.

At Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary:

Tealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at Tealium
Mosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countries
Tealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annually
Tealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environment
Tealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants
Tealium Time, unlimited paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidays
Healium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellness
Healium Be-Well Break, an annual all-company paid shutdown to provide a true break for us all
Tealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programs
Health and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programs

Collectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences, heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form the mosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.
The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity.
#LI-Remote

Offerings vary by level and location.

Job Type: Full-time

Must reside in USA
Must be able to work without any sponsorship.
Must have
required

Software engineering using JavaScript (REACT)/HTML/CSS3 (4+ years)
4+ years experience in any of the following:
with Relational Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL or equivalent)
Production experience with AWS or GCP
Cloud-based environment
Agile development
REST API's / Backend services integrations

Responsibilities include
*

: 1. Responsible for development of highly-responsive, web-based user interface
2. Understand the pitfalls of displaying vast amounts of data and how to work around them
3. Work and collaborate with the rest of the Engineering team
4. Work collaboratively with the Product team including Product Managers and Designers
5. Solid understanding of user interactions
6. Develop a flexible and well-structured frontend architecture, along with the APIs to support it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Front-end development: 4 years (Preferred)
REST API's / Backend services integrations: 4 years (Preferred)
Angular: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits
We’re looking for full-stack developers with a strong mix of back-end and front-end skills to join our team. This is a full-time position, with slots available for junior, intermediate, and senior level talent.
As part of our team, you’ll be involved in all facets of the software development lifecycle, including R&D, brainstorming/planning, feature implementations, squashing bugs, and maintaining code repositories. We are looking for a self-starter who excels under minimal supervision, and can bring value to our team early on.
Responsibilities and Duties

Develop both front-end and back-end architectures
Design and develop APIs (internal and external)
Collaborate with our creative team in bringing their prototypes to life
Improve upon existing code bases
Talk with stakeholders about the projects you work on
Create documentation on the code you create
Occasional weekend 911 calls (very rare)
Assist/Mentor junior developers (if senior)

Our Go-To Tech Stack:

Laravel
Vue
AWS
PostgreSQL/MySQL
Redis
Git
Segment

Requirements

Strongproblem-solving skills
Ability to write SOLID and DRY code
Passion for staying up to date with the latest design patterns and technologies
Strong understanding of multiple design patterns (such as Object Oriented, Functional, Declarative/Imperative, MVC, SPA)
Familiar with working with databases with both ORMs and raw queries
Identifying performance bottlenecks (front-end and back-end)
Proficiency with fundamental front-end languages (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)
Proficiency in modern JavaScript frameworks such as Vue
Ability to balance code quality and organization standards with project timelines

An ideal candidate would have recent experience with any or all of the following:

The digital marketing industry
Laravel, Vue
Event Sourcing
React Native
Svelte, TailwindCSS
CI/CD pipelines
Managing AWS infrastructure
BI / Reporting suites (such as Databox)
JAMstack and Serverless design patterns
Optimizing website lighthouse scores
SEO and/or user tracking tools like Google Analytics and Segment
Shopify Liquid

Perks
You’re obviously a top-notch developer with plenty of options. You are probably wondering, what’s in it for me?

Flexible work schedule - We want you coding when you are at your best. You will be expected to be available during traditional business hours, but aside from that, when you code is up to you.
Room to grow - You will be coming onboard at a great time. Cape & Bay has experienced major growth in the last few years—so much so that we are looking for larger office space to accommodate our rapidly growing team.
Competitive compensation - We offer solid wages, great healthcare options and strive to empower our staff to push further. Continued educationopportunities are available at every turn, with enrichment programs to boot.

Cape & Bay is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Your Right to Work: In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Education:

High school or equivalent (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 2 years (Preferred)
PHP: 2 years (Preferred)
MVC: 2 years (Preferred)
Laravel: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Senior Software Engineer (Windows Graphics Rendering)
Required Skills

C/C++ SW development
Experience with the Windows graphics rendering pipeline
GPU programming with DirectX, Vulkan, CUDA, Direct Compute, OpenGL, or OpenCL
Significant experience with DirectShow, DirectDraw, Microsoft Media Foundation, Windows Composition API, HLSL, or Win2D
Knowledge of real-time stream solutions (e.g. RTP)

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $84,522.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

C/C++ SW development: 6 years (Preferred)
Windows graphics: 6 years (Preferred)
Win2D and CUDA: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Software Architect for a world leading technology organization. The Software Architect will be responsible for the overall architecture of a go to market software and cloud based solution. An ideal candidate for the Software Architect will have earlier career experience as a software developer working into a software architecture role.

 Responsibilities for the Software Architect include: 

 Provide overall technical leadership and architectural guidance to multiple Agile teams
 Design and implement scalable architectural software and cloud based solutions 
 Write and provide clear documentation of the architecture 
 Research new technologies and make technology decisions

 
Requirements for the Software Architect include: 

 Proven software architecture experience architecting cloud native enterprise scalable solutions
 Previous professional java development experience and understanding of OO best practices
 Strong understanding of microservices architecture and data security best practices
 Experience with Azure or AWS 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering preferred or relevant work experience

 
Compensation of the Software Architect: $170,000 - $225,000 plus a comprehensive benefits package

 
 

 No relocation assistance, sponsorship, or C2C arrangements available

 
Keywords: Software Architect, Sr. Software Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Java Developer, Sr. Java Engineer, Sr. Full Stack Developer, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REACT, Angular, REST, Microservices, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Arlington, Virginia, Washington DC





We are looking for experienced Dynamics 365 Business Central / Dynamics NAV (Navision) Senior Software Developers. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available. Work Remotely or out of one of our east coast offices.
 Candidates should have extensive experience with implementation and customer support of Accounting, Distribution and Manufacturing software at U.S. based companies. They must be resourceful, knowledgeable, dedicated, energetic and professional. They should be able to deliver outstanding results, exceed expectations, meet deadlines, and ensure that our customers are extremely satisfied.
 We are a leading provider of turn-key business management software solutions and related services (www.abcsi.com). With very experienced, knowledgeable, dedicated, and professional consultants and software developers, and with a proven implementation methodology, we help our customers to increase productivity, efficiency, market share, customer satisfaction, sales, and profits.
 Details about our offerings can be found here: https://conta.cc/3j6bv8n. With offices in New York, New Jersey, and Florida, we provide implementation and customer support services to small and midsize companies in the United States. As a Microsoft Authorized Business Partner we implement state-of-the-art business software, and are committed to Quality, Service and Customer Satisfaction.
 Key Responsibilities

Participate in ERP Software implementation projects for new and current customers.
You will be in charge of customizing the software as per each customer’s requirements. Responsibilities include writing specifications, programming, testing, consulting, analysis, data conversion, processing upgrades and providing customer support.
Analyze and document business requirements, and conduct fit gap analysis studies.
Work in a dynamic, challenging, and fast paced environment.
Work well as part of the implementation team dedicated to delivering quality results on time and within budget, and exceed customers’ expectations.

Requirements

Strong presentation, communication, administration, and interpersonal skills.
Minimum of three years of Microsoft Dynamics Software Development Experience.
Strong understanding of ERP software and related terminology, functionality, best practices, processes, and business rules. Including areas such as Inventory & Warehouse Management, Costing, Financials, Manufacturing, Service, Purchasing, Sales, CRM, and Fixed Assets.
Must be dedicated, ethical, organized, professional, and a true team player.
Applicants must possess a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree.
Must be a United States citizen or permanent resident (green card holder).
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
Experience with SSRS, SQL Server, Office 365, SharePoint, EDI, Azure, and Power BI is a big plus.
Accounting background with a solid grasp of general accounting principles is required.
Candidate needs to be a self-starter and should be able to work independently for the majority of their tasks with little help/guidance from their manager.
Occasional travel may be required.




Very Competitive Salary and Bonuses. Health & Dental Insurance. 401K with Company Contributions. Pleasant and Professional Work Environment. Outstanding Growth Opportunities. Competitive Hourly Rates for Subcontractors. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. No Recruiters Please.
 All resumes must be in PDF format.



*** Only W2 Payroll***
***Answer all the screening questions to be shortlisted***
Responsibilities

Lead a DevOps team building automated infrastructure-as-code pipelines on AWS.
Define governance policies and procedures for running workloads in AWS.
Design reusable components for provisioning cloud resources in accordance with governance policies.
Collaborate with existing operations teams to align pre-established standards and procedures with DevOps techniques and best practices.
Participate in architecture reviews and support migration of on-premise applications to the cloud architecture.
Drive scope, planning and estimation discussions, check on progress and provide regular updates to management and stakeholders.

Requirements

Professional experience (4-8 years) in the following areas:
Developing and supporting continuous integration tools (e.g. Jenkins)
Developing and running applications in AWS (e.g. EC2, Lambda, ECS)Work with source code repositories and tools (e.g. Git)
Developing and provisioning infrastructure as code with Terraform, Ansible & Packer.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: From $65,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
GitHub takes pride in providing industry-leading support to our Enterprise and Developer customers. The Digital Customer Success team is a globally distributed team of engineers and program managers that work to improve the GitHub customer experience. We build and ship products that are core to the GitHub support process, and reduce support issues by intelligently automating manual processes.

We’re looking for an experienced, empathetic engineering manager with a strong commitment to growing and shaping our team. Our team develops the GitHub Support portal, our brand new Virtual Support Assistant, Machine Learning tooling and technologies that all positively guide the GitHub customer support experience.

The primary goal of this role is to enable every team member to do their best work, by guiding and serving them to ensure the happiness and productivity of the team. We work in a mostly async way with team members working across all continents.

Responsibilities
Meeting 1-1 with team members on a regular basis
Planning and supporting career development
Giving guided performance feedback
Serving as a coach and mentor
Fostering a supportive environment that will allow engineers to do their best work
Serving as hiring manager for the team
Guiding the development team’s vision, best practices, and priorities
Initiating group discussions on engineering topics and facilitating team decision making
Preferred Qualifications
3+ years managing engineering teams
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Passionate about creating and fostering good engineering practices and processes
Ability to empathize with a diverse range of engineers
Have worked with a fully distributed team
Experience working with agile organizations
Familiarity with the open source community and GitHub

Who We Are:

GitHub is the developer company. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, and to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.

Leadership Principles:

Customer Obsessed - Trust by Default - Ship to Learn - Own the Outcome - Growth Mindset - Global Product, Global Team - Anything is Possible - Practice Kindness

Why You Should Join:

At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where many Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The rest of our Hubbers work remotely around the globe. Check out an updated list of where we can hire here: https://github.com/about/careers/remote

We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.

GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!

Please note that benefits vary by country. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner.

#LI-POST
Verys is part of West Monroe, a technology consulting firm that specializes in custom software solutions and the design, build, and implementation of all products digital.
What does this mean?
“We build software ground up from idea to implementation”
“We build leading custom software solutions for some of the best companies in the world”
“We design, build, and implement software products to be proud of”
If you are excited by solving complex challenges and growing your career within an organization that values quality, craftsmanship, client focus, and collaboration, we’d love to hear from you!
Skills and Requirements

You’re smart, versatile, and passionate about delivering the highest caliber of code.
You communicate and problem-solve effectively with teammates and clients, and your experience backs that up.
You bring a deep understanding of NFTs, Ethereum, and blockchain technology
You have professional experience developing on a major blockchain such as Solana or Ethereum
You are experienced with Web3 and Etherium toolsets such as Metamask, Truffle, and Hardhat
You are experienced with Solidity and smart contract development and deployment
Rust or Polkadot experience is nice to have

We Offer

Competitive, merit-based compensation
A rich remote-first culture where employees can connect with 200+ like-minded technologists through technology-specific channels, book clubs, study groups, special interest groups, and more
Philanthropic events to get involved in the community, including tech mentorship to budding professionals and in-person volunteer opportunities
Professional development resources such as Verys-sponsored certifications, learning courses, and internal career counseling
Competitive medical, dental, and vision coverage and 401k matching
Flexible hours and uncapped paid time off

Important notes: 

This is a fully remote position. Employees who prefer in-person work have the option to utilize our Southern California HQ Office.
Verys, a West Monroe Company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.
We are not working with third parties at this time; any resumes from vendors will result in removal from our vendor list.
We are unable to provide visa sponsorship at this time.

We are excited to review your application!
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

Job: RPA Developer6 month contract-to-hireMust be able to convert full time to client after 6 months. 100% remote.
QUALIFICATIONSMinimum of 2 years designing and implementing UiPath bots and solutionsMinimum of 5 Years developing software solutions with either low code solutions or traditional code developmentHeavy experience with VB.net and/or C# code (both preferred); experience in other Microsoft stack technologies a plusHands-on experience building enterprise ready UiPath RPA bots and solutionsExperience recommending, designing, and implementing UiPath infrastructure fundamentals, scale management, and securityExperience delivering high quality, effective Solution Design DocumentationExperience in UiPath enterprise tools including Orchestrator (configuration, reporting)Experience with tools like Automation Hub and Process Mining are a plusExperience with RPA DevOps best practices and change management processesKnowledge of UiPath licensingMicrosoft Power Automate experience is a plusExperience in full life cycle of RPA projects across Exploration, Scoping, Implementation, and VerificationAble to estimate projects and tasks effectively and accuratelyLeadership skills to lead a team of RPA developers through execution and code reviewHighly effective communication skills with ability to build sustainable relationships with colleagues and key stakeholdersAble to lead efforts to promote new RPA projects and opportunitiesDesire to take the initiative, moving projects/ideas forward with clarityCreativity and ability to think outside-the-box while defining sound and practical solutionsCurious and willing to learn new technologies
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

RPA Developer: 6 years (Preferred)
UiPath bots: 4 years (Preferred)
VB.net, C#: 3 years (Preferred)
UiPath RPA bots: 5 years (Preferred)
Automation Hub: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 7327346231

We are looking for our Direct Client Full Time Hire for “Azure Developer / Analyst”– Full Time – Remote
Kindly go through the below job description and fill up the below skill matrix and the candidate information and reply me along with your Updated Resume.
Job Description: 
Responsibilities: 

Maintain data in the Azure SQL Server environment, ensuring data integrity, security, and intuitive organization
Develop and maintain Azure Data Factory integration processes and Data Lake structures
Deploy simple to complex data sets to be presented via Power BI, Excel, SSRS, or other BI presentation software and ensure expected performance and accuracy levels are achieved
Create unit test plans and identify opportunities to improve and/or automate testing process, especially regression testing for existing/new structures and processes
Assist in development of database architecture under the guidance of an Azure Solutions Architect

Qualifications: 

At least minimum 2+ Years of experience in Azure Data factory, Azure data factory pipelines
At least minimum 2+ years of experience in developing Azure Data Factory integration processes and Data Lake structures 
At least minimum 2+ years of experience in T-SQL or SQL 
Experience with writing database queries, stored procedures, views, tables, and DDL
DATA Integrity, Data security

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Data Factory: 2 years (Preferred)
Data Factory Pipeline: 2 years (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

BlueTread Is Building the Future
Who We AreBlueTread was born in 2014 out of a passion for solving problems. Though based in southwest Florida, we employ people from around the world. The BlueTread team is highly skilled, passionate, and innovative, and is in the business of providing trusted software programming and analysis expertise to solve problems, so other people can more effectively operate and enjoy their business.
At BlueTread we understand software needs to change and our agile process helps us respond and deliver the right solution. Running EOS, we focus on web and mobile applications and system integrations through a full-cycle development process, from requirements definition and specification, architecture design, coding, testing, and validation to product maintenance and support.
﻿Who You AreDo you love creative problem-solving? Do you work well with a team? Are you organized and able to see both the big picture and the details? Are you a life-long learner? Do you love creating great mobile experiences? Are you always curious about new features being added to the apps that you use? Are you passionate about getting the structure right when you’re building an app to allow it to be maintainable?
We’re looking for a top-quality React Native developer-driven to build great experiences and work with a team to bring them to life. They will have to work with graphic designers and the product team. The candidate will be required to create a flexible and well-structured front-end architecture along with APIs to support it. The React Native developer will work on user interfaces that connect customers with backend business systems.
The senior mobile developer will collaborate with the product owners, designers, and api team to create a react native application targeting iOS and Android. This will include architecting, developing, and writing tests for the application.
If you’re looking to be part of a fast-paced team that is proactive in how we solve problems and ways of improving, then join our team.
Responsibilities· Coordinate with development teams and designers to develop web applications that run on numerous platforms
· Using React Native, design and develop user interface components for JavaScript-based online and mobile apps.
· Troubleshoot issues and improve front-end performance
· Write reusable, effective, as well as scalable JavaScript code and create interchangeable front-end modules
· Understand clients’ needs to build apps. in stipulated time/budget
· Make use of additional JavaScript libraries such as Redux to make asynchronous API calls as well as improve the performance of the websites/mobile apps.
· Plan the data and presentation layer of the applications’ front-end
Required Skills· Bachelor’s/Master’s Degree in Computer Science/IT and or 3+ years of industry experience
· Familiarity with JavaScript
· Strong knowledge of HTML and CSS
· In-depth knowledge of React.js and its fundamentals
· Knowledge of UI/UX designs and wireframes
· Hands-on experience with React tools like Webpack, Enzyme, React.js, Flux, and Redux
Preferred Skills· Swift Development ExperienceFamiliarity with consuming REST APIs
· Knowledge of security best practices with mobile
· Understanding of modern ECMAScript
· Knowledge of data structure libraries like Immutable.js
· Experience with source-code management systems like Git
· Good troubleshooting skills
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Remote work.
Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Preferred)
React Native: 3 years (Preferred)
Swift: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Must-Have’s: 

Deep experience of infrastructure automation/configuration management using Ansible, Terraform
Hands-on experience on AWS Core Services – Compute, Storage, Networks, Loadbalancer, DNS, Database
Hands-on DevOps experience: build and deployment of enterprise Java applications
Ability to build, automate and support Windows and Linux workloads.

Job Description: 

Design and Implement Infrastructure automation on AWS using Terraform and configuration management using Ansible
Build and Manage large scale infrastructure on AWS using automation
Review and enhance existing DevOps CI/CD Pipelines
Understanding of version control systems like Git, including branching and merging strategies
Knowledge of what is continuous delivery and integration tools like Jenkins, Github
Knowledge developing code using Ruby or Python and Java or PHP
Knowledge writing Unix Shell (bash, ksh) scripts
Experience and willingness to keep learning in a Linux environment
Ability to provide after-hours support as needed for emergency or urgent situations

Nice to have’s: 

Proficient with container based products like docker and Kubernetes
Excellent communication skills (verbal and written)
Able to work in a team and be a team player
Knowledge of PHP, MySQL, Apache and other open source software
BA/BS in computer science or similar

Job Type: Contract
Salary: $80.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

overall: 10 years (Required)
Kubernetes: 3 years (Preferred)
python: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS: 5 years (Required)
Terraform: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote









Location: Remote Latin American
Team: Customer Interactive Services
Work Type: Full Time



          Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “
          Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.
         


 Conocimientos y experiencia con:
         

           Clean Architecture en Android.
         

           Principios S.O.L.I.D.
         

           Kotlin.
         

           Kotlin Coroutines.
         

           Unit Test.
         

           Modularización de aplicaciones.
         

           Cobertura de código y tipos de cobertura.
         

           Herramientas para realizar análisis estático de código.
         

           AppDistribution.
         

           Gradle.
         

           Uso de MockServer.
         

           Distribución PlayStore.
         

           Técnicas de refactorización (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Integración (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Punto a Punto (Opcional).
         

           Uso de TDD (Opcional)
         

           Patrones de presentación MVP, MVVM o MVI (de preferencia MVI)
         

           Flujos Git.
         






          Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
         










This will be a developing job with documentation composition software.
Responsible to design and develop different documents and business forms using OpenText Exstream.
Work with Client managers and leads, provide status updates
Apply styles and images to document design
Understanding of different input, output file formats, and Print file formats(PDF, AFP, etc).
Perform unit testing of templates/documents
Use output comparison tools to compare different outputs
4+ years of Experience with CCM document composition tools like OpenText Exstream
4+ yrs Experience with OpenText Exstream Advanced Template Designer, Design Manager, and Command Centre
Excellent XML and JSON schema understanding
Good understanding of API calls.Job scheduler and application workflows KnowledgeExperience with any Mainframe/Unix/Windows platformsExperience with JavaScript and VB Script is a plusKnowledge of document development lifecycleGood Verbal/Written Communication
C# or Doc1 Developer
Will be working with documentation composition software to develop external communication documentation. Determines specifications, then plans, designs, and develops the most complex and business-critical software solutions, utilizing appropriate software engineering processes either individually or as part of a project team. Provide design recommendations based on long-term IT organization strategy. Develop enterprise-level applications and custom integration solutions. Provide expertise regarding the integration of applications across the business. Develop programming and development standards. Act as an internal consultant, advocate, mentor, and change agent.Must be able to understand:
Data StructuresIncluded but not limited to:Flat File Vs Delimited FilesHard Kill Vs. Single Record FilesData Validation/IntegrityClean DataData SetWork FlowsCrystal ReportingDrag and Drop environmentsGUIExplain an Array
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $50.00 - $55.00 per hour
Schedule:

Day shift

Ability to commute/relocate:

Colorado Springs, CO 80904: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote



The Sr. C# Software Engineer will have experience in C#, MS Sql Server, and .NET. They are part of a team responsible for providing highly performant data storage, access, and interfaces for a wide variety of front-end and utility applications, while encapsulating the complex user hierarchy, permissions, and sharing structures of the data to enable the application layers to focus on delivering targeted, industry leading solutions to a diverse and growing number of stakeholders.As a senior member they also bring Also Energy development experience to the position.
 This position will help streamline and enhance our cutting-edge SaaS-delivered software platform, including services, APIs and databases. Regular collaboration between product owners, and other developers in the application teams will occur in order to gain understanding of new features, dependencies, and technical details.
 Responsibilities:

 Relied on to solve problems, build and test models and ensure code changes meet business requirements and fulfill user needs.
 Play a key role in fueling significant changes to our platform and company.
 Maintain and extend server-side infrastructure software to manage, process, and expose energy and financial data through our web APIs
 Develop and deploy high-volume, enterprise-level, services and utilities to support both native and web-based applications
 Support and assist migration of legacy software to newer .NET Core framework architecture
 Learn and contribute to a unique, growing code-base with out-of-the-box, creative solutions using logic and problem-solving skills
 Other duties as assigned.

 Requirements:

 1+ year experience in Also Energy platforms
 3-5 years experience in C#
 Some familiarity with .NET framework, .NET Core, MS Sql Server, SQL CLR, WPF, C++, XAML
 Functional understanding of databases, sockets, HTTP, FTP, RESTful and SOAP APIs
 Version control tools such as git or svn
 Documentation of product enhancements and bug fixes
 Ability to take initiative and the road less travelled, understand the big picture, compromise, look forward, anticipate problems, and assess risk
 Demonstration of technical problem-solving abilities
 Highly organized, solutions driven, detail oriented, and able to work autonomously with minimal direction from high level requirements and managers
 Effective communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills
 Ability to brainstorm with other team members and leverage constructive feedback
 Enthusiastic about learning new things and taking on new challenges

 Work Environment:

 Office Setting, primarily in cubicles
 Moderate to high noise levels (i.e. business office with computers, phone, printers, moderate traffic)
 Ability to sit or stand (standing desk provide upon request) at a computer terminal for an extended period


 Physical Demands:

 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to communicate (talk/sign/type/write) and operate a computer, telephone (or alternative), keyboard (or typing device), etc.
 Regular, predictable attendance is required
 Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision requirements due to computer work.

 Other Details:
 AlsoEnergy offers a competitive salary and a full list of benefits. The benefit offerings include full health benefits on the first on the month following employment (5 medical plan options-HDHP and PPO, 2 dental plans, FSA/HSA-with employer contribution, employer paid vision/LTD/STD/Life, variety of voluntary coverage), 401k (pre- or post-tax) with match after 90 days of employment, 10 paid calendar holidays per year, 2 floating holidays per year, and 3 weeks of PTO per year that begins accruing day one.
 Our bonus structure is designed to encourage collaboration across the company by creating common goals. We set revenue targets per quarter and as the team achieves those targets, employees receive a percent of their salary paid out the month after quarter close. The revenue targets are ratcheted so for partial achievement, there is partial payment.
 All AlsoEnergy employees participate in the Stem (our parent company) Long Term Incentive plan. This plan provides every employee with Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). These RSUs will be awarded within the first month of employment and vest 25% each year on your anniversary for 4 years. This is our employee’s opportunity to join in the success of the company.
 You will work in a growing, profitable company with a fun and creative environment with a talented group of individuals that have a passion for building renewable energy systems.
 This is a salaried exempt position, M-F, with additional weekend work as required.
 Salary Range: $105,000.00 - $140,000.00/annually
 This position can be remote or in Boulder, CO. Relocation assistance is available.
 COVID Notice: In office employees (full time and periodically) must have the COVID-19 vaccine or be willing to get the vaccine once they start. The company will provide paid time to schedule and make vaccine appointments.
 We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.



OverviewTrellis is a full-service eCommerce agency with a single mission: make commerce simple. We help growth-focused companies succeed through strategy, design, development, and performance-based marketing services. As an award-winning, remote-first organization with headquarters in Boston, we’ve had the pleasure of helping some amazing brands succeed in the world of eCommerce and across industries such as apparel, beauty, manufacturing, sports, and many more.As a client services company, Project Management is the backbone of our organization. Our Magento Project Managers are at the frontlines of helping our clients, organizing our teams, and keeping our projects on track. In addition to ensuring “the job gets done,” they have an opportunity to create an excellent experience for our clients and colleagues alike through their leadership and communication.We’re looking for individuals who thrive in dynamic environments, embrace processes and organization, are detail-oriented, and enjoy using data to inform their decision-making.Core ResponsibilitiesBelow are some of the core responsibilities our Project Managers have:

Communicating with clients regularly regarding their business requirements, project statuses, and general coordination.
Managing tasks within JIRA to ensure project deliverables are on track.
Planning company resources and coordinating priorities with other team members.
Facilitating timesheet reviews and assisting in the client billing process.
Providing clients with progress reports and escalating any concerns to the client services team.
Ensuring project budgets and timelines meet client expectations.

Relevant ExperienceBelow are some of the relevant experiences that would make someone a good fit for this role:

Experience with Magento is required. Shopify, WordPress, and/or content management systems are strongly preferred.
Experience working in an agency or client services environment in a client-facing role, managing multiple simultaneous projects.
History using JIRA or similar Project Management toolset.
Interest in following and developing standardized processes.
Comfort with tracking and measuring performance using quantitative goals.

CertificationsSuccess as a Project Manager at Trellis requires a mastery of JIRA and e-commerce platforms. As such, we’re looking for candidates who either already has or could obtain their “ACP-620 Managing Jira Cloud Projects” certification within the first four months of their time at Trellis. Given the importance we place on this, we cover all costs related to training and the certification as well as offer a bonus upon obtaining the certification.Our ToolboxBelow are some of the tools that our Project Managers use regularly:

Magento
Shopify
BigCommerce
JIRA
Confluence
Slack
Google Sheets, Docs, and Slides
Airtable
Tempo
Tettra
Zoom
CloudApp

Working at TrellisTrellis is a fast-growing, self-funded eCommerce agency with headquarters just outside of Boston. We’re a remote-first organization with over 2/3 of our team distributed across the US and internationally. Work/life balance is a priority with a range of benefits to our employees, including:

Medical, Vision, and Dental Insurance
Company-Paid Laptop and Home Office Equipment
13 Days Paid Holiday
15 Days Flexible PTO + Earned Seniority
25 Days Additional PTO for Parental Leave
401K with Employer Matching
Donation Matching Program
Education and Professional Development Bonuses
Performance-Based Bonuses

We structure our teams into ‘Squads,’ providing an opportunity to build deep connections with colleagues and longer-term relationships with clients. We aim to provide an inclusive environment that encourages a diverse group of voices to contribute to our company. This inclusion is often in the form of employee-led “Lunch & Learns,” employee-driven special interest groups, paired mentorship, and transparent career advancement policies. All of these initiatives stem from Trellis Core Principles:

Be a Source of Honesty:  Communicate transparently and act honestly with our clients, teammates, and community.
Engage with Problem Solvers: Recruit and retain high-quality creative and technical employees that love solving problems and are empowered to do fantastic work.
Support Growth:  Encourage and support the growth of our clients and teammates, even when we’ve made mistakes.
Demonstrate through Results:  Use results as the ultimate way to sell our ideas and capabilities.

kiXn8jaJud
Job Type: Full-time
Description

At ArganoMS3, our employees adapt to change quickly, communicate with clients effectively, and stay focused to execute deliverables. We know the importance of staying at the cutting edge of technology, and value employees who strive to innovate and evolve with the changing technological landscape.?

ArganoMS3 is looking for a Backend Software Engineer to join our team. This individual will work on an application that supports operators with inventory management and other tasks. This role will solely focus on backend development and support.

Location

100% Remote
Responsibilities

Design, implementation, and development of software.
Analysis of existing problems and identification or development of system requirements.
Design of interfaces and components.
Maintenance of the current applications.

Technical Experience

5+ years of programming experience
Proven work experience using Java Spring, AWS, Kafka, Kubernetes, and Postgres database.
GO (language) experience

Additional Requirements

Works under minimal supervision.
Strong problem-identifying and problem-solving ability.
Open to receiving feedback and constructive criticism.
Strong, consistent written and verbal communication skills.

Education

Minimum of Bachelor’s degree required (in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field.)
Company Environment

ArganoMS3 is a fast paced, high-energy company. We understand that the right talent matters, which is why we aggressively compensate employees with bonuses, perks, and special incentives to ensure our team is happy and healthy, including:

Competitive base salary and benefits, such as health, dental, vision, life, disability, retirement, paid time off (PTO), and much more.
Limitless growth and learning opportunities.
A collaborative and positive culture - Your team will be as smart and driven as you!
A chance to make an impact - Your work will contribute directly to our strategy.

ArganoMS3 is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Salary: $120,000 - 170,000/year
We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer (Golang) who will help drive our system’s evolution to join our team. The role will be an integral part of the Video Streaming and Engineering team, working with video engineers to build and release products for various platforms like Desktop, OTT, Mobile. The candidate will be responsible for building, deploying and managing Video Encoding and Delivery applications in cloud (AWS/GCP).
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Work with other engineers to maintain and evolve our Video encoding and Video delivery platform.
Plan, Design and Build out cloud-based microservices to support video processing workflows.
Field questions and requests regarding APIs and behavior.
Work closely with the QA coordinator to facilitate playback testing across a variety of devices.
Work with other developers and operations team on streamlined CI/CD solutions.
Help in building the shared libraries and architecture to be used across all services.
Work with video engineers in team to modernize and optimize our cloud video Delivery platform
Building new microservices, features and improving Video Delivery, Content Filtering solutions for Paramount+
Responsible for Video Packaging & Delivery.
Work with development teams on re-architecture/modernizing existing systems into the cloud.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 

4+ years of experience as a Software Engineer
Experience with writing microservices in Golang and building shared microservice libraries.
Experience with container technology and management such as Docker.
Experience writing services from scratch in Go Programming language.
Experience working with Cloud/SaaS services such as Amazon AWS or Google Cloud
Strong written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
The Customer Support department is seeking a Technical Software / Applications Support Engineer to support our Web and Mobile Mapping Software for our growing global customer base in the US and Europe. This role joins a dynamic team that enjoys working with complex applications and products that utilize software, GIS, engineering, and problem-solving skills.


The Support Engineer is a technical software expert, experienced in configuration and implementation of IQGeo solutions often requiring knowledge of complex integrations with 3rd party software systems and middleware, and/or custom software development, as required by customers.


The role works independently or as a team member along with Project Managers, Implementers, and Director of Customer Support to deliver product support for the customer.
Responsibilities

As an integral part of the IQGeo geospatial Customer Support Team, the successful candidate will be a key contributor on the team by supporting IQGeo products for our customers in the Utility and Telecommunications markets. The role is expected to be capable of working independently, and as a team member, and should have a working knowledge of software implementation methodologies and troubleshooting skills. The key responsibilities include the following.

Problem solving skills, providing consulting to clients based on current operational processes and their fit with IQGeo products.
Respond to customer queries (incidents or questions) in a timely and accurate way via support cases, phone, or email.
Identify customer needs and help customers resolve issues or understand IQGeo product functionality.
Follow up with customers to ensure their technical issues are resolved.
Analyze and report product defects to the IQGeo Product Development Team.
Ensure accurate support case information is filled out by IQGeo customers and internal teams to build an IQGeo knowledgebase for end-users.
Inform customers of critical issues or when patches are released on IQGeo products.
Develop and maintain IQGeo product training materials for the IQGeo Certification program.
Required skills

Successful candidates will be enthusiastic individuals with a strong technical and consulting background in general software delivery and support skills related to the following:

Essential

Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with customer service desk systems (Jira Service Desk, FogBugz)
Strong experience with open-source software technologies (Apache, OpenLayers, Leaflet)
Intermediate to light experience in JavaScript and HTML design and development
Experience with Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) or web mapping
Experience with SQL and RDBMS technology (PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite)
Experience with Linux System administration and bash scripting
Experience with Python

Desirable

Enterprise Integration, especially web services
Collaboration systems, such as Jira Confluence or Microsoft SharePoint
Mobile application support (iOS, Android, Windows)
Experience in IQGeo software technology experience
ETL tools such Safe Software’s FME or GeoKettle
Git or other distributed version control systems
Additional language skills are not essential, but would be an advantage
Education and experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering required or related field or equivalent work experience is preferred.
Comparable technology and industry experience

If you would like to join this winning team, please submit your resume and cover letter to hr@iqgeo.com


   Superpedestrian is engineering the future of micromobility. The Superpedestrian team is composed of some of the most talented operations specialists, policy managers, designers and engineers, all focused on transforming the future urban mobility. Our scooters, called LINK, were designed to prioritize safety from the inside out, and our Superpedestrian team is dedicated to building meaningful local and city partnerships across the world. Join us!
  


 We are seeking an Android Developer to join the Superpedestrian consumer software team. The ideal candidate will take a leading role in pushing our Android app forward. There are currently several opportunities open in the software team so we are looking for candidates at different stages of their career. Don’t hesitate to apply if you only meet some of the preferred qualifications, or if you feel you’re overqualified. This is a position where you will have the opportunity to shape your responsibilities based on the skills you bring to the table.
  
 What you'll do:

 Design and build advanced applications for the Android platform
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design and ship new features
 Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability
 Work on improving application performance and bug fixes
 Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency and application performance
 Participate in cross-team peer code reviews
 Participate in Agile Scrum sprint and release planning

 Who you are:

 4+ years of industry experience in Android development
 Experience with the Android build tooling (Gradle)
 Experience integrating apps with server side API
 Experience developing consumer facing apps
 Working knowledge of database systems
 Experience with Bluetooth device integration is a plus

 Perks:

 Competitive benefits with company subsidized medical, dental, vision & disability insurance and a 401k plan.
 Generous time off policy.
 On the job training with a leadership team that is committed to growth and development of all employees.
 A team of awesome, like-minded, driven people that support each other, and mentors from across the top echelons of industry.
 The chance to have your voice heard and help shape Superpedestrian’s future.
 Equity in a fast growing company.
 A commitment to an actively anti-racist environment.


    Superpedestrian actively encourages applicants of all backgrounds. If you think you meet most of the requirements, but not every single point on the job description, please apply! We’d love to have a chat and see if you'd be a great addition to our team.
  



Piper Companies is seeking a Remote Director of Software Engineering (Cloud Native Security) for a well-known financial organization in the Raleigh-Durham, NC area. The Director of Software Engineering will be responsible for providing leadership and guidance to security engineering and developer peers. The ideal candidate for the Director of Software Engineering role will have experience securing cloud providers and platforms. 


Responsibilities for the Director of Software Engineering include:

 Assist in building tooling and platforms used by thousands of applications and developers
 Innovate in all aspects of the software development life cycle
 Leverage developer experience to build cross-cutting security applications, platforms, and tooling
 Employ problem solving skills to analyze engineering challenges

 Requirements for the Director of Software Engineering include:

 10+ years of professional programming experience in Java, Node.js, or Go
 Experience with securing cloud providers and platforms such as AWS and Azure
 Experience with infrastructure-as-code such as Terraform and CloudFormation
 Kubernetes operations and application delivery knowledge
 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience

 Compensation of the Director of Software Engineering:

 Salary Range: $150,000-$160,000 plus a bonus and comprehensive benefits package



Mandatory skills

5+ years of combined software/application development experience in Objective-C or C++
Created an application that is available in Apple's AppStore
Proficiency with Linux, Mac OS X, GNU tools, and scripting languages
Experience with all phases of the development life cycle
Experience with the following is desired:
Familiarity with Agile development including daily scrum and weekly iteration reviews and planning
Enthusiasm for automated testing
Experience with unit testing frameworks Experience with source control management.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: From $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Swift: 1 year (Preferred)
iOS development: 1 year (Preferred)
Objective-C: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 9492292769



   LifeWorx is a fast-growing home healthcare company looking for a 
   Senior PHP Web Developer to improve existing proprietary software and build new applications to power our growth. You’ll be working alongside our VP of Technology on high-impact projects, and have the opportunity to see the entire software development process from start to finish.
   
 We are primarily looking for full-time developers, but may be open to part-time work as well. Candidates who can work in person or with a hybrid arrangement in the NY metro area will be given preference, but we are open to fully remote work as well.
   


 Responsibilities:


 Develop and optimize a proprietary matching system to identify the best candidates for a client & job based on hundreds of factors
 Analyze complex SQL structures/queries to identify pain points and optimize to improve performance
 Work with UI/UX Designer to streamline software workflow and meet a business objective
 Power through ambiguity, make intelligent decisions and collaborate with an agile team to achieve biweekly sprint goals
 Assist with the development of a modern container-based CI/CD pipeline
 Ensure adherence to cybersecurity best practices


 Skills & Qualifications:


 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, and 2+ years of professional experience working as a web developer
 Expert at object-oriented and procedural PHP as well as the Laravel framework
 Highly skilled at writing optimized SQL queries and working with RDMS analysis tools
 Highly skilled in developing RESTful APIs and strong understanding of the HTTP protocol
 Strong understanding of web security best practices to prevent XSS attacks, SQL injections, etc.
 Some experience with front end languages and frameworks (JavaScript, jQuery, and Vue)
 Some experience writing custom HTML & CSS
 Experience working with Docker containers and Bash command lines skills are a plus


 Soft skills:


 Team player who can effectively communicate with our less tech-inclined staff.
 Self-sufficient, task-oriented problem solver.
 Someone who can stay organized and complete projects but also has the flexibility to change directions depending on immediate needs.




Come join a winning team! Here at Imprivata you’ll see a dedicated group of professionals who care about improving health care. Our team thrives on collaboration and sharing ideas, whether in a cross-functional meeting or at one of our virtual team-building events.
 While we're diverse in our backgrounds and skills, we have much in common. A passion for our mission. A strong sense of integrity. A belief that we're making a positive impact and a commitment to having fun.
 We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer, SaaS Client to join our team.
 Job Summary
 We are seeking a senior software engineer to join the team focused on our new cloud product for identity and access solution. This team is responsible for the architecture, design, and development of our endpoint component of our multitenant SaaS product for authentication and access management. Imprivata is the #1 solution provider in this product domain for healthcare with its leading products, OneSign and Confirm ID. These products are helping over 1 million users every day in saving time, reducing frustration and providing better patient care. This team is responsible for the development of Imprivata’s OneSign client components, which provide Multifactor Authentication and Single Sign-On services for applications.
 The ideal candidate will have knowledge of the Windows application and development, as well as a proven record of delivering products that fully utilize the facilities of the Windows OS. You will creatively leverage our own software and that of our partners to bring an efficient and secure application experience to clinicians and providers. This position provides a unique opportunity to be key part of building a new SaaS product from ground-up!
 Duties and Responsibilities

 Develop new SaaS endpoint agent features in the areas of security, authentication, single sign-on and healthcare workflow enablement.
 Design, code and test client-side components in C++ that deliver our entire client experience.
 Design and code unit and automated tests that allow manual testing to focus high risk areas.
 Assist QA in qualifying new vendor releases, including APIs, to determine ongoing compatibility with our SaaS endpoint agent.
 Working in an agile team model, be responsible for analyzing possible solutions, scoping, planning and delivering software.
 Work with our internal cloud team to integrate our SaaS client with our backend service APIs.


 Qualifications


 7+ years of software engineering experience designing and building enterprise applications
 Strong C++ development and debugging skills.
 Experience with Visual C++, Windows and/or Win32 APIs.
 Experience integrating third-party APIs or SDKs into an enterprise product.
 Strong proven design skills with the ability to work well in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with high expectations.
 Solid experience with the full software development life cycle and a proven track record in successfully bringing products to market.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to interact well with both internal teams and external customers and partners.
 Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related degree.

 At Imprivata, we have a top-notch work environment, developmental opportunities, a competitive total rewards package, and the desire to have fun. If you have the skills and qualifications as we have described above, we want to hear from you!
 Imprivata provides equal employment opportunities, regardless of race, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
 The Company is requiring all of its new employees who regularly work at a Company office, attend Company-related events/meetings, or travel on behalf of Imprivata to be vaccinated against COVID-19. However when an employee cannot be vaccinated because of a disability or a sincerely held religious belief, practice or observance, the Company will consider whether a reasonable accommodation is required by applicable law. If you believe that you cannot be vaccinated because of a disability or a sincerely held religious belief, practice or observance, you may request an accommodation by contacting us. Otherwise, you will need to provide proof of your COVID-19 vaccination prior to commencing employment.



triple (www.tripleup.com), is an innovative platform in the card-linked offers space (CLO) with an entirely new targeting mechanism that puts marketing dollars directly into the pockets of consumers. This space is already large ($15B) and rapidly growing (20% per year). This is a massive opportunity in an under-developed but rapidly growing industry – with a company-making launch customer already signed. We’re a portfolio business within numo, a fintech incubator and independent subsidiary of PNC Bank.
 We’re looking for a Senior Software Engineer who has Python, and/or AWS experience and wants to be a founding member of this well-funded, fast-moving startup. As a Senior Software Engineer, you'll operate as a key member of our development team, working on backend services, helping build and refine this innovative technology platform with us.
 What we're looking for:

 6+ years hands-on, professional software development experience
 Proficiency with Python (data processing, DevOps, miccroservices, serverless)
 Experience with Typescript and/or NodeJS and/or Kotlin and/or Java
 Experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS Lambda) and related tools
 Familiarity working in a distributed, microservices environment
 Good coding habits, including commenting and documenting code, test-driven development, defensive coding, planning for scale, etc.
 Experience building scalable products
 Experience working in a startup environment or architecting products from the ground up
 BS in Computer Science, or related education

 What we offer:

 Competitive salary + great benefits
 Work 100% remotely, or at our great office space in East Liberty in Pittsburgh
 Opportunity to own equity in the triple product

 triple is a remote-first team. Candidates located anywhere in the United States are encouraged to apply.
 
WLdku5Onzm



  Responsibilities: 
  
    Software Engineer III is responsible for the support and maintenance of an Enterprise Application and works as a team/project lead relating to the application.
  

 Ensures application integrity by monitoring for system failures, system performance and accessibility. Correcting issues and establishing automated monitoring as needed.
 Manages database table structure, filling requests for additional fields or indexes.
 Manages database indexes & queries, ensuring performance impacts are avoided.
 Leads research on new system features for possible implementation. Implementing changes as identified by comparing production to offered features.
 Leads research on technical debt identification and proposes solutions.
 Develops & maintains user quick reference documentation. As new functionality is delivered, documentation is provided for reference. When functionality changes, documentation is updated.
 Develop & maintain administration reference documentation. Administration documentation may change when a patch or upgrade is performed. This documentation must be kept up to date.
 Provides 3rd level assistance regarding system and software to assist in support problem resolution.
 Ensures team is compliant with documentation practices, following best-practices and that cross-training occurs.
 Become proficient in understanding stakeholder processes, and analyzes Business Unit Requirements . Providing solutions for implementation, ensuring that the best practices are utilized.
 Creates & maintains workflows, forms and reports to satisfy user requests, developing best practices on technique or re-use.
 Act as Project Lead when projects are initiated. Attending meetings, understanding requirements, ensuring tasks are completed as necessary, creating and implementing new solutions within the scheduled project plan.
 Researches Company support & change processes, direction and implement cost effective solutions to meet the needs.
 Liaison to vendor when technical issues arise as well as Lead/coordinate vendor roadmap discussions and opportunities.
 As needed, works with 3rd party vendors on solution integrations
 Manages archive of data from Production to Archive; keeping a rolling 13 months of data in production at all times.
 Manages development and test environments, installing the latest patches and upgrades are downloaded and installed.
 Applies a Continuous Process Improvement approach to all work, particularly in solution design, when developing new or updating solutions. Drives creation of best practices to be implemented by team.
 Qualifications: 
  
Bachelors in computer or 5 year equivalent experience
 2+ Years experience leading agile development teams
 Java, JavaScript, HTML, XML, JSON highly preferred
 Web services, API, REST, SOAP experience highly preferred
 Understanding of Enterprise Data Architecture principles and best practices
 Knowledge of Agile development process preferred
 Knowledge of ITIL Processes preferred



REDWOOD CITY, CA (HYBRID) OR REMOTE (USA) /BITS – SOFTWARE ENGINEERING /FULL-TIME
Position SummaryWe are building and operating a unique software stack of cloud infrastructure, software services, APIs, web, and mobile interactive interfaces, and AI-driven data analytics pipelines to deliver life-saving results in the highly complex infectious disease landscape. We believe the success of Karius products is driven by both our unique technology and the elegance of the software solution. We seek talented and passionate individuals who want to be part of this impactful journey of reaching the team’s ambitious goals, far beyond what any single individual could accomplish.**As a Staff Software Engineer in this space, your primary focus will be architecting, developing, and maintaining software and infrastructure to execute Karius Lab Diagnostic in commercial and research setup.**Why Should You Join Karius?Karius aims to conquer infectious diseases through innovations around genomic sequencing and machine learning. The company’s platform is already delivering unprecedented insights into the microbial landscape, providing clinicians with a comprehensive test capable of identifying more than a thousand pathogens directly from blood, and helping the industry accelerate the development of therapeutic solutions. The Karius test we provide today is one of the most advanced solutions available to physicians who aim to deliver better care to many otherwise ineffectively treated patients. Our test is the result of some incredible work done by our scientists, statisticians, engineers, and physicians, all driven by the same mission. You, as part of the Karius team, will be able to see how directly your work has a life-changing impact on people and at scale.**Reports to:  Director of Engineering, Diagnostics Software
Location:  Remote* / *Redwood City, CA**Primary Responsibilities

Own the design and development of software services that drive the Karius genomics lab workflows and related business processes to generate life-saving diagnostic reports
Follow Domain-Driven Design to clearly document the system architecture, service design, and the interfaces
Ensure the software services meet expected quality gates by developing unit and functional tests
Collaborate with cross-functional teams such as Lab Operations, Customer Success, Product Management, and Quality Engineering, and follow the defined Engineering SDLC to deliver value to the customers and users
Contribute to the engineering organization’s technical efforts such as design and code review, technology evaluations, and development of proof of concepts
Provide production support of diagnostics software services
Contribute to advancing a culture of a high-performing team by having close collaboration and engagement with the rest of the engineering team in solving challenges as they arise.

Position RequirementsFirst and foremost, you are energized and motivated by the opportunity to build an elegant software. You enjoy seeing your creation work like a clock, positively impacting thousands of people every year. You crave tough challenges in a super technical and collaborative environment that requires creativity and vision to navigate complex and ambiguous problems.
In addition, you will be able to present:

BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related technical fields involving algorithms and coding
10+ years of software engineering experience, including designing, developing, and maintaining full-stack solutions in a production environment
A deep understanding of various system architectural patterns, such as event-driven microservices, and a strong hands-on experience with related technologies such as Kafka
Expert level experience with Typescript/javaScript stack using frameworks such as Express, Nest.js, Node.js
Practical examples of complex system data modeling and servicing using REST, GraphQL, no-SQL/SQL databases & ORMs
Experience with DevOps culture using cloud computing in AWS, Azure, or GCP
A deep understanding of and hands-on experience with the software deployment and operation using containerization technologies like Docker and container management like Kubernetes
Experience with development lifecycle management tools like Jira, Confluence, git
As a big plus, experience in healthcare, life sciences, or other regulated industries

Personal Qualifications

Passionate, purpose-driven, and excited about Karius’ mission.
Mastered your craft yet eager to learn and grow.
Demonstrated ability to tackle complex problems.
Ability to work independently but also be an excellent team player.
Ability to work effectively and efficiently in a fast-paced (startup) environment.

What’s Fun About the Job?Karius is operating at the edge of what is now known to be possible in infectious disease diagnostics. With that comes a wave of new and incredible challenges and opportunities. To deliver on that value, you will be tapping into some of the most advanced technologies, architecting and innovating where the current solutions simply don't suffice. You will get to see how much your work really matters.
Travel: No travel required.
Physical RequirementsSubject to extended periods of sitting and/or standing, vision to monitor and moderate noise levels. Work is generally performed in an office environment.
About KariusKarius is a venture-backed life science startup that is transforming the way pathogens and other microbes are observed throughout the body. By unlocking the information present in microbial cell-free DNA, we're helping doctors quickly solve their most challenging cases, providing industry partners with access to 1000’s of biomarkers to accelerate clinical trials, discovering new microbes, and reducing patient suffering worldwide.
At Karius, we value a diverse and inclusive workplace and provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees, and are committed to honor and invest in the full diversity of people, in our hiring, recruiting, and development of employees across the Company. All qualified applicants for employment are encouraged to apply and will be considered without regard to an individual’s race, color, sex, gender identity, and gender expression (including transgender individuals who are transitioning, have transitioned, or are perceived to be transitioning to the gender with which they identify), religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you are unable to submit your application due to a disability, please contact us at recruiting@kariusdx.com, and we will accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities.
Job Type: Full-time




Full-Time/Remote (within the US; Eastern or Central preferred)




Looking to make a big impact on healthcare technology? careMESH may be for you! We are early-stage and high growth and changing the way healthcare organizations like Tampa General Hospital, USF Health, and St. Joseph’s Health work.
 Since customer demand is already outstripping supply, we are looking for a seriously talented Node.js developer with top-of-class engineering skills to build on our amazing SaaS platform. Our technology runs on Google Cloud and is developed on a “PERN” stack: PostgreSQL, Express (Sails.js), React, and Node.js.

 In This Role, You Will:

 Communicate with product managers to scope new features
 Write or modify code to get a feature fully implemented
 Develop automated and unit tests
 Write effective, secure and well-performing REST APIs
 Extract, transform and load data into our systems
 Complete code reviews of work completed by colleagues


 Who You Are:

 5-10 years as a JavaScript software engineer (Required)
 Full Stack Developer using Node.js and REST API development (Required). This is a 70/30 backend to frontend ratio job.
 Single Page Applications using ReactJS and Material UI (Preferred)
 SQL databases (Required) and PostgreSQL (Preferred)
 Linux, Docker and Kubernetes (Preferred)
 Cloud services providers such as AWS, Google Cloud, Azure (Preferred)
 Healthcare industry experience and FHIR APIs (A significant plus)
 Degree in Computer Science, Statistics or relevant field


 Personal Skills:

 Highly motivated self-starter
 Great attention to detail
 Communication at both a technical and functional level
 Agile software development
 Teamwork, teamwork, teamwork


 careMESH is an equal opportunity employer. Eligible employees have access to the following:

 Health Insurance Plan
 Health Savings Account (HSA) and Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
 20 days paid time off (PTO) per year, plus paid holidays
 401(k) retirement plan
 Supplemental life insurance and short/long-term disability


 Please send your current resume and other supporting materials to recruiting@caremesh.com.





  Do you enjoy solving difficult problems, working with vast amounts of data, and are passionate about protecting privacy then we'd love to hear from you! 
  
 Join our team where we are building the next generation Data Platform (DAAS). You will be working on a core piece of our overall platform that processes 10s of billions of records every day and supports all of Acxiom’s clients. 
  
 Our stack depends on a variety of languages including Java (Spring Boot), C++, Javascript (AngularJS, NodeJS) and more. Knowing these technologies will help, but being prepared to learn will make the difference. 
  


This role can be located almost anywhere in the U.S. 


Here in Acxiom Data and Identity, our culture is important. We do things to keep the work interesting including: 

Bi-annual Hackathons - You can pull a team together and spend a week working on something that interests you. 
We operate in the cloud - Acxiom develops solutions in both our owned data centers as well as cloud deployments. Gaining experience with different types of solutions makes our engineers more valuable to both brands and technology companies 
We believe in balance - Acxiom supports a remote work culture as well as a work-life balance attitude. We have associates in over 40 states, and 30% of our associates were already remote workers prior to 2019. 
Be your authentic self - We are committed to a culture that works for everyone - Acxiom’s Black Employee Network (ABEN) and our numerous other Business Resource Groups offer a place for you to gain additional leadership opportunities and contribute to our business processes and culture. 


Do you have? 

4-year college degree in related field of study or equivalent work experience 
2+ years java or other OOP language 
Proficient on the Linux CLI 
Exposure to Frontend (HTML/Javascript) Frameworks and Backend API Development 
Supporting skills: Git, Maven, OAuth, REST, SQL, Eclipse/IntelliJ 
Demonstrated analytical and communication skills 
Ability to maintain positive relationships with partners 
Sense of ownership mentality and track record of successful high-quality results 

What will set you apart: 

AWS or GCP professional cloud developer or security certifications 
OpenShift / OpenStack / Docker / Kubernetes / Microservices 
Angular / JQuery / NodeJS / AWS Lambda 
Elasticsearch / Kafka / Spark / Hadoop / EMR / Dataproc 
Dynamo / Mongo / Aerospike / Snowflake 
Agile / CICD / Jenkins / Jira / Confluence 

#GD17 

Primary Location City/State: Homebased - Conway, Arkansas 
  
Additional Locations (if applicable): 

Acxiom is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE/W/M/Vet/Disabled) and does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion or other employment of associates or the awarding of subcontracts because of a person's race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, protected veteran, military status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetics or other protected status.


Remote Sr. Software Engineer Contract to Hire Opportunity
Job SummaryAs Senior Software Engineer, you will design, build out, maintain, and troubleshoot our rapidly growing SaaS business. You will be responsible for supporting large scale deployment projects, network and all underlying systems related to supporting cloud computing workloads and IT project deployment. You will also utilize critical thinking and problem solving in concert with effective industry tested tools to deliver exceptional value to our customers.
ResponsibilitiesIncludes but not limited to:

Lead, design, develop, and deliver systems of high-performance, security, and availability for a wide range of the world's top companies
Work as a technical expert for development efforts and mentor to other team members
Work on solution-based, outcome-oriented projects with a highly skilled team
Get the benefits of a consulting environment while remaining connected to a core team
Be an active member of a growing team; help define and influence team culture & environment
Work in a fast-paced, agile project environment with small, focused teams
Mentor less experienced team members
Cultivate an atmosphere of continuous improvement, using objective metrics to constantly raise the bar on execution excellence
Champion our Stratascale tenets (aka Wisdoms), operating with vision and integrity, constantly improving personally, and growing as a leader

Qualifications

5+ years minimum experience in software development with substantial part of the experience building applications in a hosted Web/SaaS environment
Strong track-record with CI/CD tools (Chef, Jenkins, Ansible, Azure Devops, etc)
Hands-on experience with Integration Technologies – RESTFul, SOA, microservices
Familiarity with one or more databases: MySQL, PostgreSQL, MSSQL, DynamoDB, Cosmos DB, Cassandra

Required Skills

Excellent working knowledge of application development using Open Source, Microsoft and other third-party technologies
Solid experience of Scrum and Agile technologies
Full Stack Development – node.js, .NET, Java, Python, TypeScript
Hands-on experience with Web Services, XML, SOAP, JSON, YAML
Familiarity with Angular, Bootstrap, PrimeNG frameworks
Ability to develop and implement SQL scripts, Stored Procedures and ETL processes
Consistency in delivering outputs efficiently and of high quality
Familiarity with Containerization, Docker, Kubernetes
Familiarity with cloud and related technologies and/or ability to ramp up quickly
Ability to communicate clearly, concisely, and accurately, verbally and in writing
Experience writing unit tests
Familiarity with ticketing systems, API integration and security models
Strong analytical skills and innovative problem-solving skills
Self-motivated individual who works well as part of a team and independently
Manage your own workload appropriately to ensure timely completion of projects
Ability to improve current knowledge for yourself and mentor others with respect to relevant state-of-the-art technology, equipment, and/or systems

Certifications Required

AWS or Azure cloud certifications (if not up to date, the ability to test in the first 90 days)

Additional Information

All candidates are encouraged to apply, but many positions require a strict drug and background check by our customers. F2OnSite supports and adheres to all state laws regarding background checks.
“Except where prohibited by law, many employees and contractors of F2OnSite are required to obtain a Covid-19 vaccine, and new hires will be required to provide proof they have done so, or obtain an exemption or deferral based on a valid religious or medical reason, prior to beginning employment.”

F2OnSite is the fastest growing Onsite I.T. Services company in the United States and is ranked in the Top 25 fastest growing privately held companies overall! We are looking for the best and brightest technical talent to work in the field for our customers! We Are the “Boots on the Ground” for our customers! Our tag line of “Relax, we got this!” is not just marketing: it is the reality of who we are as a company! Our Field Engineers are the heart of the company, and we care about your success!What We Do - Our focus is Hardware: Desktops, Laptops, Servers, Printers, POS systems, and LCD’s. We have hundreds of team members across the US who work Onsite at customer’s locations - providing hardware break/fix services, migrate data, install computers, move printers, install/fix servers, and POS systems. We close thousands of service calls each week and do whatever it takes to get our customers up and running again. We specialize in all types of technology, projects, desktop support and more.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: From $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you currently working?
What is your minimum and desired hourly rate requirement?
Certifications Required - Are you AWS or Azure Cloud Certified?

(if not up to date, the ability to test in the first 90 days)

To expedite your application, email your resume to debbie@f2onsite.com in word format with your hourly rate requirement minimum to desired. Please include the name of the position, location and your name in the subject line of the email. Please include your personal email. Thank you.

Work Location: Remote



   JOB REQUISITION
   Software Engineer (Sharepoint)
  

    LOCATION
   SAN RAMON
  

    JOB DESCRIPTION
  


    Robert Half is seeking a Software Engineer who will develop and support Protiviti applications. Primary responsibilities include using web development technologies such as SharePoint, Power Platform, C# and ASP.net. This team uses cloud technology such as AWS and Azure. There will be opportunities to work on machine learning projects. Completes SDLC documentation, and procedures for all phases of software development lifecycle. May interact with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications. Supports launched applications in the production environment.
  


    ***This is a remote position***
  


    Specific responsibilities will include:
  

 Develop and/or modify individual modules or components of moderate scope and complexity in a larger system architecture.
 Development often spans multiple modules in scope.
 Analyze and resolve moderately complex production issues following department guidelines and troubleshooting practices.
 Level II support.
 Design individual modules or components of moderate scope and complexity in larger system designs. Has moderate scope in design activities.
 Perform unit test planning and execution for own code.
 Contribute to test strategy for integration testing. May create automated unit tests.



    Qualifications
  

 Bachelors degree in related field or equivalent experience
 3+ years’ of professional experience in software analysis, development, engineering and support in a large corporate setting
 2+ years experience in SharePoint Online or SharePoint Server 2010/2013/2016/2019 development – SSOM, CSOM and Rest API
 2+ years’ experience with a programming or scripting language (C#, SQL).
 2+ years’ experience writing/modifying programs for a small to mid-size application.
 2+ years’ experience administering and/or configuring an application .
 Good working knowledge of SQL query language (preferably with Microsoft SQL Server)
 Knowledge of PowerShell scripting is a plus
 Experience with various full cycle software development methodologies, tools and practices.
 Good knowledge on software development lifecycle (SDLC), Agile/Scrum.
 Good knowledge of n-tiered architecture.
 Good understand of SQL Server DB concepts.
 Ability to interact and communicate with business partners of varying levels of expertise.
 Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical users.
 Ability to communicate business process to technical resources.



    At Robert Half, there’s more to us than what we do. Learn about our values and what it’s like to work for the largest specialized staffing firm in the world at our San Ramon, California, Corporate Services office. Take a look at 
   
    roberthalf.com/corporate-office-video
   .
  


    Follow us on Twitter @RH_Corp_Jobs for Robert Half Corporate Services job openings and career and workplace news!
  


    Robert Half International Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veteran
  


    As part of Robert Half’s Corporate Services facility employment process, any offer of employment is contingent upon successful completion of a background check.
  


    Robert Half is committed to being an equal employment employer offering opportunities to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to apply for a position, please contact us by sending an email to 
   
    HRSolutions@roberthalf.com
    or call 
   1.855.744.6947 for assistance.
  


    In your email please include the following:
  

 The specific accommodation requested to complete the employment application.
 The location(s) (city, state) to which you would like to apply.



    JOB LOCATION
   CA SAN RAMON CORP
  

    ADDITIONAL LOCATION
  



About This Role:
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer and you will be joining the Gateway team, who are responsible for the gateway layer of Demonware’s architecture. You would work on our gateway layer, which manages authentication, encryption and routing to all backend services, and manages millions of concurrent connections daily.
Our technology is always evolving to support more users, be more efficient and make life easier for other Demonware engineers who build services and game features. You would be helping to evolve it for the future.
Reponsibilities:

Develop, maintain and evolve the gateway technology (written in Erlang) and its client-side connection management layer (in C++) according to Demonware’s standards of reliability and quality


Liaise with other teams on feature implementation, ensuring their requirements are met in a timely appropriate manner


Ensure all components are highly scalable and maintainable


Own the features and components developed


Partner with other engineers to troubleshoot problems with online and multiplayer features, and provide an excellent customer experience


Provide mentorship on best practices for backend development and integration


   Your Profile:
   

6+ years Software Development experience



Excellent problem solving and analytical skills


Excellent communication skills allowing effect interactions with internal/external teams


Love to code. Excellent development skills, knowledge of either or both of Erlang and Elixir. C++ expertise a bonus, but not required.
Previous experience designing APIs for use by other developers. Can understand and explain what makes a well-designed API


A good understanding of networking protocols: TCP, HTTP, TLS, etc.


Ability to analyze requirements and make corresponding design decisions


Has initiative, and is able to complete complex tasks with minimal supervision


   Nice to have:
   

Experience with game development or game engines



Experience with continuous integration and agile methodologies


Experience with building backend services, including skills in:


Python or a similar language


Linux & open-source technologies


Database design, including MySQL and NoSQL databases


Experience with large scale services (up to millions of concurrent users)
Erlang or Elixir expertise required

Pay Rate-50-65/hr. DOE
Please send resume to kjohnson@nelsoninteractive.net


This position is a fully remote position.
ABOUT SICK:
SICK is a leading global provider of intelligent sensors, systems, and services for factory, logistics, and process automation applications. With more than 1,000 patents, innovation and technology are at its core. This focus on innovation and “Sensor Intelligence” have allowed SICK to develop products for every phase of production in the automotive, packaging, electronics, food and beverage, consumer goods, storage and conveyor, robotics, material handling, oil and gas, chemical, power, maritime industries, and more. In addition, SICK’s focus on Sensor Intelligence allows us to make Industry 4.0, or the Industrial Internet of Things, a reality for their customers.
POSITION SUMMARY:
This position has primary responsibility for hands-on design and support of SICK products through the entire product lifecycle. Work with a multi-national, cross-functional team to design, develop, and test new product offerings and enhance performance of existing production lines.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop and execute projects while adhering to all relevant SICK product development processes covering design control, quality, and company standards and regulations and national and international regulatory body requirements.
Support the entire software product lifecycle including change management, product support, major and minor releases, and phase out.
Work with internal and external resources to ensure all project technical, cost, and schedule requirements are met.
Author documents, reports, correspondence, and other technical content.
Plan, develop, and execute tests to verify the operation, reliability, and performance of software to guarantee product quality is incorporated into the design.
Participate in reviews with peers and internal project stakeholders.
Collaborate with Product Management to ensure new and innovative products and solutions are available to SICK customers.
Contribute to project teams involving cross-functional participants.
Use proof of concepts, prototypes, and MVPs to test, refine, verify, and validate new ideas.
Develop a working knowledge of current SICK products, new development products, and engineering design processes.
Regular attendance and timeliness.
Carry out other job relevant duties and responsibilities as may be assigned or required.
Work independently on assigned projects.
Perform all software engineering functions of product development including design, managing technical requirements, cost estimation, and schedules for time and resources required to complete assigned tasks.
Responsible to keep current with new hardware technology and embedded languages.
Leverage existing hardware and software technology into designs of new products and solutions.
Carry out other duties and responsibilities as may be assigned or required.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Education and Experience:
Bachelors or Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related field OR equivalent experience in related field.
2+ years of professional experience in software development.
Other Qualifications:
Strong problem solving, algorithm development, analytical, design, and debugging skills.
Thorough understanding of technical issues and provide alternate solutions to resolve issues.
Able to communicate and work with all levels of developers, managers, and business representatives.
Demonstrate strong oral and written communication skills.
Travel requirements (international and domestic): 5%
Computer proficiency with Microsoft (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) and Internet applications.
Able and willing to work alternative schedules including weekend, and on-call hours as needed.
Legally permitted to work in the United States.
Able to work in a general office environment.
Familiarity with software version control tools like Git or SVN, defect tracking tools, and peer review.
Strong understanding and experience implementing Design Patterns, understanding of data structures and implementing algorithms.
Good understanding of security concerns/threats and implementing security best practices.
Knowledge of Agile software development (Scrum) and testing methodologies.
Strong motivation and ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment supporting a business-critical production environment.
Design and development experience with C, C++ 11/14/17, C#, or Java.
Design and development experience with script-based languages such as Lua, Python, or JavaScript.
Familiarity with IP protocols and inter-process communication. Multithreading, multiprocessing, real-time systems.
Ability to assess third party and open source software.
Ability to monitor and improve efficiency, stability of the system.
CORE COMPETENCIES:
Ethics and Integrity Personal Growth and Learning, Customer Focus, Personal Accountable, Building Effective Relationships
If you thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented work environment that offers challenges and the opportunity for growth, we are the place for you! SICK has several locations throughout domestic US and offers competitive wages and an excellent benefits program. Qualified candidates can apply online by clicking the apply online button. Visit us at www.sickusa.com.
Affirmative Action (AA)/Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) M/F/D/V
--- No H1B/OPT or C2C candidates please -----
The candidate will serve as a Microsoft technologies focused , API - QA Engineer on a Federal Case Management System modernization program leveraging MS Dynamics 365/PowerApps on Microsoft Azure GCC High.
The successful candidate will have significant experience implementing and designing Test Scripts for testing APIs using JMeter and Postman.
As a Senior Quality Engineer, you will perform a wide range of quality control tests and analysis to ensure that the software meets or exceeds specified standards and end-user requirements. You will collaborate with the development team to establish testing strategy, acceptance criteria, and to develop/ execute automated testing.
Responsibilities - Day-to-day you will: 
- Develop test scripts in Postman and JMeter for testing APIs developed in the PowerApps application/s in Azure and their integration with backend systems . All APIs are being developed on Azure GCC High.
- Participate in artifact review / inspection meetings, identifying issues and providing feedback
- Identify QA Process Issues and escalate appropriately
- Author basic Test Matrices from Business/Technical Requirements with some supervision
- Take ownership of basic QA Planning Tasks with some supervision
- Translate the 'Big Picture' of an application and business needs into personal work
- Create, edit, and update automated test scripts
The candidate will provide expertise in the planning, constructing and execution of test scripts. 
The candidate will also apply business and functional knowledge including testing standards, guidelines, and testing methodology to meet the team's overall test objectives.
Ensure all testing results are easily accessible and understandable. Track defects to closure and keep defect repository up to date.
Accountabilities & Metrics: 
- Develop/Design best practices for automated test scripts using JMeter and Postman for testing the APIs developed on the Case Management application being developed on MS Dynamics (Azure experience API testing experience is mandatory and MS Dynamics experience is a huge plus)
- Up-to-date knowledge of Microsoft products
- Ability to gain an understanding of customer process and issues, and communicate them back
- Ability to work in teams and individually when needed- Strong verbal and written communication skills
- Demonstrated excellence in communicating and presenting complex information to technical and non-technical stakeholders, both verbally and in written form
Mandatory Requirements (6 plus year's experience required)

6 plus years prior hands on experience developing test scripts for testing APIs developed on MS Azure via Postman/JMeter
6 plus years Javascript and Java experience developing scripts on Postman and JMeter
5 + years of SQL experience

Skill Requirements 

API and Automated Testing – Expert
Performance Testing Strategy – Mid Level
Functional Test Planning – Mid Level

Qualifications & Experience 

Proficiency in testing on the Azure platform (4 plus years)
You are comfortable interacting with customers and have the ability to communicate effectively
Candidate must have the unrestricted right to work in the US without requiring sponsorship and is eligible for a Federal Government Public Trust Security Clearance

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Selenium: 10 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We're looking for a Python Developer for a W2 opportunity. I cannot do C2C or offer sponsorship as of now.
Job Title:  Python Developer
Location:  (Hybrid)
Position:  W2 Employment
Visa's:  OPT, Day1 CPT, H1B, H4-ead
(Authorized to work anywhere in the USA and for only those who are staying in the USA)
Required Skills: 

4-6+ years of experience in Python development.
Good understanding of OOPS concepts
In-depth knowledge and experience with Data structures and Collections
understanding of Functional programming.
Good understanding of Python libraries (Pandas and NumPy etc.)
Good knowledge of frameworks like Django, Flask, or any other web frameworks
Sound Knowledge of Software engineering design patterns and practices
4+ years of experience in SQL Development.
Excellent written & verbal communication, ability to multitask, work well under demanding situations, prioritize and meet the deadline
in the data structure, Algorithm, Multithreading, and concurrency.

Benefits: 

Competitive salary
Flexible work schedule & part-time off
E-verified
H1B and GC filling
On job technical support
Skill Enhancement
Guesthouse facilities are also available
Opportunity to work with Fortune 500 Companies

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $45.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
About Grainger:
Grainger is a leading broad line distributor with operations primarily in North America, Japan and the United Kingdom. We achieve our purpose, We Keep the World Working®, by serving more than 4.5 million customers with a wide range of products that keep their operations running and their people safe. Grainger also delivers services and solutions, such as technical support and inventory management, to save customers time and money.
We're looking for passionate people who can move our company forward. As one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For, we have a welcoming workplace where you can build a career for yourself while fulfilling our purpose to keep the world working. We embrace new ways of thinking and recognize everyone is an individual. Find your way with Grainger today.

Position Details:
As a Senior Software Engineer Coach, you will work across people, process, and technology to guide teams along their continuous improvement journey and empower them to make better software.
You will partner with Technical Practice leads and participate in a range activities to better understand the broad product and technical roadmap of Grainger Technology Group (GTG) and what it will take to delivery for our customers.
Reporting to the Director of Engineering Effectiveness or Lead Coach, you will be based either in Chicago or Lake Forest, IL or remotely.

You Will:
Work with diverse teams to understand how work moves to engineering teams and how they communicate progress and impediments.
Lead teams towards a growth mindset and demonstrate learning behaviors, supporting each person's growth.
Work with teams and individual engineers in a pair/mob programming model
Build software pipelines that provide fast feedback and train the team on how to maintain them on their own.
Know how to use and teach people how to use platforms and shared capabilities built by other teams to learn new and evolving technologies

You Have:
At least 5 years of experience working in or with technology teams
Experience building production applications or components in 2 or more programming languages such as Java, Kotlin, Node.JS and Python.
Experience working in a public Cloud across multiple services and technologies including Kubernetes, application services, databases and networking
Experience building tests capabilities that can run during the CI process (TDD/Unit testing) and can explain the benefit.
Experience working with different integration methods such API or data streams
Experience coaching technical and product people
Experience applying/coaching lean, agile and DevOps principles to improve the flow of value
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, related disciplines or equivalent work experience

Rewards and Benefits:
With benefits starting day one, Grainger is committed to your safety, health and wellbeing. Our programs provide choice and flexibility to meet our team members' individual needs. Check out some of the rewards available to you at Grainger
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans
Paid time off (PTO) and 6 company holidays per year
Automatic 6% 401(k) company contribution each pay period
Employee discounts, parental leave, 3:1 match on donations and tuition reimbursement
A comprehensive set of emotional, financial, physical and social wellbeing programs

DEI Statement
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
Who We Are
Letter B is a Software solutions provider of custom ERP, MRP and Business management systems. We develop new software, upgrade legacy software and integrating systems that do not currently talk with each other.
The Position Details
The Software Developer (java) will develop java based API / micro service functionality that will be deployed remotely to customer systems using WAR Files.
Job Responsibilities
* Be part of an integrated development team that will work on business management and process design software. The tasks integrate data from multiple sources to provide meaningful content to the consumers.
* Develop software solutions utilizing a varied tool set but primarily​Intellij, Dbeaver, docker, sql server, WAR files, Angular JS, Node JS
* Provide exceptional customer service through timely, courteous, and respectful communication; effective listening; identifying and anticipating needs; and helping customers understand their system(s).
* Prepares detailed specifications, technical and user documentation from which reports and extracts will be written.
* Ability to handle multiple tasks at the same time
* Flexibility to work the occasional night or weekend if the project demands it
* Customer Support- for existing and new customers
* Ability to communicate effectively without any verbal or in person interactions
Position Qualifications
* At lease 3 years software development experience
* Strong organizational and communication skills and familiar with deploying code as well as, version control methods.
* Strong attention to details and a focus on making sure that the small specifics are taken care of
* Ability to question and eyeball data quality in reports.
* Analytical, problem-solving and conceptual skills
* Self starter that once they are introduced to the task is willing to research and work to get it done with basic supervision
*Associates degree or higher is required for this position
Why you should Work for Letter B
* We are good people that like to work with good people and for good people
* Every day and every project is different and provides a new set of challenges.
* Health, and Dental Insurance
* Paid Time Off
* Working in your fuzzy slippers with people from around the world on a daily basis is fun
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $30.00 - $36.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance

Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Night shift
Weekend availability

COVID-19 considerations:None we are a remote team.
Education:

Associate (Preferred)

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Preferred)
Docker: 1 year (Preferred)
JSON: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Company Overview
 iboss is a cloud security company that enables the modern workforce to connect securely and directly to all applications from wherever they work. Built on a containerized cloud architecture, iboss delivers security capabilities such as SWG, malware defense, RBI, CASB and data loss prevention to all connections via the cloud, instantaneously and at scale. This eliminates the need for traditional network security appliances, such as VPNs, firewalls and web gateway proxies, which are ineffective at protecting a cloud-first and mobile world. Leveraging a purpose-built cloud architecture backed by 230+ issued and pending patents and more than 100 points of presence globally, iboss processes over 150 billion transactions daily, blocking 4 billion threats per day. More than 4,000 global enterprises trust the iboss Cloud Platform to support their modern workforces, including a large number of Fortune 50 companies. To learn more, visit https://www.iboss.com/.
 Job Description
 As a C++ Software Engineer at iboss, you will have the opportunity to work on multiple technologies at a fast growing cybersecurity company. This is an excellent opportunity to become a leading member of a rapidly growing software development team. There are many exciting projects on which to work. iboss software developers excel at solving tough problems, collaborating well, and working with customer teams to rapidly deploy solutions.
 Responsibilities

 Ability to design and develop clean and maintainable code for high-volume production applications
 Experience coding in C/C++ and other technologies
 Experience working with large data sets
 Experience developing distributed software product architectures
 Quickly understand and extend engineering architectural patterns
 Deep understanding of the concepts behind solid software design: Abstraction, Modularity, Design Patterns, Representation Invariants,
 Networking, wireless, and/or security experience or knowledge preferred
 Document engineering designs
 Strong database knowledge of SQL constructs, and data modeling

 Qualifications

 7+ years of software development experience in large scale commercial networking-oriented applications
 TCP/IP protocol stack, HTTP, DNS, and other related protocols
 Experience developing distributed software product architectures
 Strong analytical capability and record of independent contributions
 Must have a good sense of engineering tradeoffs, within the contexts of extendibility, scalability, performance, and maintainability
 Working knowledge of database technologies and SQL
 Comfortable working on a Unix environment
 Experience working in an Agile environment
 Team player with excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment
 Demonstrate excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to listen, articulate, facilitate and advocate
 Master's or Bachelor's degree in either Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Software Engineering

 Benefits

 Health, Vision, Dental, Chiropractic - open to domestic partners
 401K with company match
 Paid Time Off (PTO)
 Company paid holidays
 Optimistic, supportive, and fun work environment
 Fantastic quarterly company events

 The duties and responsibilities described above are essential functions of the job.
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, status as a veteran or as an individual with a disability.

This position is not eligible for sponsorship of work visas


About Us

We are a SaaS MarTech company specializing in personalized email marketing for blue-chip brands.

Our platform empowers marketers to automatically create hyper-dynamic HTML email content modules at scale. It’s integrated with enterprise ESPs, such as Salesforce Marketing Cloud APIs, so clients can easily publish these email modules from our system with the push of a button.

The best way to envision this is to imagine reading a magazine, and with every page turn, the content learns about you and can predict the content that is most relevant to you as an individual.

Since COVID, we have transitioned to a work-from-almost-anywhere framework. What that means in practical terms is that people can be virtual, or if needed, can work in a WeWork location. We still think team building is important, so we also plan in-person quarterly gatherings and monthly virtual events.

About the role:

We’re looking for a self-professed email nerd to join us as an Email / HTML Developer. You’re a rockstar developer who thrives on building personalized, helpful, and effective email experiences that stand out in the inbox. You’ll work with designers, writers, strategists, and other developers to code pixel-perfect responsive email campaigns, templates, and design systems.

What You’ll Do:

Develop and maintain fully responsive templates and individual emails via best in class HTML/CSS for various email programs
Hand-code responsive emails and landing pages using W3C standards-compliant HTML, CSS, AMP Framework (for Email), AMPscript/Javascript, etc
Hands-on experience with end-to-end email campaign deployment with various email service providers, (Salesforce Marketing Cloud experience a plus!)
Perform thorough quality assurance on every email to ensure that campaigns are rendering error-free and that all content is populating as expected (Email on Acid)

What The Role Requires:

4+ years of experience coding, testing, and deploying responsive email campaigns
Working knowledge of Adobe Photoshop/XD (capable of converting PSDs to pixel-perfect HTML/CSS)
Proven experience coding campaigns end to end, including simple to complex dynamic content
Thorough understanding of email principles and email best practices (A/B testing, dynamic content, campaign automation, etc.)
Excellent communication and project management skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, managing deadlines and obtaining necessary approvals

Perks:

Choice of Blink Gym or Citibike membership
Total of 24 PTO package that includes things like: company shut down between Christmas and New Years, Presidents' Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, two 4-day weekends on the summer holidays, July 4th and a 4-day Thanksgiving break. This also includes 10 PTO days to use at your convenience.
Health, vision & dental benefits
401k plan with matching
Referral bonus program
A comprehensive career development program and training


The best perk? Our people. If you’re ready to join us, apply now!
Must Haves:

5 years’ experience within Progress/OpenEdge development -the current Progress version in use is 11.6 – versions close to this will be accepted
Must have strong 4 GL programming and troubleshooting skills
Familiarity with Progress DBA functionalities is strongly desired (will take a blended Developer/DBA candidate)
Must be willing to occasionally be on-call to ensure that our systems have minimum downtime, if any.
Technical environment is Progress, Open Edge and UNIX
Agile experience preferred.

robert(AT)1pointsys(DOT)com
(803) 380-8124
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Enterprise Solutions is searching for a Cloud Engineer (Azure Consultant) for a financial services company in King of Prussia, PA. This is a hybrid position (100% Remote for the right candidate). 


Responsibilities for Cloud Engineer: 

 Work with a team to build and continuously deploy applications in a cloud environment
 Assist in the migration to a cloud environment, designing and automating IaaS and PaaS capabilities 



Qualifications for Cloud Engineer: 

 10 years of total experience within a fast-past, heavy development organization
 5-7 years of experience in Azure cloud projects
 Experience supporting large-scale cloud migrations in Azure
 Level-2 Azure support capabilities (troubleshooting, logs, services, tuning)
 Hands-on experience working with Microsoft Azure (App Services and Identity Monitoring)
 DevOps exposure is nice to have but not required
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience 



Compensation/Benefits for Cloud Engineer:

 100% Remote possibility, hybrid preferred, must be EST
 $70-$80/hr, W2 Contract, Long-term
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, PTO


 Keywords: cloud, cloud solutions, cloud engineer, big data cloud engineer, ansible, azure, nodejs, docker, Jenkins, teamcity, octopus, logic app, app services, identity monitoring, identity, level 2, azure functions, terraform, puppet, chef, gitlab, rudder, saltstack, devops, azure management, project management, troubleshooting, logs, technical documentation, cloudhealth, morpheus, servicenow, Kubernetes, ci/cd, cicd, dedicated sql, serverless sql, sql, azure storage, python, java, scala, object oriented programming, kappa, data lake, data warehouse, agile, scrum, nosql, azure storage, blob storage, data lake store, cosmos db, azure synapse, azure sql, remote, pharma, pharmaceuticals, benefits, holiday, vacation, PTO


Pioneers. Innovators. Professionals. TechINT Solutions Group (TechINT) is recognized for its knowledge and experience in providing innovative technology exploitation, operational intelligence, counter unmanned aerial systems and cyber security. TechINT Solutions Group has developed a unique analytical methodology to understand current and emerging technology that can be co-opted for nefarious purposes. Our innovative analytical methodology helps identify key variables indicative of illicit use or planned illicit use technologies.
TechINT Solutions Group is looking for a Build and Release Engineer to join our team working in Reston, VA or fully remote. This position supports multiple federal agencies through the Continuous Diagnostics & Mitigation (CDM) Program. Job# TI953
The Build and Release Engineer responsibilities include perform as a technical liaison for Release and the Engineering workstream teams on every aspect associated with final builds and control release baseline issues. This position requires the candidate to support and enhance program lab environment to ensure integrated products have reliability, observability and maintainability required for customer deployment. They will also bring a consultative approach identify and improve tools for continuous build, automated testing and release management.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 

Assist Release Manager executing release activities in accordance with established Release Management procedures and processes
Define, implement, and enforce strong software build, deployment process for development, testing and production systems
Configure repositories with application code and maintain code for multiple applications
Perform GIT and Subversion administration and migration activities
Create GIT and Subversion repositories with standard directory layout of trunk, branches, tags and also customized directory based on business/program need
Work with developers, QA teams, and product managers to ensure releases are delivered with a repeatable and auditable process
Make recommendations on specific aspects of build and deployment and continuously strive towards improvements in process and productivity through technology improvements
Perform day-to-day release tasks needed to automate and deploy release through DEV and TEST environments
Perform other duties as assigned

Requirements

Bachelor’s degree in computer-related or engineering field, or equivalent work experience
4 – 6 years demonstrated experiences in software development, build/release engineering with at least two years in a build engineer role
Proficient in GitLab and Subversion code repository management
Hands on experience on tools and technologies like Jenkins, GIT, Linux, Java, Docker, Jira, confluence, MySQL, sqlserver, etc.
Experience on scripting languages including PowerShell and Python
Knowledge of Scaled Agile Software Development experience
Knowledge of IT systems management, Systems Engineering Life Cycles (SELC) and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experience with Microsoft Office (including MS Office suite, Visio, and Project)
Must be a self-starter with the ability to build processes from ground level
Ability to coordinate between cross-functional teams
Ability to work in fast-paced environment with frequent software releases
Must be able to effectively complete simultaneous tasks with independent deadlines and deliverables.
Effective oral and written communication skills with customer, technical, and management personnel
Must possess a self-starter mentality and an effective problem solver
Detail oriented, well organized and customer focused
Strong interpersonal and collaborations skills; be able to work in a team-oriented environment and also work independently
Ability to adhere to defined processes & procedures, and suggest improvements
Experience with CI/CD pipeline implementation and management
Experience with DevOps or any related training/certifications
Familiarity with large organization agile practices such as with SAFe/Scaled Agile Frameworks
Office work, typically sedentary with some movement around the office

Security Clearance Requirements

Must be a US citizen and pass a background investigation
Able to obtain and maintain a DHS Suitability

BenefitsTechINT Solutions Group recognizes the need to support the well-being of our team members which is why we offer 15 personal days plus 10 paid federal holidays per year which will grow over time. We offer above industry standard medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans along with a competitive 401k retirement plan to ensure we help support you, your family's well-being, and your retirement strategy as you grow with TechINT
PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISIONTechINT Solutions Group will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by TechINT Solution Group, or (c) consistent with TechINT Solutions Group’s legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $1.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Software Development: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Multiple Locations


Travel Required: Less than 10% 
Public Trust: NACLC (T3) 
Requisition Type: Regular 

We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. Our work has meaning and impact on the world around us, but also on us, and that’s important.

 GDIT Technology Shared Services (TSS) is your place! You make it your own by bringing your ideas and unique perspective to our culture. By owning your opportunity at GDIT, you are helping us ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter.

 At GDIT, people are our differentiator. As a Sr. Web Developer supporting our Digital Engineering Environment (DEE) team, you will be trusted to research, design, develop, test, and/or modifies enterprise-wide systems and/or applications software. This position will be worked remotely.

 In this role, a typical day will include the responsibilities below:

 Design and develop new web applications and services and be a major contributor to migrating existing applications and services to new solutions.
 Maintain and support existing web applications, including some non-business hour
 Develop robust, enterprise-class web sites
 Write and tune SQL and noSQL database queries
 Mentor team members and collaborating on design
 Design data models and web APIs
 Work closely with users in an iterative development environment


 Required qualifications: 

BS/BA in Computer Science, Engineering, or in a related field (or equivalent years of experience)
 5+ years of web development experience
 Hands on professional experience with React + Django
 Experience with one or more object-oriented languages
 Experience with one or more scripted languages
 Experience with distributed and event driven design
 Experience working in multiple domains and have significant experience building web applications from start to finish.
 Experience developed web applications that include architectural characteristics like scalability, reliability, elasticity, security and resiliency using modern development tools.
 Experience in optimizing development for a cloud environment.
 Experience with Testing frameworks and providing operational user support
 Customer contract requires US Citizenship


 Preferred qualifications:
 Experience with the following:

 Java
 Python
 Hibernate
 Spring
 Pair Programming
 JQuery
 Tomcat Apache
 Cypress Testing Framework
 Docker
 Agile Teams
 CI/CD environment
 Business Applications
 Security compliance standards


 WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU: 

Full-flex work week
 401K with company match
 Internal mobility team dedicated to helping you own your career
 Collaborative teams of highly motivated critical thinkers and innovators
 Ability to make a real impact on the world around you


 GDIT CAREERS 
Opportunity Owned 
The likely salary range for this position is $84,000 - $126,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. 
View information about benefits and our total rewards program. 



About Our Work
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
COVID-19 Vaccination
 GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
 GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.




Job Description
 VMWare is currently in the midst of a generational transformation from an Enterprise Software Company to a Cloud Services provider, we are heavily investing in each and every facet of our business.

 Compute: With CNCF/Kubernetes as the foundation we are working towards an Enterprise Grade compute platform that is optimized to run on the multiple public cloud environments (AWS, Azure …)
 Networking: VMWare’s Network Virtualization environment called NSX is critical for modern multi-cloud applications and is one of the fastest growing products within VMWare.
 End User Computing: A billion+ dollar business for VMWare which is rapidly transitioning to the cloud and presents an incredible opportunity to build truly cloud scales services for Desktop Virtualization and Mobile Device Management.
 Here at EUC we are working tirelessly to transition our VDI software to be multi-cloud ready: including AWS, IBM SoftLayer, and Azure. Are you up for the challenges? Are you a self-driven individual who always ask yourself: “How can I be better”? Are you unafraid of tackling a seemingly massive, unsolvable problem? Do you have the itch to learn? Do you take high pride in what you deliver? Do you thrive in a fast-paced environment? If so, we are looking for an engineer with Enterprise software development background who is capable of building VMWare’s next generation, multi-cloud enabled solution. The team is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join Horizon Instant Clone team in EUC.

 Links to product -
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eoaTzEnwWc&t=269s

 https://blogs.vmware.com/euc/2016/02/horizon-7-view-instant-clone-technology-linked-clone-just-in-time-desktop.html

 Responsibilities:

 Be a significant contributor in a strong engineering team, spanning multiple geographies in a fast paced environment.
 Work with engineering leads to identify architectural roadmap
 Designing, building, or improving architectural components on VMware Horizon Cloud and Horizon Enterprise
 Serve as feature owner and be responsible for software delivery and support
 Be the champion for attaining a higher quality bar with emphasis on reliable automated tests (you own the quality) with continuous integration in an agile environment.
 Think outside of the box and critically! Continuously drive new innovations and prototyping.
 Identify new use cases and product improvements. Proactively communicate with stakeholders to evaluate business opportunities.


 Qualifications:

 5+ years enterprise software development experience
 Track record of architecting, designing reusable, high-performant and scalable systems.
 Experienced java coding skills and at least one scripting language (Ex: Python, shell, JavaScript, etc.)
 Experience in web technologies like RESTful APIs, Jersey, Spring as well as experienced in databases such as Postgres, MongoDB, MySQL.
 Strong analytical, debugging and problem-solving skills
 Quick learner, self-motivated and has the ability to work independently
 You have strong verbal, written communication skills and a collaborative problem solving style.
 Working knowledge of virtualization technology
 Be self-motivated and proactively manage time and tasks
 BS/MS in Computer Science


 The position is eligible for JoinEUCeng referral campaign
 This job may require the candidate to travel and/or work from a facility that requires full vaccination prior to entry.
 Category : Engineering and Technology Subcategory: Software Engineering Experience: Manager and Professional Full Time/ Part Time: Full Time Posted Date: 2022-04-17
 VMware Company Overview: At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement: VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.
 


  Description: 
   About the Company:
 Spatial Front, Inc is the fast-growing small company providing IT solutions to federal, state, local governments, and the private sector. SFI is nationally recognized by Inc. Magazine by being awarded the Inc. 5000 Award in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. We pride ourselves on being one of the premier employers in the VA, MD, DC area.
 SFI is an industry leader in delivering cutting-edge technical solutions and mission support services that bring our customer’s businesses to the forefront of the 21st century. Our corporate commitment to excellence in client services and product development means that our people are attentive, hands-on, and bring industry-leading expertise that will meet and exceed your needs in a straightforward, timely, and cost-effective manner.
 Every employee at SFI is a leader. We don’t settle. We blaze our own path and inspire those around us into action. We motivate others to reach their full potential. To learn more about us visit: www.spatialfront.com
 Project Overview:
 SFI is currently looking for a Test Automation Engineer to join our NHTSA Artemis O&M team. The focus of this position is on Performance/Load & Automation Testing, Quality Assurance (QA) and Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) of supported applications.
 Summary of Major Job Functions:
 The candidate will provide support in developing performance testing methodologies, test plans, automated test script development, executing Performance and Load test scripts, reporting/tracking defects, and working with the development teams to resolve issues; serve as liaison to the Project/Program Manager and backup to the Test Team Lead.
 This person will work closely with the Test Lead and Manager to ensure their work is consistent with the methodologies and coverage thresholds for the team.
 Responsibilities/Job Description:

 The candidate should have extensive experience testing in one or more specific areas and drive continuous improvement and innovation in test coverage and test effectiveness.
 Should be able to design and implement test strategies to improve efficiency in manual testing.
 Design and implement UI testing using frameworks such as Selenium.
 Design and implement API tests to increase testing efficiency and effectiveness.
 Have extensive experience collaborating with QA Analysts and Software Developers to develop solutions.
 Become product/testing expert for supported areas, and provide testing guidance to developers.
 Improve existing test automation frameworks and infrastructure.
 Write and implement test case as part of individual development sprints.
 Experience using defect tracking tools (Redmine, HP ALM, JIRA).
 . Requirements: 
   Skills & Experience:

 3+ of years of testing experience, ideally testing web-based applications.
 2+ years' Experience with test automation (Selenium).
 2+ years' Experience with API testing (SoapUI, JMeter).
 2 + years in a programming or scripting language (JavaScript, Java, Python, PHP, C++).
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

 Desired Skills & Qualifications

 Extensive knowledge and experience of software testing concepts and best practices.
 Experience using defect tracking tools (Redmine, HP ALM).
 Experience with Agile software development process (working with a scrum team).
 Familiarity with the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process and technical documentation.
 Ability to provide guidance and direction to lower-level technicians, specialists, and managers.

 Education: Bachelors in computer science or relevant experience.
 Certifications: ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL)ISTQB Certified Tester Advanced Level (CTAL)
 Additional Requirements:

 In order to meet the clearance requirements for this opportunity, candidates must be eligible to work in the United States.
 Ability to pass a US Public Trust background investigation for access to the client site and computing systems. You must have lived in the US for the past three (3) years.
 All candidates will be subject to a complete background check to include, but not limited to Criminal History, Education Verification, Professional Certification Verification, Verification of Previous Employment and Credit History.

 Other Information:

 The salary range for this position is $80,000 - $120,000 annually
 Information about SFI's benefits can be found at http://www.spatialfront.com/pages/career.html.
 This is a full-time position. Please no agencies, third parties, or corp-to-corp.
 Equal-opportunity Employer, EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability.
 Spatial Front Inc. participates in E-Verify.




We help the world run better
 Our company culture is focused on helping our employees enable innovation by building breakthroughs together. How? We focus every day on building the foundation for tomorrow and creating a workplace that embraces differences, values flexibility, and is aligned to our purpose-driven and future-focused work. We offer a highly collaborative, caring team environment with a strong focus on learning and development, recognition for your individual contributions, and a variety of benefit options for you to choose from. Apply now!

 Team Details As part of the SAP Concur Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) group, the Security Infrastructure team’s mission is to provide an Enterprise-level of support for security applications and services being used within the SAP Concur environments. The team will be responsible for guaranteeing the overall health and stability of the multiple security tools in the environment. As a member of this team, we collaborate with other SAP Security teams to ensure we have a unified security toolset within SAP.

 Tasks

 Collaborate across a variety of stakeholders to ensure requests and requirements are driven toward problem resolution
 Configuration, documentation, optimization, and support of the security control plane infrastructure components in a hybrid cloud environment
 Work with the Security Infrastructure team to build automation for engineering products and also build infrastructure as code.
 Apply cybersecurity and privacy principles to organizational requirements (relevant to confidentiality, integrity, availability, authentication, and non-repudiation).
 Participate in on-call rotation for Development and Production support activity to ensure smooth operations and maximize uptime
 Documentation creation and management (SharePoint, Wiki)


 Educational and Qualifications

 3-5 Years Windows Server Administration
 3-5 Years Linux Server Administration
 2-4 Years AWS Administration
 2-4 years of scripting language (Powershell/Python)
 An overall understanding of infrastructure, networking, and security services
 Background check is required to work in government-level secured systems. Please note: one of the requirements of this Clearance is that the individual be a US citizen. If chosen candidate does not have active clearance, the candidate must be able to obtain and maintain the required clearance.
 A college degree or equivalent or completion of technical training is preferred, additional experience may be considered in lieu of a degree


 We build breakthroughs together
 SAP innovations help more than 400,000 customers worldwide work together more efficiently and use business insight more effectively. Originally known for leadership in enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, SAP has evolved to become a market leader in end-to-end business application software and related services for database, analytics, intelligent technologies, and experience management. As a cloud company with 200 million users and more than 100,000 employees worldwide, we are purpose-driven and future-focused, with a highly collaborative team ethic and commitment to personal development. Whether connecting global industries, people, or platforms, we help ensure every challenge gets the solution it deserves. At SAP, we build breakthroughs, together.
 We win with inclusion
 SAP’s culture of inclusion, focus on health and well-being, and flexible working models help ensure that everyone – regardless of background – feels included and can run at their best. At SAP, we believe we are made stronger by the unique capabilities and qualities that each person brings to our company, and we invest in our employees to inspire confidence and help everyone realize their full potential. We ultimately believe in unleashing all talent and creating a better and more equitable world. SAP is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to the values of Equal Employment Opportunity and provide accessibility accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team: Careers@sap.com. For SAP employees: Only permanent roles are eligible for the SAP Employee Referral Program, according to the eligibility rules set in the SAP Referral Policy. Specific conditions may apply for roles in Vocational Training.
 EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:
 Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, age, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, et al), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, protected veteran status, or disability.
 Requisition ID: 339233 | Work Area: Software-Development Operations | Expected Travel: 0 - 10% | Career Status: Professional | Employment Type: Regular Full Time | Additional Locations: Virtual - USA #LI-Hybrid



About JW Player:
 JW Player is the leading video software and data insights platform that gives our customers independence and control in today's Digital Video Economy. Founded over a decade ago as an open source video player, JW Player's technology platform now powers digital video for hundreds of thousands of businesses across NA, EMEA, APAC and LATAM. Each month, there are over 1 billion viewers across 2.7 billion unique devices consuming video on JW Player's technology.
 The Engineering Team:
 Our Engineering team plays a big part in the company's success through the development of innovative technologies. Engineers at JW Player are passionate about writing code and solving complex problems. Equipped with modern tech stack, our Engineers attribute to helping drive monetization for our customers across billions of devices monthly.
 Remote Work & Relocation: 
JW Player Engineering is committed to offering location flexibility in relevant roles now and in the future. Candidates considered for this role may choose to work fully remote, fully office based, or somewhere in between (i.e flexible).
 The Opportunity:
 We are looking to hire Senior Backend Engineers across our growing global organization. JW Player's Engineering team comprises of various groups such as Data Pipelines, Media Processing & Delivery, APIs, and advertising. Depending on the team, you will be exposed to multiple unique projects where you will have the opportunity to demonstrate and grow your technical skills.
 As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will:

Collaborate in a cross-functional team focused around our customer experience 
    
Teams such as: Front-End Engineers, Data Science, Design and Product Management

Contribute to innovative technology and architecture of a global production-scale service layer 
    
The latest in delivery and deployment tools like K8S, CICD, Containerization, Deployment, etc.

Use popular languages like Python, Go or Java in day-to-day coding
Make material impact on streaming products, video encoding and media processing services
Participate in code reviews with fellow engineering peers

Requirements for this role:

3+ years of backend software development and engineering 
    
Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field; or experience equivalent

Experience designing, implementing, and managing distributed systems that are highly available, scalable and fault tolerant
Experience with micro-services architecture: Designing, creating, deploying, testing and monitoring
Exposure and understanding to Object Oriented Design Patterns
Insight to database design and RDBMS concepts and domain-driven designs
Solid understanding of source control management system
Substantial experience with Unix/Linux

Bonus Points:

Knowledge of video encoding, ad networks, content management platforms, and/or streaming protocols
Experience with building scalable systems using cloud infrastructures like AWS or Google Cloud
Contributed to open-source projects
Experience with Docker and/or Linux Containers
Familiarity with event-driven or message-driven architecture

Perks of being at JW Player, U.S
 When you join JW Player, you are not just joining a company or a team but a family. Our goal is to take care of you and ensure you will be successful in your new role. Your success is our success!
 As a full time employee, you will qualify for:

Private Medical, Vision and Dental Coverage for you and your family
Competitive Paid Time Off
Stock Options Purchase Program
Quarterly and Annual Team Events - because team building is important!
Professional Career Program and Career Development Opportunities
Bi-Annual Hack Weeks for those who are interested in using their coding knowledge
Fireside chats with individuals in the JW Player family

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.


Job Title: Java Developer
Location: Remote (Texas & California)
Contract: 12+ Months
Responsibilities: 

Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle.
Write well designed, testable, efficient code.
Ensure designs are in compliance with specifications.
Prepare and produce releases of software components.
Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies and presenting these for architectural review.

Skills: 

BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject.
Proven hands-on Software Development experience.
Proven working experience in Java development.
Hands on experience in designing and developing applications using Java EE platforms.
Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns.
Profound insight of Java and JEE internals (Classloading, Memory Management, Transaction management etc).
Excellent knowledge of Relational Databases, SQL and ORM technologies (JPA2, Hibernate).
Experience in the Spring Framework.
Experience in developing web applications using at least one popular web framework (JSF, Wicket, GWT, Spring MVC).
Experience with test-driven development.

“We do provide H1B sponsorship for OPT, CPT, and L2 EAD”.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Ability to commute/relocate:

Austin, TX: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Experience:

Java: 6 years (Preferred)
Spring Boot: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

 • 7+ years of business development, sales, or alliance management experience in the software/technology industry • 3+ years of experience working in machine learning, analytics, or data-related business categories • Demonstrated ability to exceed sales, business development, or alliance management goals against annual growth targets • Experience engaging and influencing senior executives and strong familiarity with decision making processes in enterprise customers • Demonstrated experience working and communicating with multiple stakeholders and driving strategic plans across various teams including solution architecture, product management, partner management, and account management teams • Demonstrated experience defining business goals and developing and executing go-to-market plans that exceed goals. 
 

  Job summary
   Are you energized to create new markets for Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), and Deep Learning (DL) technology? Do you love building new businesses? Amazon Web Services (AWS) is looking for a world class partner development specialist to grow the AWS AI/ML service portfolio through consulting (SI/GSI) and technology (ISV) partners in North America. You will have the exciting opportunity to develop and execute go-to-market strategies that enable partners to build solutions, offerings, and integrations that help customers solve business challenges leveraging AWS’ full AI/ML stack. 
  
 Activities include leading joint get-to-market and go-to-market plans, developing regionally focused initiatives to enable partners at scale, engaging in customer opportunities, and influence product roadmaps. You will be responsible for driving top line revenue growth and overall market adoption of partner solutions by establishing and growing business and technical relationships while managing day-to-day partner interactions. 
   You will work with a range of stakeholders within partner organizations- from executives at some of largest consulting organizations in the world, to CEOs/CPOs of groundbreaking machine learning and artificial intelligence startups. Additionally, the NAMER AI/ML PDS will drive alignment across AWS internal stakeholders including partner management, specialist sales leadership, service aligned partner development specialists, and the broader AWS Partner Organization Programs.
  
 The AWS AI/ML services portfolio includes Amazon Sagemaker, and 20+ AI services including Amazon Textract, Amazon Rekognition, and Amazon Kendra.
  
 Work/Life Harmony.
   Our team also puts a high value on work-life harmony. Striking a healthy balance between your personal and professional life is crucial to your happiness and success here, which is why we aren’t focused on how many hours you spend at work or online. Instead, we’re happy to offer a flexible schedule so you can have a more productive and well-balanced life—both in and outside of work.
  
 Mentorship & Career Growth.
   Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
  
 Inclusive and Diverse Culture
   Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have twelve employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and we host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 14 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.
  
 **This job can be based in any US-West Coast or Central Amazon Office**
  
 Key job responsibilities
  

Build and execute scalable mechanisms to grow the Amazon AI/ML portfolio of services through consulting partners including practice development, offering/solution development, enablement, and funding programs. 
Develop an ecosystem of technology partners that integrate with Amazon’s AI/ML portfolio of services and develop scalable initiatives to go-to-market and co-sell with these partners.
Drive partner revenue through regular pipeline, opportunity registration, and business reviews with partners and AWS teams to exceed annual goals.
Engage with field sales organizations, channels, and end customers to create and drive revenue opportunities for AWS
Promote the value of partners internally throughout AWS and externally with customers


 • 10+ years of sales, business development, or alliance management experience in the software/technology industry • 5+ years of experience in the machine learning or analytics category • BS or MS degree in technical field The pay range for this position in Colorado is $176,100 - $238,200 per year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

The Information Security Engineer is responsible for developing processes and technologies for the establishment and execution of the controls and security monitoring capability management, and response to include, assisting with the development of programs for enterprise logging, end-user behavior analytics, and security metrics and reporting.
The Information Security Engineer provides controls and security subject matter leadership into the design & delivery of controls and security architectures and development of standards and reference architectures. This includes the creation, support, and facilitation of governing principles that guide controls and security architecture decision-making. The Information Security Engineer will participate in the development of controls and security best practices to achieve the goals of the enterprise controls and security architecture, as well as act as a liaison to other teams.
Primary Responsibilities

Strong, track record of implementing controls and security architecture for complex solutions and ability to deliver results through partnering with stakeholders in IT and the business
Perform risk assessments to determine if new projects and deployments are aligned with regulatory requirements, industry standards, and best practices and comply with corporate information security and privacy policies
On-going project/program management and prioritization of information security risk management activities (including risk treatment plans and external audit/certification initiatives such as SOC 2 Type 2)
Plan and perform internal controls, security, and privacy audits to assess control design and effectiveness
Report on the status of compliance activities and develop metrics around the risk remediation program
Manage incoming and outgoing customer controls, security, and privacy information requests, and questionnaires
Communicate with company workers on security awareness topics
Support, exhibit, and grow a corporate culture that is committed to information controls and security best practices
Working knowledge of IT processes (i.e., ITIL) including program change control management to include but not limited to new code introduction and operating applications
Experience with secure architecture principles, security system integration, and configurations, and troubleshooting

Education & Experience

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems or equivalent experience
5+ years of cloud security and controls audit and/or implementation within AWS
4+ years experience with information security, control standards, compliance audits, and frameworks such as SOC 2 and/or ISO27001
Understanding of cloud application and security concepts, especially with AWS Microservices including but not limited to AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), AWS Security Hub, Amazon CloudWatch, Amazon Detective, and/or AWS Guard Duty.
Experience with AWS security monitoring and reporting tools in building metrics to capture compliance status
Ability to clearly communicate controls and security compliance requirements to internal teams and associated implementation to external customers
Understanding of SDLC, CI/CD, and API driven workflows
CISM, CISA, and similar certifications are preferred. CCSP certification is a plus
AWS Certified-Specialty certification is also strongly preferred
Strong attention to detail and written communication skills

Pay and Benefits:

Competitive Salary
Medical, Dental, and Vision
Stock Option Benefits
401k plus employer match
Remote work setting

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $125,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Fully Remote -SEI Developer- SWP-AIX- PL/SQL 
  
   If you are a Fully Remote -SEI Developer- SWP-AIX- PL/SQL with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    I have multiple of these positions open between Mid level to Senior level please apply if you work with SEI.
   
 " 5+ years of relevant experience and skilled in Oracle PL/SQL and Microsoft SQL programming with hands on in Cloud environment - preferably Azure
    " Expertise on Oracle PL/SQL programming
    " Sound knowledge in SEI SWP platform
    " Hands on experience of SEI SWP platform migration
    " Hands on experience of AIX platform
    " Experienced in SQL performance tuning and troubleshooting
    " Experience in Agile/Scrum based project executions
  
 What You Need for this Position

SEI Developer
SWP
PL/SQL
AIX Platform
AIX
SEI SWP platform migration
SEI SWP
SEI SWP platform

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Fully Remote -SEI Developer- SWP-AIX- PL/SQL with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Anya Glover
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 We are seeking multiple Software Engineers in a REMOTE work format for a large scale Army R&D program that entering it’s second of three phases of prototypes before moving into the program of record phase. This program is the Army's mobile intelligence ground station that will leverage space-based, aerial and terrestrial layer sensors to provide targetable data. The system will provide access to low earth orbit satellites, enable deep sensing and shorten the sensor-to-shooter loop. It will also feature a modular, open-systems architecture, and will employ analytic tools, including advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), to assist soldiers and analysts managing large volumes of sensor data at the speed of demand in multidomain operations and across the continuum of competition and conflict. 
 Our software engineers will be involved with all phases of the software development life cycle including: 
 

SW requirements analysis
Use case support
SW architecture analysis
Detailed design
Software builds
Generating test plans
Ensuring code meets requirements through thorough unit testing
Updating technical documents
Software integration support
Problem detection and resolving discrepancy reports

Skills & Qualifications:
Required Experience:


Bachelors Degree in Engineering or related
2+ Years of experience in the following: JavaScript, Java, ArcGIS, and User Interface development.
Ability to design, develop, and maintain new software functionality
Ability to work with previously written code and make modifications as necessary
Eligible for US DoD Clearance (TS/SCI would be a plus)

Preferred:


Experience with Informatica (preferred)

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.


Position: Mainframe DevOps Engineer  Location: Remote  Position Type: Contract to Hire (C2H)  Our client, a leading Financial Services Provider has an opening for a Mainframe DevOps Engineer. This is initially a 6 month contract opportunity with the expectation of extending well beyond that and/or converting to permanent. Fully remote position, but qualified candidates must sit in the U.S. and be able to support CST and EST time zones.
   
 Check out the qualifications below. If you feel that you meet these, please apply online. Let us help you make that next great career decision!
  The DevOps Engineer will be responsible for designing, developing, implementing, and maintaining the application release processes and pipelines. 100% of work is to support the Mainframe (cobol, and developers that are in the mainframe, they are going to be mentoring those developers to move to devops) The ideal candidate will function as an agent to help to foster a cultural shift in the software delivery process. Along with automation, they will focus on improving communication, collaboration that facilitate iterative improvement.
  
 Requirements:
  

Work directly with your manager and lead to development and other cross functional team to create operational roadmaps.
Design and develop tool chains for managing and applying DevOps principles, such as CI/CD automation and IaaC (Infrastructure as a Code) on our both On-premise and Cloud-based systems.
Work directly with your manager and lead to define and implement development, test, release, update, and support processes for DevOps operation.
Prepare documentation necessary for technology to communicate strategies and plans.
Hands on development assignments that follow design, implement, and administer platform tools as included but not limited to the following software products: GitLab, UCD, Artifactory, SonarQube, JIRA, -ServiceNow, and GitLab CI/CD
Familiarity with Git workflows and branching strategies (e.g., GitOps, Git Flow, etc.)
Troubleshoot production issues and participate in an On-Call rotation.
Willingness to learn and embrace change.
Focused on designing and implementing solutions for the IBM zSeries and iSeries **must have used it in the past 5yrs
Mandatory Skills:
  

A Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or other related scientific or technical discipline with 5+ years related professional experience.
2+ years developing DevOps solutions w/ strong knowledge of DevOps Platform tooling like Python, Java script, Groovy, Git, Jenkins/Git CI/CD, UCD.
Experience with dev tools – GitLab and JIRA is a plus.
Experience with IBM zSeries or iSeries.
Ability to work independently, learn quickly, and be initiative-taking.
As the leader of a team of one you will need to prioritize tasks, communicate requirements and blockers, and take on tasks as they arise.
This is a W2 position with Advantage Technical. Will not accept resumes from recruiters or agencies. We offer benefits for purchase that include: Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance as well as an excellent 401k plan.



About Advantage Technical
Advantage Technical is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all persons regardless of race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, medical condition, genetic information, mental and physical disability, political affiliation, union membership, status as a parent, military or veteran status or other non-merit based factors. We will provide reasonable accommodations throughout the application, interviewing and employment process. If you require a reasonable accommodation, contact us. Advantage Technical is an E-Verify employer. This policy is applicable to all phases of the employment relationship, including hiring, transfers, promotions, training, terminations, working conditions, compensation, benefits, and other terms and conditions of employment.
All employees are directed to familiarize themselves with this policy and to act in accordance with it. All decisions with respect to employment matters and other phases of employer-temporary employee relationships will be in keeping with this policy and in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.




Description 

Job Description:
 We are seeking a motivated and talented Principal Computer Vision / Machine Learning Engineer to join our algorithm development team and participate in software development for advanced real-time detection and computer vision algorithms. You will be involved in the development of computer vision, image processing, machine learning, and deep learning algorithms for our real-time airport personnel and baggage scanning products. You will be working on algorithms for multi-view 2-d and 3-d volumetric detection of prohibited concealed on passengers or in their baggage. We have thousands of scanners in daily operation around the world on which your algorithms will be deployed!

 This position has opportunity for telework (up to 100%), but occasional travel to MA will be required.

 Primary Responsibilities

 Contribute to a team that is developing object detection and image processing system architectures that will be implemented in real-time decision processes in security screening systems fielded across the world
 Hands on research and development of advanced deep learning, object detection, image processing, and scene segmentation algorithms
 Implement production quality real-time C++ software for sophisticated computer vision and machine learning algorithms; primarily for detecting threat objects in 3-d volumetric x-ray data.
 Design and implement new algorithms and improve existing algorithms in C++ and Python class structure using good software engineering techniques with emphasis on reusability and efficiency.
 Train machine learning classifiers with emphasis on classifier generalization
 Assist with the development of new deep learning algorithms to improve the detection performance for challenging threats
 Analyze data, make recommendations, write technical reports
 Interface with other software teams to integrate algorithms with external software components.
 May require occasional travel (5%), domestic or international, to assist with data collections

 Basic Qualifications

 BS or MS degree with a minimum of 6 years of prior relevant experience; or equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.
 Image processing experience (filtering, segmentation, edge detection, object detection)
 Machine learning classifier development experience
 C++ software development in a product development environment
 Experience designing machine learning algorithms, including creating software for data loading, training, and inference for novel machine learning architectures
 Experience with product quality software development including profiling and optimizing real-time algorithm runtime
 Must have positive, team focused attitude and approach to work tasks.
 Strong math, analytical and communication skills.
 Ability to obtain and maintain a US secret security clearance, which requires US Citizenship. We are unable to sponsor visas for this position and require applicants to be either a US citizen or a permanent resident (Green Card holder)

 Preferred Qualifications

 PhD in computer science/engineering in a related subject such as computer vision, machine learning or AI
 Experience developing deep learning computer vision algorithms using CNNs, GANs, Transformers, Single and Two-stage detectors
 Experience with Python
 Familiarity with Azure and Git
 Strong understanding of statistical pattern recognition and classification.
 Basic knowledge of the electromagnetic spectrum (x-ray/radar) and related technologies
 Experience with Windows and Linux development environments including writing Perl and shell scripts
 Current US secret security clearance


 About Us
 Driven by our talented workforce, the Security Enterprise Solutions (SES) is the cornerstone of Leidos’ comprehensive suite of fully integrated security detection and automation solutions for aviation, ports and borders, and critical infrastructure customers around the world, with more than 24,000 products deployed across 120 countries. Leidos is positioned to address emerging and evolving threats through rapid development of innovative solutions for our global customers.

 Check out this link to learn more about Security Enterprise Solutions (SES), formally known as Security Detection & Automation. https://www.leidos.com/markets/aviation/security-detection

 Pay Range: Pay Range $94,250.00 - $145,000.00 - $195,750.00
   #Remote

OneMain Financial holds a strong commitment to our customers, communities and team members. This approach to lending has helped us provide customers with loan options for over 100 years and grow to over 1,600 branches in 44 states. We know that success starts from within, which is why we place emphasis on creating a team of talented and dedicated individuals. If you’re looking for a place to work collaboratively and build your career from the ground up, think OneMain.
As part of a demonstrated commitment, we are investing in digital innovation, emerging products and new ways to help our customers with their financial wellbeing. This role is on our industry leading credit cards platform.
We are looking for a Lead Backend Engineer to join our team. You will work with our product, design and engineering teams to plan, design, and develop web and mobile applications for credit cards. We offer an opportunity to work in a collaborative and inclusive environment with people who value their work and who welcome fresh ideas.
Who you are:
You’re driven to build intuitive experiences that start with the customer first
You embrace change and innovation, always seeking to push the boundaries and expand `your knowledge and skill set
What you'll do:
Perform complex application programming activities with an emphasis on mobile development: Angular, Node, TypeScript, JavaScript, RESTful APIs and more
Lead the definition of system architecture and detailed solution design that are scalable and extensible
Collaborate with Product Owners, Designers, and other engineers on different permutations to find the best solution possible
Own the quality of code and do your own testing. Automate feature testing and contribute UI testing framework
Become a subject matter expert for our mobile applications backend and middleware
Deliver amazing solutions to production that knock everyone’s socks off
Mentor junior developers on the team
Provide assistance to technical team as needed
Assist in interviewing and building out technical team
Suggest improvements to optimize delivery
What we’re looking for:
Amazing technical instincts. You know how to evaluate and choose the right technology and approach for the job. You have stories you could share about what problem you thought you were solving at first, but through testing and iteration, came to solve a much bigger and better problem that resulted in positive outcomes all-around.
A love for learning. Technology is continually evolving around us, and you want to keep up to date to ensure we are using the right tech at the right time.
A love for working in ambiguity—and making sense of it. You can take in a lot of disparate information and find common themes, recommend clear paths forward and iterate along the way. You don’t form an opinion and sell it as if it’s gospel; this is all about being flexible, agile, dependable, and responsive in the face of many moving parts.
Confidence, not ego. You have an ability to collaborate with others and see all sides of the coin to come to the best solution for everyone.
Flexible and willing to accept change in priorities, as necessary
Demonstrable passion for technology (e.g., personal projects, open-source involvement)
Enthusiastic embrace of DevOps culture and collaborative software engineering
Ability and desire to work in a dynamic, fast paced, and agile team environment
Enthusiasm for cloud computing platforms such as AWS or Azure
Basic Qualifications:
Minimum B.S. / M.S. Computer Science or related discipline from accredited college or University
At least 10+ years of experience designing, developing, and delivering backend applications with Node.js, TypeScript, JavaScript, Restful APIs and related backend frameworks
At least 2 years of experience building internet facing applications
At least 2 years of experience with AWS and/or OpenShift
Proficient in following concepts: object-oriented programming, software engineering techniques, quality engineering, parallel programming, databases, etc.
Proficient in building and consuming RESTful APIs
Proficient in managing multiple tasks and consistently meet established timelines
Experience integrating APIs with front-end and/or mobile-specific frameworks
Strong collaboration skills
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Preferred Qualifications:
Financial Services experience and Credit Card experience a big plus.
Experience with Apache Cordova framework
Demonstrable knowledge of native coding background in iOS, Android
Experience developing and deploying applications within Kubernetes based containers
Experience in Agile and SCRUM development techniques
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, proudly serving millions of customers with safe, affordable and transparent installment loans. Our customers turn to us every day—online and at 1,500 branches in 44 states—to help them take control and improve their financial lives with solutions for debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills, home improvements and auto purchases. Our talented and dedicated team members constantly look for responsible ways to serve our customers when, where and how they want. It’s all about doing the right thing—a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-RemotePurpose of Job We are seeking a dedicated Android Mobile Engineer- Intermediate Level for our San Antonio, TX, Plano, TX, or Phoenix, AZ facility. This person may also work remotely in a 100% Remote Work Environment.

USAA values a culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused results. The actual days' onsite are resolved between each employee and the employee’s manager.

The candidate selected for this position is going to work with the Enterprise Conversational Platform team on the EVA application, which is USAA’s chat bot, and a new personalized search application. They work with native Android technologies including Kotlin and Jetpack Compose using the MVVM design pattern.

Provides support to the Enterprise and has an opportunity to significantly impact organizational growth and effectiveness through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include; gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting and implementing software, responding to outages. Identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured, monitored and controlled.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.

We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Tasks:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test technical solutions collaborating with senior engineers.
Participate in code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning.
May begin to help organize work to deliver features and solutions.
Resolves simple production issues with some assistance through troubleshooting applications independently.

Minimum requirements:
Bachelor's degree in related field of study, OR Certification from an approved technical field of study, OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required.
2 years of software development experience specific to a discipline/technology.
When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred experience:
Experience in the Kotlin and Java programming languages
Familiarity with mobile development using Android Studio
Familiarity with the MVVM (Model- View- ViewModel) design pattern
Familiarity with source code control systems such as Git

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $72,900 - $131,400*.

Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.

USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.
Senior Frontend EngineerNew York, NYC – Remote Option Full-Time, Permanent$180,000 - $240,000
Our client is opening a new engineering hub in NYC to extend its engineering footprint and advance the company’s mission to deliver relevant product answers to customers.
Although companies invest heavily in creating technical product content, user experiences are often outdated, with information scattered across multiple content silos. This means people struggle to find the answers they need, resulting in poor customer experiences and higher support costs. The company delivers the most relevant, personalized product answers to each user, wherever they need it, within an intuitive, self-service experience.
We’re a fast growing company with a unique solution to an everyday problem facing millions of software users daily, with the best customers in the world (Dell, McAfee, Sony, Mastercard) and some of the best investors in the world including General Atlantic, Bessemer, Salesforce Ventures and Viola Growth.
We're looking for senior FE engineers to come join us to build their engineering NYC and be part of the founding team of our engineering hub. As an early member of the NYC engineering team you will have an opportunity to play a role in shaping the team culture and processes.
As a senior engineer, you will own the end-to-end delivery of large-scale features to create sterling web experiences for consuming technical product documentation, mentor junior developers and act as an active partner with product, design, and peer engineers.
This role will be based in New York City.
About you:

Passionate about web technologies, best practices and performance.
Can drive design and feature development end-to-end and deliver projects in a dynamic environment.
Excellent teamwork and communication skills with the ability to lead and influence
Mentor and provide support to the junior team members.
Humble and open to give and receive feedback
Owner mentality, strong sense of ownership.
Bias for action, be impact-driven, smart decision making

Requirements:

6+ years of front-end development experience in large-scale web applications.
Expert level proficiency in writing modular JavaScript in ES6 (and/or beyond) utilizing common JavaScript design patterns and using modern web frameworks (React/Angular/else).
Proven experience in writing scalable, efficient and clean code and supporting reusable and maintainable UI components and API’s.
Understanding of and experience with frontend technologies and tools such as Redux, Webpack, npm, Babel, and browser-based protocols and capabilities

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $150,000.00 - $240,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Have you previously worked for a Fast-Growing Start-Up?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Front-end development: 7 years (Required)
Redux: 4 years (Required)
React: 4 years (Required)
ECMAScript: 4 years (Required)
UI development: 4 years (Required)
SaaS: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
JOB DESCRIPTION
Our client is looking for a skilled PHP Developer to assist in upgrade, enhancement and maintenance projects. They will be helping to support a suite of 5+ public web and mobile applications as well as tasked with building out new sites and applications. The ability to understand and create efficient pathways to large amounts of information is critical in implementing these web solutions. The developer will design, code, and maintain websites, APIs, and databases from layout to function according to the company’s requirements. The position includes full cycle project leadership including application architecture, design input, site layout/user interface, and database design/programming with a focus on back-end development.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS5+ years of experience in PHP Development
3 years minimum experience with at least one PHP framework such as Laravel (preferred), Symphony, CodeIgniter, CakePHP, Zend Framework, etc.5+ years of overall experience in developing websites and ability to provide a portfolio of past workExperience integrating web services and RESTful API’s and knowledge of web performance2 years’ experience working with relational database systems such as MySQL, MSSQL or Oracle and a good working knowledge of SQL
DESIRED SKILLSExperience with automated testing is preferredExperience with Vue.js, React, or AngularJS is preferred

Salary: Market related
  
Reference: 15911
  
 A highly successful software product client of the HT Group is seeking at Sales Solutions Engineer for a Direct Hire role. This position can be 100% remote, but preferably in New York City and the surrounding area, Arlington VA, San Francisco Bay area, Austin, Texas or the Raliegh / Durham, NC area.
 Key Responsibilities of the Senior Solution Engineer: 

Serve as the designated expert to internal and external clients regarding all of our products and services

Troubleshoot and investigate technical issues raised by technical and non-technical stakeholders
 Collect client requirements and work closely with product and R&D teams to shape the product roadmap
 Regular collaboration with the business and other solution engineering teams located in our branches all around the globe
 Occasional travel
 Support our business team with in-depth product knowledge and answers to technical questions during sales pitches and follow-up meetings
 Training plan is normally 6 weeks to get familiar the product and industry
 Required Skills of the Senior Solution Engineer: 

At least 2 years of experience working in pre-sales scoping solutions for customers in the software product industry

Must have some software development background (will not code) with one of the following languages is preferred (Java / Scala / Objective-C / HTML / XML / JavaScript)
 Python scripting is used daily, so some experience with Python is required.
 Demonstrated ability to understand business issues and apply creative solutions
 Excellent communication skills and strong client-facing business acumen
 High self-motivation and initiative, "can do" attitude is essential
 Attention-to-detail and organizational skill
 Previous work in mobile advertising or gaming is a plus
 Experience in building mobile applications on iOS/Android/Unity

Kelly Technology has an opening for a REMOTE Perm Engineering Manager to work with our client.
SUMMARY
This person will join our expanding engineering team. As a senior manager on a 40-person engineering team, you’ll be responsible for setting product and feature delivery by coaching, mentoring and unblocking the engineers on your team. We’re a fast-growing company and successful management means getting hands on with code and design reviews as well as playing a part in the continued growth and development of our engineering team.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide organizational and technical leadership by contributing to functional requirements and design.
Deliver high quality software by problem-solving and unblocking team members.
Build and grow the team through interviewing, career development, coaching, and mentoring our current and future engineers.
Drive and help improve full cycle software development in line with company goals and priorities.
Create and guide your teams using Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) and Objective and Key Results (OKRs).

REQUIRED SKILLS
7+ years of software engineering experience, 2+ years of managing a team of 5 or more engineers
Familiarity with at least one modern backend language (like Ruby or Python) and one frontend language or framework (like React, Redux, Angular, etc.)
Experience operating in a modern operational environment (we use GCP, Kubernetes and Docker)
Proven success at delivering high quality software in a fast-paced environment
Effective at project management and using agile software development principles

We understand that not everyone will be an expert in all of these areas on Day One. We value people with grit and a growth mindset and will consider someone with the fundamentals who is willing to learn and further their skill set.
If you are qualified and interested, please email your resume to norh098@kellyit.com
You should know: Your safety matters! Vaccination against COVID-19 may be a requirement for this job in compliance with current client and governmental policies. A Kelly recruiter will confirm and share more details with you during the interview process.
Why Kelly®?
By partnering with Kelly® Technology, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward.
About Kelly®
At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance.
]]

Our client is looking for a Node.js Developer to join their team for a 12+ month contract. In this role you must have a strong and continuously growing proficiency in RESTful API development focused on Node.js/Python. This includes actively participating in designing, developing, reviewing, testing and deploying APIs (including supporting infrastructure) to drive digital products. Your areas of expertise span historical best practices and innovations in the development of digital experiences. You have a passion for hands-on coding, putting the customer first and delivering an exceptional experience through the creation of extendable and re-usable products. You are curious to see where technology and the industry is going and constantly strive to keep up through personal projects and learning. If required, you must be willing to wear any of the other hats that is required to make the project successful and be always ready to learn new technology on the fly and deliver the results.  Responsibilities:

Innovate, Research & Evaluate new technologies and tools for a quality output
Architect, Design and Implement ensuring scalability, performance and security
Code and implement new algorithms to solve complex problems
Develop the technical solution and deploy to cloud instances for testing
Partner and collaborate with stakeholders and other technology teams
Integrate new api or microservices required to deliver the feature
Work in an Agile development environment while continuously evaluating and improving engineering processes
Ensure solutions are built to industry standard and follows rigid security requirements


 Must Have Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field (Master’s Degree preferred) or relevant experience
6+ years of Software Design & Development experience in RESTful API’s, Pub-Sub, and microservice architecture
Strong background in object-oriented or functional programming design and programming
Excellent Experience in 2 or more of languages - Node.js, Java, Python.
Proficient in transferring streams of data efficiently, so necessary action can be taken on them
Solid foundation and understanding of relational and NoSQL database principles.
Understanding of commonly used protocols such as https, WebSocket, Polling, XMPP, COAP, MQTT, etc
Strong understanding of REST, microservices architecture, network architecture & best security practices
Experience with API security frameworks, token management and user access control including OAuth, JWT, etc.
Understanding the nature of asynchronous programming and its quirks and workarounds
2+ years of experience using CI-CD tools like Jenkins, containers and cluster orchestration
Ability to work in an Agile /SCRUM environment.
Experience with unit, integration & Blackbox testing procedures and tools like Junit/TestNG/Cucumber, etc.
Strong writing and communication skills
Well organized with a bias for action with minimal direction.
Ravenous about learning technology and problem solving


 Good to Have:

Working knowledge of IoT platforms (e.g., Azure IoT Suite, AWS IoT, Google IoT Core or similar)
Experience in application management and monitoring of applications
Experience in securing complex distributed systems
Hands on experience with Kafka or other related stream processing frameworks
Good understanding of SDLC, Agile methodologies & Agile development experience
Experience with the AWS/Azure/Google Cloud eco-system, toolsets and deployment architecture
Working with modern development approaches (containerization, cloud, continuous delivery, micro-services, modular reactive web applications)
1-2 years of experience in eCommerce and Retail business



   Equal Employment Opportunity
   


   MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
  


   MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.
  

Req ID: 183191

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Remote Drupal Developer / Architect to join our team in Plano, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

Basic Qualifications

6+ years advance enterprise experience designing and delivering Drupal projects specialized in web and API development projects
6+ years of experience of building, leading and architecting enterprise level Drupal applications
6+ years of experience creating and deploying complex, full featured websites using the Drupal Content Management System, integrating custom programming with existingthird-partymodules
6+ years of experience with MySQL, Drupal 7/8/9, Angular, HTML5, and JavaScript, Rest API s
7+ years of PHP programming experience

Preferred Experience

Expertise in client scripting language and server-side scripting languages such as JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, and Angular
Familiarity with large multi-server Drupal environments, administration, and integration with various third-party sites with open APIs
Experience with the implementation of Varnish, Solr and multi-site/multilingual
Experienced in Agile methodology project development life cycle (Agile/ Scrum)
Experience in AWS Cloud infrastructure and AWS Services
Team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills and capable of working independently even under high-pressure challenges
Proficient in setting up applications on AWS, Acquia, Pantheon.
Proficient in working with CDN like Cloudflare, Cloudfront, Akamai, Fastly.
Experience in the design and development of system architectures, including the definition of key capabilities and performance requirements.
Experience in Varnish, Memcache, Redis, NewRelic, Elasticache, Apache Solr.
Experience in cloud video hostingYouTube, Vimeo, Brightcove.
Experience in SSO with OAuth, JWT.
Experience in social media APIs - Facebook API,TwitterAPI and Google APIs.
Maintain CSS consistency in design, colors and theme across all relevant platforms and browsers
Prior experience with Drupal and PHP implementations in a LAMP environment
Strong knowledge of crafting sites and extensive knowledge of common Drupal modules such as CTools, Views, and Panels
Have a portfolio on developing using Drupal, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript optionally jQuery
#LI-NAM

#BCONSULT

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter so that we may connect you with the appropriate team.

Nearest Major Market: Plano

Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas

Job Segment:

Drupal, Consulting, Developer, Java, Programmer, Technology

Apply now »

Apply now


Start apply with Xing
Apply Now

Start

Please wait...
a.dialogApplyBtn {
display: none;
}

  Principal Architect 
  
   If you are a Senior/Principal Architect with experience, please read on!
   
 We are one of the Top Recruitment & Retention Technology platform firms across the globe, with our members being dispersed across 30+ different countries. Based out of Southern California, we have grown tremendously over the last 8 years and are excited to add a 100% remote Principal Architect to the team! 
   
 The ideal candidate will have at least 8+ years of software development experience, 4+ years of software architecture, and specifically, be knowledgeable with JavaScript (React/Node.JS). If this is you, please apply today or email your resume to belle.arriaga@cybercoders.com for immediate consideration!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

100% Remote Role 
Full Benefits 
401K Match 
Discounted Stock Options

 What You Need for this Position

At least 8+ years of software development experience 
At least 4+ years of software architecture experience 
Experience with JavaScript programming frameworks (React, Node.JS, TypeScript) 
Experience in an AWS environment

 What's In It for You

Competitive Compensation (Base + Annual Bonus) 
Full Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision)
401K Match 
Discounted stock options


    So, if you are a Principal Architect with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Belle Arriaga
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


JOB DESCRIPTION

    The Team
    The mobile engineering team builds and maintains industry-leading mobile capabilities and applications across domains that include inventory management, acquisition, merchandising, and customer relations management. Our approach is based on solid architectural and development best practices that focus on shared components, reusable code, and cross-project collaboration to accelerate time-to-market while also minimizing duplicated code. We strive to deliver the best mobile experience possible. 
    The Job
    Cox Automotive is seeking a Software Engineer with experience in native mobile iOS development with Swift to join our Austin, TX based team full-time. The primary responsibilities are building, maintaining, and improving native components and applications and helping mature our mobile development practice. 
    About You
    Responsibilities:
   

Develop and maintain new and existing shared components and mobile applications
Develop, implement, and maintain unit tests
Work as a part of scrum team executing the products requirements working with UX, Product Management and other teams
Drive projects to completion by collaborating with peers to overcome blockers
Contribute to multiple codebases by helping to identify areas of improvement and to establish common design patterns
Help define architecture of components and applications
Influence product direction in the vehicle inventory management and merchandising domains
Provide thought leadership on mobile development excellence and best practices
Help develop others by participating in code reviews, sharing knowledge and mentoring
Stay current with the evolution of iOS, Swift and other mobile technologies
Develop POCs for new and innovative ideas
 Respond quickly to production issues and see them through to resolution
  
 MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

    Qualifications
   


4+ years of software dev experience
3+ years of native iOS development experience
Expertise with Swift and Objective-C
Bachelor's degree
Solid problem-solving abilities, coding, testing, and debugging skills.
High-energy, confident, and self-motivated 


DESIRED SKILLS

KMM
XCod
Experience writing and/or debugging RESTful services is a plus
Agile/Scrum experience
Commercial application development


JOB DESCRIPTION
Insight Global is looking for Project Manager to work remotely. This resource will be managing projects for a DevOps team that works primarily in AWS for our Achieve3000 application portfolio. The Project Manager is responsible for planning, scheduling, and tracking of a program in for the client. These projects may be part of a larger program of projects. This role will partner with technical product management, architecture, engineering, and the business to provide leadership in delivering innovative digital solutions to our customers. This position will not only focus on the planning, communication and coordination of the project but also beyond the end date to the transitional and operational elements.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS5-7 years’ experience as PM
Must have experience managing projects for a DevOps teamAgile Methodology/ Environment
AWS
Needs to be very technical (not hands on) and understand all of the technologies used by DevOps such as Microservices, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes etc.
DESIRED SKILLSCertified Scrum Master (CSM) certification or PMI Agile Certified Practitioner (PMI-ACP) certification is a plusOur client launched 10 years ago in Austin, TX and has helped over 10 million people. They're changing the way people connect to social care programs. They make it easy to find food, health, housing, and employment programs in seconds. They're powered by tech, driven to do good, and looking for passionate people. Their mission is to connect all people in need and the programs that serve them (with dignity and ease).

As the key member of the security team working on expanding, the Senior Security Engineer will be responsible for ensuring cloud platforms meets security and compliance mandates. The Senior Security Engineer plans and carries out security measures to monitor and protect sensitive data and systems from infiltration and cyber-attacks. This role also partners with business stakeholders, architects and software engineers to achieve secure designs and implementations and will be the technical authority on information security architecture within the company. This company has offices in Austin, TX and Denver, CO and allows options for remote, hybrid or in-office working conditions.

What You Get to Go Do with this fast-growing Technology company
Review existing architecture, identify gaps, recommend and implement security fixes and enhancements.
Provide direction for company-wide security technology while establishing a strategic security architecture vision.
Work with our security-focused managed service partners to monitor our environment for vulnerabilities and attacks.
Collaborate with compliance team on audits and security assessment requests.
Evaluate and recommend new security products and technologies.
Contribute to application and vendor risk assessments.
Develop strategies to detect potential security incidents, respond and recover from security incidents.
Monitor networks and systems for security breaches, install software that detects intrusions and irregular system behavior.
Lead security incident responses, conduct technical and forensic analysis to determine extent of the damage and root causes, and prepare incident reports.
Manage periodic scans of company source code, infrastructure and networks to identify security and licensing vulnerabilities.
Complete penetration testing to highlight or find any weaknesses that might be exploited by a malicious party.

What You NEED to SUCCEED in this challenging role

Detail oriented entrepreneurial spirit with start-up experience is a plus.
Organized multitasking and strong time management skills to handle competing priorities in a fast-paced, high-stress environment.
Management, or equivalent professional experience with system and network exploitation methods, attack pathologies, and intrusion techniques.
5+ years of experience designing, implementing, and integrating security controls into SaaS cloud platforms.
Knowledge of computer forensic tools, technologies and methods.
Direct experience with anti-virus software, intrusion detection, firewalls and content filtering.
Knowledge of risk assessment tools, technologies and methods with excellent communication skills (verbal, written, presentation).
GCP and AWS are a huge plus.

What's in it for YOU?

Be a part of a great company with strong ties social values
Get involved early to build something great with stock options
Excellent salary range and comprehensive benefits package w/ 401K, competitive PTO, paid maternity/paternity leave, Health, dental, and vision insurance
Free food, on-site gym, and Pet-friendly office with attached dog park
24/7 access to telemedicine and counseling with unconscious bias training for every team member
INDSJ
ECCO Select is a talent acquisition and advisory consulting company, specializing in providing people, process, and technology solutions for our clients’ needs. We’re the talent behind the technology. To find out more about ECCO Select visit our website: www.eccoselect.com
Position Title: Front-End Drupal Developer
Job Description: 

As a Front-End Drupal Developer on our marketing operations team, you will help us to grow and prosper with your hands-on experiences in managing a corporate website in a B2B environment. We’re looking for someone who not only writes smart code but is always looking for smart ways to quickly implement MVPs in line with the designs and business objectives in order to deliver exemplary user experiences.
As a part of our core internal team, you will actively support backlog grooming and sprint planning using knowledge of the business to identify relationships between tasks and projects to help scope and prioritize tickets in the pipeline. You will make application design decisions that are user-focused and consistent with architectural principles in place within our organization. You will develop solutions that conform to our coding standards while following approved style guides.
Further, you will be responsible for augmentation and maintaining, tests, and driving QA. We need you to provide consistent and appropriate feedback to help to make sure the solution meets the requirements of a given sprint. You may develop user documentation and training materials, in business language, provide user training for the applications as needed, and will ensure that DevOps processes and artifacts are up to date and can support the team development pipeline throughout the collaborative and global development process.

Preferred Qualifications: 

5+ years of Drupal experience within a dedicated corporate website development team
3+ years of experience working in a growing global organization, collaborating across time zones
Deep knowledge of Drupal 8/9
Proficient in the maintenance and administration of Drupal modules and sites
Writing clean, maintainable code
Experience developing inclusive design best practices, up to and beyond meeting WCAG standards
Experience in building Drupal sites using core and contributed Drupal modules as well as creating custom Drupal modules as needed
Experience developing custom Drupal themes
Knowledge of React, HTML5, CSS/SASS, and JavaScript
Experience using source control
Exceptional communication, problem-solving, and time management skills
Ability to work independently to get things done without being micromanaged
Ability to work fast with attention to detail within a fast-paced work environment
Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, Vue)
Experience with Ajax and using REST APIs
Familiarity with decoupled Drupal concepts
Familiarity with Agile development practices and common Agile tools
Have an Acquia Front-End Developer certification

ECCO Select is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. Our policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Veterans of our United States Uniformed Services are specifically encouraged to apply for ECCO Select opportunities.
Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law
This Organization Participates in E-Verify
Job Type: Contract
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Front-end development: 1 year (Preferred)
CSS: 1 year (Preferred)
Angular: 1 year (Preferred)
Drupal: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


You are a driven and motivated problem solver ready to pursue meaningful work. You strive to make an impact every day & not only at work, but in your personal life and community too. If that sounds like you, then you've landed in the right place.

 The Infrastructure Team is searching for a Senior Staff Software Engineer. The team is accountable for the development, engineering, and deployment of infrastructure, platforms, and applications across a multi-cloud landscape. This is a shared services team responsible for automating enterprise wide infrastructure offerings and enabling DevOps through modern CI/CD practices. This position is scoped largely for an Infrastructure as Code transformation spanning across AWS and VMWare Private Cloud.

 Responsibilities

 Instrument Infrastructure as Code Tooling, Terraform, with highly resilient and scalable design practices.
 Partner with DevOps Engineers to design and implement an end to end Infrastructure as Code process encompassing The Hartford’s existing technology stack and integration with the DevOps CI/CD pipeline.
 Create a detailed architecture of Infrastructure as Code templates to be consumed via self-service.
 Design, develop, and maintain Infrastructure template catalog.
 Educate and assist internal development teams with the adoption process.
 Provide emerging technology recommendations and assist with creating strategic roadmaps and feature sets
 Provide technical guidance, standards and solutions that align with enterprise roadmaps and broader architectural recommendations.
 Define patterns and standards for infrastructure design, engineering and development.
 Possess the ability to work in an agile team with Kanban based work intake and universal backlog. Must be able to support agile development projects through regular sprint cycles.


 Minimum Requirements

 A bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 4+ years of experience working with Terraform.
 Strong expertise in AWS services including but not limited to ECS, EKS, RDS, EC2, S3, Fargate, Lambda etc.
 Familiarity with the CICD pipeline and continuous integration practices.
 Foundational knowledge of Source Code Management, such as GitHub.
 Hands on experience with Ansible.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with OpenShift or any container runtime environment.


 Candidates must be authorized to work in the US without company sponsorship
 Remote candidates welcome

 Compensation
 The listed annualized base pay range is primarily based on analysis of similar positions in the external market. Actual base pay could vary and may be above or below the listed range based on factors including but not limited to performance, proficiency and demonstration of competencies required for the role. The base pay is just one component of The Hartford’s total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include short-term or annual bonuses, long-term incentives, and on-the-spot recognition. The annualized base pay range for this role is:
 $112,160 - $168,240
  
 Benefits
 Our company’s success is due to our employees’ dedication and passion for their work. They are our greatest asset. That’s why we are committed to offering employees and their families a comprehensive benefits package and award-winning well-being programs. By helping our employees achieve their full potential, we unlock our own. Visit https://www.thehartford.com/careers/benefits for details.

 Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or Expression/Religion/Age
 Senior Staff Software Engineer - IE07HE
 

**C2C is not available****Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**Title:  Net DeveloperLocation:  RemoteDuration: 6 Months plus
Descriptions: .Net Developer –

Performs assigned duties and tasks in collaboration with team members in system life-cycle management (e.g., analysis, technical requirements, design, coding, testing, implementation of systems and applications software, etc.). Performs tasks within planned durations and established deadlines. Self-motivated and possess strong communication skills. Faces challenges in a positive, collaborative, and objective manner.

Experience:  4-5 years
Required Skills: 

Full-Stack .NET Developer with O365 dev experience [PowerApps experience would be a plus]
C#
ASP.NET Core
MVC
Entity Framework
SQL
Azure DevOps
IIS
Microsoft Graph
JavaScript
Angular
Angular JS
jQuery

**Please note that all Position start dates and duration are estimates and may be reduced or lengthened based upon a client’s business needs and requirements.**
Rose International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender (expression or identity), national origin, arrest and conviction records, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Positions located in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California will be administered in accordance with their respective Fair Chance Ordinances.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

ASP.NET: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Job Details
  
 Compensation: $95,000 - $115,000 ***(Based On Experience)***
  
 Remote Software Engineer (C#/.NET) 
  
With experience in banking, credit unions, payables/receivables, card systems
Significant experience with debit/credit monetary transactions, and or NACHA / EFT
Support all aspects of the software development lifecycle including requirements definition, design, development, test, deployment, documentation, and support.
Work with the team to define architecture, coding standards, and best practices.
Develop and enhance application software, interfaces, and reports.
Assure quality and efficient design, including exception management, error handling, supportability, and reliability.
Monitor, resolve and communicate the status of outstanding defects/change requests.
Provide Level Two applications support when appropriate
Develop report distribution and job scheduling processes.
Work with DBA to design and maintain data tables as required for supporting applications.
Work with vendors to design and develop programs and technical specifications.
Assist in the transition of system updates into the production environment.
Develop and maintain documented processes and procedures to ensure consistent delivery of assigned tasks and responsibilities.
Develop documentation and structured program specifications.
Develop task estimates, and report project status, issues, and recommended resolutions to support project plans.
Lead, mentor, and coach junior team members for successful completion of assignments.
Required: 
  
Demonstrated use of multiple, complex programming tools including 
    
C#
ASP.Net
Visual Studio 2015 and above
SQL Server 2012 and above
WCF & Web API Services
OOP
.Net Framework 4.1 and above
Vue.js, Vuetify, Vuex, node.js and Express API experience a plus

Ability to analyze programs, identify issues and anomalies, and recommend corrective and preventive actions.
Demonstrated experience in developing interfaces among key systems.
Ability to utilize tools and reports to troubleshoot causes of issues.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks and assignments.
Experience in working with database and data transmission processes (FTP, APIs, EDI, etc)
Effective translation of issue resolution and requirements into technical specifications.
Possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Make sound, independent judgments.

 Preferred:
   Experience in cross-platform mobile application development.
  
 Required: 
  
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or a minimum of 6+ years of equivalent work-related experience, in software development using above mentioned development languages.
Significant, demonstrated technical skills in developing and troubleshooting multiple complex software applications.
Preferred:
   Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology and 8+ years of related work experience.
  

 VALiNTRY Services and all its divisions are equal opportunity employers. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or any other federal or state-protected category.
  

 Please note: This client is not accepting candidates submitted by other staffing firms or agencies at this time. Thank you.
  

 Applicants for this opportunity must have an unrestricted right to work in the United States.
   [Persons in H-l, L-l, and OPT EAD status do not have unrestricted right to work.]
  
For immediate response please forward resumes to E jmartinez@Valentry.com L: Jose's Linkedln

 Jose Martinez IT Recruiter Manager (Direct) 407-205-1129 (Office) 800-360-1407 www.valintry.com For a list of our current openings please visit Valintry's Jobs Webpage
 

Must Haves:

5+ years' experience in IVR programming
Thorough understanding of Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) process
Experience with WEB API, RESTful services and related tools such as Postman and SOAP UI
Working experience with Twilio and IBM Watson is required and essential to job functions.
Strong analytical, problem-solving and conceptual skills
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral
Strong organizational skills; attention to detail

Plusses:

CxOne/InContact Studio experience is highly preferred.
Oracle SBC and Avaya Session Manager knowledge

Day to Day:
Insight Global is hiring an IVR Application Developer to work fully remote for one of our top clients. This person will be responsible for developing and maintaining omni-channel applications and Contact Center configurations used within the enterprise. The candidate will be required to work in multiple vendor product environments. They must be able to help business counterparts in finding optimal solutions and to communicate clearly with peers. This candidate must be a passionate continual learner & also willing to take the time to understand architecture in existing systems. On a daily basis, they will be working on codes, tests, debugs and documenting results while enhancing applications to ensure that production systems continue to meet user requirements. This person will be developing and maintaining application design, program specification documents, and proprietary IVR, SMS, and Chat applications. They will be responsible for system design specifications that serve as a template for subsequent system/program development. Lastly, this candidate will interact with user management regarding project status and user requirements to promote an environment with improved productivity and satisfaction, as well as provide technical leadership and training for other team members.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $55.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

IVR: 4 years (Required)
APIs: 3 years (Required)
SDLC: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Job Description: 
We are looking for an SAP Business Objects Sr. Developer/Engineer to help us transition data centers. You will be a hands-on developer/engineer responsible for ensuring that our Business Objects reporting capabilities continue to function as desired after its data sources transition to a new data center.
Major Responsibilities: 

Analyze and document the existing SAP BO environments (there 2 environments) to understand how they are integrated for reporting purposes.
Update existing SAP BO environments to point to corresponding data sources in new data center
Modify and optimize database queries as needed to improve performance degradation that could be introduced as part of the data center move
Facilitate testing of the SAP BO environments against the new data sources in the new data center
Work with project leader to identify roadblocks & challenges associated with moving data centers
Work with project leader and other team members to overcome roadblock & challenges associated with moving data centers
Support the cut-over period of the data center transition to ensure that SAP BO environments are working as designed post cut-over
Provide post cut-over support for a period to ensure that SAP BO reporting is working as desired
Troubleshoot and fix errors that may arise in SAP BO as part of the data center cut-over
Document final SAP BO architectures post data center cut-over

Contracted role
Not C2C
Requirements: 

Experience with SAP BusinessObjects (BO)
Experience with extracting, transforming, and loading data using BO Data Integrator
Experience with testing BO reports through a web front-end
Experience with Oracle SQL & PL/SQL and connecting to non-SAP databases to create the Universe
Experience with SAP BO Central Management Console and other SAP BO Administrative tools and concepts

Key Competencies: 

Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to solve problems diligently and independently
Excellent time management & ability to work in a remote environment

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $68.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

SAP BusinessObjects: 5 years (Preferred)
SQL: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
JOB TITLE: Principal Software Engineer
LOCATION: Portland, OR or Remote
DURATION: Direct Hire

SUMMARY: The Principal Software Engineer is responsible for driving the success of major software intiatives across our organization on a tactical level. As the most skilled programmers in the organization, they are able to quickly support an existing team's Agile process to greatly impact velocity on mission critical features. The Principal Engineer also works across many teams to offer unparalleled mentoring and training for engineers in the creation of high quality applications that adhere to our organizational standards. They give engineers the tools and guidance they need to design and implement high quality software systems, and work to grow the overall strength of our organization.

The Principal Software Engineer reports to the Head of Engineering

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with other members of the Software Architecture team to craft and realize the vision of our technical roadmap
Quickly add velocity to mission critical feature development across many teams in a healthy, sustainable way
Champion a high standard of excellence in code quality and application architecture across our organization
Provide excellent mentorship and training to accelerate the growth of engineers
Represent the engineering organization across the company, and act as an ambassador to the overall tech community
Coordinate with team members in Engineering Leadership to help develop the organization's holistic approach to software development and engineer growth
Work with members of the Product, Design, and Delivery organizations to reduce friction and improve outcomes

QUALIFICATIONS:
8+ years-experience shipping and supporting high-scale, high-performance web applications in a cloud environment
Storied experience with container-driven development environments
Mastery in HTTP, web application architecture, scalability, performance optimization, reliability, deployment, monitoring, security
Mastery in a few of our core family of technologies like Javascript (React), Typescript, Kotlin, Java, Springboot, Docker, Azure

IND123
Title: Release Manager 
 
Rate: $65/hr. 
 
Length of Contract: 18-24 Months 
 
Location: Fully Remote (EST/EDT) 
 
 My client is looking for a Release Manager to bring in to a team to help plan, execute and finalize releases. Will be working between different teams that are developing different applications. Looking for someone who will be good to join the team. They are looking for a candidate who has Release Manager or Project Manager experience. They also want someone who is comfortable in an Agile environment. This role requires someone to be a US Citizen or Green Card Holder and able to work on a W2 basis. 
 
 For immediate consideration please send an updated resume to mreinard@matlensilver.com


TITLE: Cloud Engineer   Location: REMOTE  Contract     Cloud Engineer   The Cloud Engineer will be responsible for the creation of a technology framework and providing technical leadership in support of initiatives in cloud computing and automation, with a focus on the design of systems and services that run on cloud platforms.   What You'll Do: 

Demonstrate knowledge of cloud architecture and implementation features (OS, multi-tenancy, virtualization, orchestration, elastic scalability)
Demonstrate knowledge of DevOps tool chains and processes
Develop a library of deployable and documented cloud design patterns, based on the application portfolio, as a basis for deploying services to the cloud
Demonstrate leadership ability to back decisions with research and the "why,” and articulate several options, the pros and cons for each, and a recommendation
Maintain overall industry knowledge on latest trends, technology, etc.
Develop solutions architecture and evaluate architectural alternatives for private, public and hybrid cloud models, including IaaS, PaaS, and other cloud services
Contribute to DevOps development activities and complex development tasks
Define optimal design patterns and solutions for high availability and disaster recovery for cloud applications
Troubleshoot and resolution of complex problems within the infrastructure
Work on designing/implementing/automation procedures for deployment, configuration, patching and upgrading of systems and applications
Conduct analysis of production systems and performance testing results to identify areas of improvement within the application or infrastructure
Conduct feasibility studies for existing and emerging cloud technologies
Provide mentoring and guidance for mid and junior level staff, offering feedback targeted at individual development
Work closely with vendors, internal groups and outside agencies to provide technical leadership and solutions
Independently analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time, providing problem resolution end-to-end.
Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes
Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems.
Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours.
Share domain and technical expertise, providing technical mentorship and cross-training to other peers and team members.

  Skills / Experience You Will Need: 

Bachelor's degree in computer science, systems analysis or a related study, or equivalent experience
5+ years of experience spanning at least two IT disciplines, including technical cloud architecture, network management, application development, middleware, database management or operations
Experience with Azure Shell scripting/PowerShell scripting
Exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments
Knowledge of all components of an technical architecture
Knowledge of business process re-engineering principles and processes
Strong understanding of network architecture and application development methodologies
Strong understanding of SOA, object-oriented analysis and design, and/or client/server
Strong client-facing consultative skills, able to act as a customer advocate;
Understanding of Windows Server architecture –Windows 2012, Windows 2016 and IIS;
Understanding of Linux Server architecture – RHEL, Oracle Linux, Amazon Linux, etc.
Experience with containers (Docker) and orchestration (Kubernetes) technologies;
Familiar with one or more server-side scripting languages (e.g. PowerShell, Python, Bash)
Familiarity with server hardware selection, design and troubleshooting;
Understanding of High Availability and Networked Storage solutions including Clustering, Failover and Disaster Recovery products and concepts such as MS Clustering Services, Load Balancing, Routers, LUNS, SAN and NAS;
Understanding of application layer protocols, such as HTTP/S, TCP/IP, UDP and Web sockets;
Demonstrated abilities with SSO-related software such as ADFS, Ping Identity, OpenSSO, oAuth, Okta or other SAML & OpenID Connect providers;
Understanding of Web application security and concepts, such as Ticketing, header injection, XSS, SSL, HTTPS, Kerberos, certificates, Active Directory, LDAP, reverse proxies and firewalls;
Hands on experience designing and deploying complex solutions in AWS, Azure, Google Cloud or other cloud providers;
Excellent presentation and communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences.

   About Infinity Consulting Solutions  At Infinity Consulting Solutions our mission is to cultivate successful long term relationships with candidates and clients matching the right candidate with the right client. We believe technology cannot replace the real personal relationships we cultivate. We reject the notion that technology alone is the answer to staffing which is why we our successful partnerships rely on collaboration NOT automation. ICS has been providing flexible staffing solutions for over 20 years in Information Technology, Compliance, Accounting / Finance and Corporate Support. Our staffing solutions include Contract, Temp to Perm and Permanent Placement.  ICS is an Equal Opportunity Employer.


LIS is a leading Technology Company specializing in IT Consulting, Staffing and Enterprise Solutions. We offer a flexible and friendly work environment that enables career growth and opportunities.
Our organization is looking for an experienced Oracle DBA/PL SQL Developer for a (1-3) years contract position in Remote. If interested please submit a current resume.
Candidates must have lived in the US for at least (5) years and can't have been outside the US in the last (5) years more than (6) months cumulative. This requirement is for the Public Trust Security Clearance.
1. Job Title: Oracle DBA/PL SQL Developer
2. Location: Remote
3. Job Duration: 1-3 years
4. Assignment Type: 1099, C2C
5. Pay Rate: Negotiable
6. Special Skills: 10+ years exp., bs/ba, oracle DBA, pl/sql developer, eclipes, linux scripting, db schema, db tuning, oracle 10g, toad 9.6, jcl
Required skills and qualifications: - Knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL)- Strong analytical skills and the ability to understand complex information- Ability to troubleshoot and solve problems- 8+ years of experience as an Oracle DBA/Application ADBA- 5+ years of SQL and PL/SQL Development experience- Eclipse 3.3+, Linux scripting- DB Schema Design, DB Performance tuning, Oracle 10g+, TOAD 9.6+
Additional Required Skills/Experience: 

A minimum of ten (10) years experience in software development, database design/development, and/or related field;
A degree from an accredited College/University in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related discipline is preferred;
Able to perform all functional duties independently on high-visibility programs, or mission critical aspects of a given program;
Able to oversee the efforts of direct reporting resources and/or be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job;
Experience training/mentoring less experienced personnel;
Extensive knowledge of and experience with designing, implementing and maintaining complex relational databases;
Development experience with more than one DBMS product (e.g. Oracle, SQL Server);
Extensive knowledge of/experience with DBMS Job Control Language (JCL), access methods, access time, performance tuning, device allocation, validation checks, organization, security, documentation and statistical methods;
Extensive experience with maintenance of database dictionaries and overall monitoring of compliance with standards and procedures;
Extensive experience with system integration through database design;

#RMT
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

oracle dba: 8 years (Required)
pl/sql developer: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Senior Drupal Engineer 
  
   -THIS POSITION IS 100% REMOTE-
   
 If you are a Senior PHP Engineer with Drupal experience, please read on!
   
 Since 2002, than 1,000 organizations, law firms, government agencies, and legal service providers use our products every day to solve their most important eDiscovery concerns. Our product suite is available as a standalone product or as part of a comprehensive and integrated solution, both hosted and on-premise, and delivers market-leading flexibility and performance. We are dedicated to the success of our clients, staff, and a global network of service partners, and we are built on values of great performance, continuous development, and excellent customer service.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Competitive compensation!
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k Matching
Unlimited PTO
 ...and more!
   What You Will Be Doing

Effective communication with other engineers, product management, quality assurance, and other departments is essential.
Own and manage small to medium-sized projects that get more sophisticated over time.
Unit, integration, and functional tests should be used to thoroughly test code.
Review your code, design, and architecture on a regular basis.
Create user interface wireframes that depict the layout and flow of a program.
Influence the technological strategy with your knowledge and experience.
Provide outstanding support to our support teams by responding quickly and aggressively to high-priority situations.

 What You Need for this Position

    At least 5 years' PHP development experience with a combination of the following
   


Drupal 7
JavaScript
C#.NET
AWS (Preferred)



    So, if you are a Senior PHP Engineer with Drupal experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Kevin Jones
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Key skills include:

In-depth experience with software development standards and best practices to build efficient cross-browser web applications from mockups to maintaining existing websites.
Demonstrated experience with developing Java RESTful web services in an enterprise production environment


Demonstrated experience writing APIs and integration with AWS.
Demonstrated experience with Spring web services and core Spring Boot concepts
Demonstrated experience in creating and utilizing REST and SOAP-based web service clients
Create unit tests covering critical areas of new code while alsomaintaining existing unit tests.
Demonstrated experience in the mechanisms of enterprise software development including source control, repositories, Wikis, continuous integration, and the like


Demonstrated experience with JavaScript libraries, ideally Angular.jsJOB DESCRIPTION
Insight Global is looking for Site Reliability Engineer to work Remotely. In this role, you will work on a team accountable for telemetry, cost, security, performance, and reliability in AWS infrastructure. You will collaborate in a DevOps model with product development teams; designing, deploying, and managing automation tools that increase predictability as well as time to market while reducing cost. If you love to build developer tools, are well-versed in AWS services, have complex distributed system experience, and like engineering software solutions to solve cloud-related problems, then you will thrive in this position.
Common technologies in our ecosystem include:
Java, Go, Node, PHPLinux, WindowsApache Web, Nginx, IIS, Apache Tomcat, JettyDocker, AWS ECS, AWS EKS, and home-grown KubernetesELB, CloudFront, S3, EC2s, RDS, IAM, SQS, SES, SNS, Lambda, API Gateway, Kinesis, Lambda, ElasticCache, ElasticSearch, SSM, Control Tower, and much moreMySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQL ServerArtifactory, GitHub Enterprise, CircleCI, Jenkins, GitHub Actions, SonarQube, Jfrog X-Ray, Control TowerTerraform (preferred), CloudFormationPacker, Puppet, AnsibleNew Relic, CloudWatch, PagerDuty

Day to Day:
Participate in initiatives involving system design and provisioning, reliability, observability and monitoring, self-service tool development, cost optimization, incident response, chaos engineering and build and releaseHands-on design, analysis, development and troubleshooting of large-scale distributed systemsBuild tools and automation to eliminate repetitive tasks, minimize downtime, achieve human free operations, and provide self-service solutions to product development teamsWork to improve the observability and monitoring of our systems. Proactively monitor capacity, performance, and cost metrics to ensure quality and identify opportunities for improvementShare an on-call rotation with your team where you will respond to incidents, lead triage efforts, and conduct blameless postmortemsPartner with engineering, security, and product teams to keep our services reliable, available, fast, and cost efficientBe a champion of the customer’s voice and ensure our solutions are built with customer empathy at the forefrontPromote SRE best practices within your team to ensure quality, stability, performance, resiliency, and maintainability of your solutionsExplore new technologies and solutions to push our capabilities forward
Your contributions:
Cloud Engineering, Observability Engineering, DevSecOps, Systems Engineering, and Resiliency Engineering.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS5+ years of experience as a software engineer, Site Reliability Engineer, or DevOps Engineer
- Experience with infrastructure automation technologies - Terraform

Expertise in container/container-fleet-orchestration technologies like AWS ECS or EKS
Proven technical abilities in the areas of reliability, monitoring, self-service tool development, incident response, and build and releaseExperience in one of these languages: Python, Go or Java. Prior software development experience preferredStrong experience with Linux environmentsDemonstrated expertise designing, building, and triaging highly scaled production infrastructure in AWSExperience building ci/cd pipelines that are fast, informative, drive quality and achieve zero downtime releases

DESIRED SKILLSSoftware Development ExperienceLead Experience


Information Technology – Remote (U.S. based)

 The Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN) is seeking an experienced Azure Developer to join its IT team. This position will develop and maintain Azure apps to integrate systems in the enterprise. Self-motivated professionals will: participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle; demonstrate the ability to challenge the status quo; influence others to embrace new technologies and processes; and motivate others toward continual improvement in the performance of the organization.

 The successful candidate will have the following qualifications:

 2-3 years of development experience with:
    
 Logic and Function Apps
 Azure API Management
 Azure Service Bus
 Key Vault
 API Connection
 Azure Integration Services

 Software development language skills in the following areas:
 C# JavaScript, Typescript HTML, JSON, XML
 Working knowledge of Event Hub and Event Grid, a plus
 Microsoft Azure Developer certification a strong plus
 Working knowledge in the following protocols and styles:
 HTTP, HTTPS, REST, OData, CORS, SOAP
 Platform skills in the following areas:
 Microsoft Visual Studio Azure DevOps (Source Control, Work items, Build and Release Management) Microsoft SQL Server Test-Driven development practices
 Experience with the Microsoft Power Platform, a plus
 Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
 Ability to work in an enterprise environment considering infrastructure, engineering, support and data administration requirements
 Excellent oral and written communication skills
 Ability to learn and implement new methods and technologies
 Flexible with ability to work in a demanding, fast-paced environment under tight deadlines
 Self-motivated with ability to work independently and as an effective member of a team
 Technical degree or equivalent job experience


 CBN is a global nonprofit ministry demonstrating the love of God and sharing the Gospel through traditional and digital media, and humanitarian aid. CBN offers a professional and rewarding work environment, competitive salary, and full benefits package. If you meet the listed qualifications and are in agreement with CBN’s mission and purpose, please submit an application online by visiting www.cbn.com.
 We are unable to give full consideration to resumes without applications.



 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
What you’ll do:
 As a P rocess and Software Quality Engineer you will enable and support the engineering team: 
 

To establish software development processes and tool chains that meets related software standards, i.e., Automotive SPICE, Functional Safety, SOTIF, and Cybersecurity
Perform quality assurance activities for work products and processes
Identify non-conformance issues, and communicate with stakeholders to get them resolved
Enable and support the engineering team to deep dive top issues and execute improvement actions for root cause
Collect and analyze software quality data during development, identify quality risks and report quality status to relevant stakeholders regularly
Lead or support audits and assessments for Automotive SPICE or Functional Safety
Work with Software Engineering teams to implement software quality and safety processes
Analyze process gaps and identify opportunities to improve software development processes

What you’ll need to Succeed:


4+ years of experience in Software Development.
Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Systems Engineering or a related technical field.
Working knowledge of writing and development software process documentation, process measurements, and statistical process control.
Familiar with software development tools
Experience with various software development life cycle models (Agile, V, Waterfall, Incremental, Iterative, Spiral, Prototyping, etc.)
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills to build trust and strong working relationships, effectively create and proofread documents and reports, and communicate to a diverse workforce.
 Bonus Points! 
 

Keen attention to detail to identify problems and processes that don’t comply with protocol.
Critical/logical thinking to identify problems and provide solutions to ensure efficiency, safety, and quality.
Strong business insight and judgment, team orientation and collaborative style
Experienced in driving process improvement using industry standards such as Automotive SPICE, CMMI, ISO 26262, ISO/PAS 21448, or ISO/SAE 21434

Additional Skills & Qualifications:
 Why is the position open? 
 This company is designing Autonomous Semi-Trucks and with the new technology, they are in need of people to help create documents to make sure software processes are followed. 
 

Occasional travel to onsite in VA needed. Otherwise this role can be 100% remote!

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

Post1
About the organization:eTeam was formed in 1999 with the goal of becoming the company of choice for clients, talent and staffing professionals. Today, we’re one of the fastest-growing global companies and ranked as one of the best companies to work for by Staffing Industry Analysts. We aspire everyday to do quality work for our clients and help our talent work at some of the most amazing companies.
Developer I6 Months Extendable contract100% remote
The required skills are:

Strong stored procedures / SQL queries experience with SQL server. Deep knowledge with creation and optimization of stored procedures and SQL queries is required
PowerShell scripting experience is required to replicate data across enterprise systems.
Experience with .NET web application development and system enhancements is required.
Hands on experience with React JS is a plus.
Knowledge of Microsoft Visual Studio version 2019, asp.net & .Net core 3.1 above is a plus.
Software development experience in C# (.NET MVC and .NET Core) is a plus.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $35.00 - $42.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Senior Site Reliability Engineer - 100% Remote  Must be a USC  No c2c No sponsorship offered   What You'll Do

 Participate in 24x7 shifts.
 Coordinate with SRE and Engineering Team.
 Manage the Cloud Command Centre Team. 
Monitor the stability of our products with various internal tools.
 Handle incident response, troubleshooting and fix for various products/services.
 Handle escalations as per policies/procedures.
 Get different internal/external groups together to resolve production site issues effectively.
 Communicate clearly on tickets, phone calls made to the team about various issues.
 Exhibit a sense of urgency to resolve issues.
 Ensure SLA's and Operational standards are met.
 Raise tickets to different internal groups to resolve recurrent problems, alerts and follow-up on escalated issues.
 Liaison with engineering teams for RCA's, permanent resolutions on issues affecting production sites.
 Contribute to Operations handbook.
 Ensure smooth hand-offs between shifts.

 Who You Are

 Bachelor's degree or higher, in Computer Science, Engineering, IT or related discipline
 4 to 7 Years of total experience as a site reliability engineer
 Cloud: AWS/Azure/GCP
 Linux: Solid understanding of Linux Systems, sed/awk/grep/egrep, VI/VIM/Emacs, netstat, lsof, strace, ps/top/atop/dstat, grub boot config & systems rescue, fstab/disk labels, ext3/ext4, IPtables, sysstat (sar/vmstat/iostat etc), run-levels & startup scripts, sudo/chroot
 Scripting: Bash/Python
 Development Languages and Frameworks: Python/Django, Vue, React, Go Lang
 Fundamentals: Basic DNS & Networking, TCP/UDP, IP Routing, HA & Load Balancing Concepts.
 Application Protocols: SMTP, HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, IMAP, POP.
 Good to have Applications: Database Systems Fundamentals (MySQL/Postgres), Redis, Nginx/Apache , Supervisorctl
 Tools/Utilities: Nagios, Yum, RPM, GIT, Grafana, Prometheus, New Relic, ELK, Docker, Jenkins
 Certifications: RHCSA/RHCE/AWS (SysOps).



Link 2 Solutions LLC has been engaged to identify top quality candidates for a new Mid/Senior Software Engineer (Microsoft Technology Stack) position to join the IT team of our great client. THIS IS A 6 MONTH CONTRACT TO HIRE or PERMANENT AND WILL BE A FULL-TIME 100% VIRTUAL OPPORTUNITY.
Significant experience with debit/credit monetary transactions, and/or NACHA/EFT in the Financial Services Sector - or specific experience in the Healthcare Sector preferred......
Develop, design, and maintain ASP.NET MVC / .NET Core web applications utilizing enterprise SDLC best practices in a full Microsoft stack environment. Write effective business layer objects, observing existing patterns and practices, and the supporting data layer methods, entities, and queries
Implement solutions in N-Tier applications utilizing C# and OOP design principals.
Utilize SQL server data access mechanisms such as Entity Framework, ADO, and TSQL to accomplish software development requirements.
Given a statement of work or functional specifications, create technical design documentation to facilitate software solutions.
Understand and assist in the maintenance of source control repositories, continuous integration services, and development operations tools.
Write technical documentation for applications and supporting software.
Research and remain current on trends and standards in programming in order to ensure continued professional development and timely adoption of standards and technology that would benefit Transnetyx projects.
EDUCATION:
B.S. in Computer Science, CIS, MIS, or related field of study or equivalent combination or education and experience.
EXPERIENCE:
Must have 2 - 3 years of experience in software development and application design.
REQUIRED COMPETENCIES:

C# with strong Object Oriented Design knowledge
SQL Server data access technologies (Entity Framework, ADO, Micro-ORM, etc.)
ASP.NET MVC 5 (Bootstrap, JS/JQuery, Razor)
ASP.NET Core
Web service development (REST, SOAP, WebApi)
A basic understanding of the Scrum agile methodology

ADDITIONAL SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience with JIRA, Bitbucket, Jenkins / Bamboo, JMeter, Azure and/or other devops tools is highly desirable.
Distributed version control systems (git, mercurial)
Cross platform mobile application development experience utilizing React, Xamarin, or Apache Cordova is a plus.
Must have excellent written and oral communication skills and be able work cooperatively and collaboratively with all levels of employees, management and third parties.
Must possess strong analytical skills, be detail-oriented, be able to work under pressure, meet deadlines, multi-task and work both independently and as a part of a team.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $90,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Software Engineering: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: One location


  REMOTE Android Developer 
  
Job Title: REMOTE Android Developer
   
Location: REMOTE - Anywhere in the US (we also offer 25 Days PTO in your first year)
   
Salary: $80,000 - $120,000 Annual Base Salary
   
Requirements: SDK/Devkit, Android, Java, Kotlin
   
 If you are a REMOTE Android Developer with 2+ years of experience, please read on!
   
 We have been around since 2019 reinventing the way patients are taken care of, not only in the hospital but also outside of the hospital. We are starting to get recognition from well-known hospitals such as Northwell, Mount Sinai. We started off in the UK Health System but started a small team in the US to help improve healthcare in the US.
   
 This Android Developer will be working with a fast-paced, close-knit dev team. The technology focus is SDK/Devkit, writing mobile applications and libraries, Java, and Kotlin. This role will be making a powerful impact on our future working on our core video platform.
   
 Our product will be helping decrease contagious outbreaks, hospital stays, and saving many lives in the future!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Writing mobile applications and libraries
Developing with Java and Kotlin
Working in a cross-platform technology environment

 What You Need for this Position

Android
Java
Kotlin

 What's In It for You

    - $80,000 - $120,000 Annual Base Salary
   

Flexible Healthcare
25 Days PTO within the first year
Be a part of a fast-passed healthcare start-up
Work with a team in the Northeast sector!



    So, if you are a REMOTE Android Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Wendy Warner
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  FULLY REMOTE - Senior Engineering Manager - Golang, React.js 
  
   If you are a FULLY REMOTE - Senior Engineering Manager - Golang, React.js with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Lead team of engineers (consultants and/or employees) in maintaining and enhancing our software products
Lead and manage the product support engineering team, including maintenance, security fixes and reports, related DevOps, and issue resolution
Effectively set and manage expectations with engineering, senior management, and external stakeholders
Participate in strong engineering process through code and architectural review
Participate in design sessions and code reviews that elevate the quality of engineering across the organization

 What You Need for this Position

Golang
Engineering Manager
REACT
SQL
TypeScript
Docker
Azure
Python
Tableau

 What's In It for You

Competitive compensation
 - Health insurance - medical, dental, life and vision
  

401k employer matching contributions
Paid time off
State-of-the-art office space
Extensive job training
Positive work environment that fosters on-going professional growth.


    So, if you are a FULLY REMOTE - Senior Engineering Manager - Golang, React.js with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Justin Sandy
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Build and implement monitoring and recovery tools to provide optimum delivery and resilience
.Onboard Snowflake, Qlik, Talend, Wherescape application logs to Elastic Observability logging platform.
Analyze application logs to implement threshold/rules and generate alerts/warnings on errors/long running processes.
Create Dashboards in Elastic Observability to monitor all application servers/logs in one place.Skills: 2+ years experience in Elastic Observability
Expert in log event aggregation, metric collection and application monitoring and event handling. (Elastic Observability, SCOM, AppD, Uptrends, AppInsights)

Cloud Platform: - Strong working knowledge of cloud services and architecture. (AWS, Azure) - Distributed Systems. (Architectures, high availability) with proficiency in installation in large scale enterprise environments.

Can easily work with programming languages. (.Net, C#, C++, Python).

Uses scripting languages or other tools to enable workflow automation. Administrative/Interpersonal Skills (All): - Self-motivated, Fast learner, Good verbal and written communication skills.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $55.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Elastic Observability: 2 years (Preferred)
AWS: 2 years (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 2 years (Preferred)
Logging: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Senior Software Engineer (Full Stack) to join their top-tier team.

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD
Telework Availability: Yes - 16 hours a week

Duties Include:
Responsible for API development; create and maintain API documentation for publication
Design and code new software to modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop, update, and maintain 508 Compliant User Interfaces
Develop services for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Perform database and software life-cycle activities to ensure highest level of system performance and availability and compliance with business requirements

Required Education / Years of Experience:
20 years of experience with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required OR 24 years total of software development experience may be substituted for candidates without a qualifying bachelor’s degree.

Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
An Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph

Technical Experience:
At least twenty (20) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution. The individual must be able to communicate directions and provide guidance to junior programmer/analysts, as required.

Front End:
Experience with Angular 2

Middle Tier:
Experience with JAVA
Experience with Spring Framework
Experience with Spring Boot

Back-End:
Experience with MongoDB
Experience with Elasticsearch

General Experience:
Experience designing and conducting software tests; including Unit, Integration, and System tests using Junit
Experience with Linux (basic system administration knowledge)
Experience responding to user issues
Excellent organizational skills to keep track of emails and tickets
Good interpersonal skills. Must be able to interact with software development team members
Ability to work in a dynamically changing environment
Experience with Agile methods, Scrum, and XP
Maintaining knowledge of industry trends and standards
Experience with JIRA

BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! First American's National Production Services division provides global title and escrow production support across all channels within First American Title including the Mortgage Services, Commercial, Direct, and Agency divisions. Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary

 We are looking for a Senior DevOps engineer to join our DevOps team focused on the digital transformation of our business applications into the Cloud. Our team is responsible for working with our AppDev team on developing code that can be deployed in a repeatable automated method using DevOps industry best practices. Participate in the automation, deployment, debugging, and maintenance of software code to build and deploy our customer-facing business applications. Work with AppDev teams to understand problems with software build and deployments. Help AppDev create Build/Application/Database servers for Business Application based on documentation provided. Develop and maintain deployment Framework (Infrastructure as Code) for application and database automations.

 ******** 100% Remote Opportunity *********

 Essential Functions

 Devises/modifies procedures to solve problems considering computer equipment capacity and limitations, operating time, and desired results.
 Designs, codes, test and debugs deployment Framework as needed. Documents deployment procedures and changes.
 Consult with PM’s and develop business relationships and integrate activities with other IT departments to ensure successful integration.
 Expert in Source control tools and provides support for complex administration tasks for all Application Projects
 Expert in DBA tasks and work with Infrastructure and AppDev teams in trouble shooting complex Database issues.
 Experience in collaboration tool administration tasks and provide support in installation, configuration and upgrade tasks.
 Enhance and document onboarding process and provide feedback to team in process improvement.
 May lead small projects or regularly coach other team members to ensure business application systems are supported in a way that complies with established methodologies and practices.
 Monitor and report to management on the status of project efforts, anticipating/identifying issues that inhibit the attainment of project goals and implementing corrective actions.
 Foster and maintain good relationships with customers and IT colleagues to meet expected customer service levels.
 Implement Disaster recovery tasks in collaboration with AppDev teams for each onboarded applications.
 Experienced in Agile process and understand how to create a project, create user stories and assign tasks to SCM team members.

 Job Complexities

 Competent to work at the highest technical level of all phases of software configuration and support activities.
 Uses skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and established policies and procedures.
 Troubleshoots a wide variety of complex problems and identifies solutions within broad applications and functional expertise.
 Regularly provides input to define and implement conceptual issues.
 Provide SCM team support to onboard new application.
 Provide SCM team support for Disaster recovery tasks.
 Provide on call support on weekends and holidays.
 Work with external vendors to troubleshoot and resolve technical issues


 Knowledge and Skills/Technology Used

 Fluent in multiple application development languages & data structures at an expert level including javascript, python, .net, C#, json, xml, yaml.
 Current experience with various computer platforms and Cloud application environments including Azure, GCP and AWS.
 Expert in design and development of automation tools and scripting languages including Terraform, Groovy, python, shell
 Expert in Database administrations tasks and provide critical support including MSsql, MySql, Postgress, AWS RDS/Aurora, Redshift.
 Expert in continuous integration products and collaboration tools including Jenkins, TeamCity, BitBucket, Jira
 Solid Project Management skills.
 Solid Presentation skills.
 Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
 Provides excellent customer service to customer base and mentors junior team members.


 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience

 Typical Range of Experience

 Typically 5-7 years of directly related experience


 #techreferral
 #LI-NM1
 #NPSIT

 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.



Location: Lombard, IL, USA 
   Virtual
  
Req Number: #138
  
 Paradigm is an accountable care management organization focused on improving the lives of people with complex and catastrophic injuries and diagnoses. We have been a pioneer in value-based care since 1991, offering deep clinical expertise, high-value specialty networks, behavioral health support, payment integrity solutions, and robust data analytics to generate the very best outcomes for patients, payers, and providers.Paradigm is headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, with offices across the U.S. For more information, please visit www.paradigmcorp.com. 
  

Job Title: Java Software Engineer

Location: 100% Remote


SUMMARY:Responsible for developing and designing front end and back end web architecture and applications, ensuring the responsiveness of applications and providing support for medium to large highly complex applications that require increased skill across multiple technical domains and disciplines, that have system wide impact and that integrate across the organization. Serves as individual contributor and point of contact for ongoing technical activities, while providing support for small and large highly complex projects. This position will be required to see out a project from conception to final product, requiring good organizational skills and attention to detail.
  

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:


 This role will work directly with solution and domain architects along with engineers to understand their technical system requirements.
 Receives some supervision and direction as regards prioritization of work but is competent to work independently.
 Independently designs and develops cost effective application and program solutions.
 Independently performs and assists other team members in providing ongoing system maintenance, research, and problem resolution and on-call support tasks for existing systems.
 Technical contributor for translation of business requirements to technical specifications and in the design of new applications and enhancements including integration of purchased solutions.
 Performs unit testing and assist with integration and system testing, according to detailed test plans to ensure high-quality systems.
 Understands the business and functional requirements that apply to the applications supporting a sub-domain or domain as well as their relevant interfaces.
 Recommends products that will evolve the organization's technical infrastructure.
 Responsible for Code Asset Management for an application or set of applications. Supports and promotes the reuse of assets across the organization.

 OTHER PRIORITES INCLUDE:


 Familiarity and compliant with the efficient utilization of the prescribed methodologies and ensures compliance for the work of all aligned resources.
 Responsible for complying with Paradigm IT security requirement and policies.
 Responsible for safeguarding Paradigm or Paradigm related IT passwords.
 Responsible for notifying Paradigm of any IT security incidents per policy 16.0 Information Security Incident Management.


 REQUIREMENTS:


 3+ years of enterprise software design Java (preferred), J2EE, and recent experience of designing and developing RESTful APIs
 Strong database SQL skills and experience in one of the relational databases like DB2, Oracle, or SQL Server. Knowledge of SQL tuning, or NoSQL DBs like Mongo, Cosmos is an added bonus.
 Experience with Git, build scripting (Maven)
 Experience or exposure to Microsoft Azure DevOps, Unit Testing & Test-Driven Development.
 Knowledge of micro services design patterns, MVC controller architecture is preferred.
 Experience using Kubernetes, Docker on a cloud-based platform is a plus, particularly having scaled containers across multiple Docker daemons is preferred.
 Experience using continuous deployment / continuous integration (CI / CD) technology.
 Exposure to Java Script frameworks (DOJO, jQuery, AngularJS, or React), HTML5, CSS
 Experience with Microsoft APIM, Identity management is an added bonus.
 Experience with agile development methodologies including Kanban and Scrum Experience.
 Being Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Associate; DevOps Engineer or Master Java Enterprise Architect or Kubernetes is an added bonus

 Non-technical
Requirements
:


 Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Computer Science or Software Development/Engineering. 
Excellent interpersonal/written/verbal communication and listening skills necessary.
 Exhibit self-motivation for success in a fast-paced, dynamic and unstructured environment.
 Ability to adapt and be open to frequent changes in work environment and prioritization.
 Ability to manage multiple competing deadlines.

 PM19 
  
 Paradigm believes that fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace is central to our mission of helping more people and transforming lives. We're striving to build a culture that better reflects the society we live in, and empowers our team to deliver the highest levels of compassion and care to those we serve. For us, achieving this goal requires a workforce that respectfully embraces differences and commits to positive change, creating an environment where everyone is able to bring their whole self to work.
   PI177988189

A career in our Master Limited Partnerships Technology practice, within Tax services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients meet and manage their tax obligations across unique but ever changing tax specialties. You’ll advise clients on their local and overseas tax affairs, while acting as a strategic consultant related to business analysis, managing indirect taxes, dispute resolution, and global enterprise tax solutions.

Our team helps organisations with Tax reporting for large or complex partnership structures. You’ll be part of team that is organised into three core functional areas: tax team, client team, and technology team. Both the client and tax teams directly leverage their subject matter expertise against a variety of custom applications to deliver a high level of value to our clients.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner.
Share and collaborate effectively with others.
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise.
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Follow risk management and compliance procedures.
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism.
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce.
Build and maintain an internal and external network.
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
We’re leading the way as technology-enabled tax advisors who provide value through digitization, automation and increased efficiencies - all made possible by equipping our professionals to succeed in a world where transactions are faster, more complicated and require a deeper level of sophistication. PwC Tax provides unparalleled technical knowledge and specialization and industry insights, coupled with the One Firm knowledge that brings everything PwC offers to solve our clients’ needs

Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Required Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Computer and Information Science

Minimum Years of Experience:
1 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Certification(s) Preferred:
MCPD, MCTS, and/or MCSD

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in any of the following programming tools: ASP.NET, C#, MS SQL Server, .NET framework, SQL, Database Design, HTML, XML, Visual Studio, Azure Dev Ops, Git. Fundamental knowledge with a variety of data structures and algorithms related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrated awareness of advanced programming concepts and object-oriented design patterns related to the application development lifecycle, including the analysis of business requirements, evaluation of design patterns, and system enhancements coding. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success working in, on-call environments.
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success to interact effectively in a team environment, yet also function well with independent responsibilities. Proven ability to conduct thorough and detailed research pertinent to client, industry-related, and technical matters related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in client service orientation-the proven ability to build client relationships, surface and identify problems and develop creative solutions.
As a tax technical professional, experience researching business and industry trends to develop a point of view to leverage in assisting with proposals.

Exposure with automation & digitization in a professional services environment including but not limited to: - innovating through new and existing technologies, along with experimenting with digitization solutions;
working with large, complex data sets to build models and leverage data visualization tools.
We are transforming the way we deliver tax services. Find out more about what we do on our Tax Career Page at pwc.to/whatwedotax
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradotaxassociate.

#LI-Remote

Description
 Location: Remote, Johnston, RI
 As a member of the Digital Identity Services (DIS) team you will be responsible for designing, building, and supporting our identity applications and APIs, primarily using Java. Candidates with exposure to full stack development are a plus.

 


Primary responsibilities include:
 



Analyzing, designing, programming, debugging, supporting, and modifying software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, or Internet-facing applications
 Partnering with business line and architects during initial project stages to ensure the accuracy of requirements and provide critical input and direction from a technology perspective
 Completing documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance
 Interacting with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications 

Providing guidance to technology and business partners on complexity and delivery
 Providing technical team guidance on code reviews, branching strategy, and release coordination
 Working with architects and other technology leads to define and document Web and Mobile guidelines and standards for development and deployment of applications following industry best practices
 Ensuring successful incremental product releases while driving to deadlines.


 Location is not a barrier for this role. An onsite position at our corporate headquarters in Rhode Island is available and we are open to remote employment within the United States for an experienced candidate. 


Qualifications
 Experience and Skills:


 8 years of software development experience
 Proficient in Agile practices
 Hands-on experience in Java Stack (Advanced Java Version 7+, Open-Source Java, Spring Framework, Spring Boot)
 Solid experience interfacing with back-end applications using RESTful services, and JSON.
 Solid experience in key design patterns and best practices (eg. separation of concerns)
 Experience working in AWS cloud environments & tools and in jacoco, SonarQube, CheckStyle, JMeter and JProfiler
 Experience in deploying services using containers/wars(dockers/k8s)
 Strong background in GIT and continuous delivery environments where repeatable processes are highly automated
 Solid experience in micro service frameworks (eg: Spring Boot)
 Experience in writing unit & integration test cases for services
 Experience in database concepts – proficient in writing relational database queries – MySQL
 Ability to develop functional, technical and user interface designs for an application that meets the defined requirements (business, system performance and standards)
 Experience in highly secured online environments that use n-tier designs and extensive firewalling to enhance security
 Expertise in architecting, designing and developing highly scalable large scale and available applications
 Evaluates program modules for performance scalability and openness of design
 Develops programming guidelines/standards and makes them accessible to other programmers
 Strong focus on security of the channel and any customer data
 Strong communication (both oral and written) and interpersonal skills
 5+ years of experience in the financial services industry, developing solutions for consumer banking, portfolio management, trading, compliance or wealth management preferred


 Education, Certifications and/or Other Professional Credentials:


 BA/BS in Information Systems, Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience preferred
 CISSP, CIDPRO, CEH, CRISC, or other relevant security certifications with knowledge of ISO, NIST, or FFIEC guidance preferred


 Hours & Work Schedule
 Hours per Week: 40
 Work Schedule: Monday through Friday
 This position is not available in Colorado
 #LI-Remote

 Why Work for Us
 At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.
   Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
  
 Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates.


Title: Backend Developer--Remote RoleDuration: Temp to HirePay Rate: $65/hr on W2
Required: 

Bachelor of Technology/Engineering or equivalent Degree
Java, Spring Boot 3 years plus
JavaScript, C#, HTML
Good understanding on AWS or other public cloud services
Database knowledge – RDBMS like SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL or DB2 (minimal one)
Agile (Scrum) project management methodology and Test-Driven Development
Hands on experience setting up and using CI/CD

Nice to Have: 

MS or ME in Technology/Engineering or equivalent Degree
Full stack development experience
JS based rich web UI framework – React.js
Data Storage knowledge with NoSQL experience
Event driven and microservice architecture experience
Mobile app development (iOS or Android)
SSIS (Microsoft ETL tool)

NOTE:  Suna Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Applicants, with criminal histories, are considered in a manner that is consistent with local, state and federal laws.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Java, Spring Boot: 3 years (Preferred)
JavaScript, C#, HTML: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS or other public cloud services: 2 years (Preferred)
RDBMS like SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL or DB2 (minimal one): 1 year (Preferred)
Agile (Scrum) project management: 1 year (Preferred)
CI/CD: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 Actalent Engineering has a Fortune 500 Global Telecommunication client looking for a Sr. Backend Java Developer to join their Defense Orchestrator (CDO) team ( no clearance required) . In this role, you will develop new features and improvements for a dashboard that enables teams across Cisco to easily manage policy and configuration of their security group’s firewalls. 
 Required Experience and Skills 
 Experience developing with core Java, with a focus on scalability 
 Linux Experience (this team does not use windows) 
 Experience with Spring OR Hibernate Framework 
 API Development 
 Docker OR Kubernetes Experience 
 Experience with AWS 
 
Pay rage: $125K-$175K (Based on Experience) 
 Medical Benefits, PTO, and Paid Holidays 
 Fully Remote (EST Hours) 
 
Equipment Provided: MAC OS or PC 
 No C2C; W2 ONLY 
 #LD-KD1 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

The IT Software Developer will support at least two of our largest applications. The position will involve coding, developing, and general support of these projects. In other words, through a variety of means, the IT Software Developer will translate business and technical requirements into business systems.
What you will be doing:

Designing system enhancements and business process changes geared to drive best practices that improve efficiency of staff, accuracy of results, and usefulness of data

Critically evaluating business requirements, providing alternative solutions where applicable

Working in conjunction with outside vendors in a shared development environment
Working with Application Support, QA, and development to support application issues, changes and modifications
Proactively identifying ways in which system and process changes can improve the efficiency of key users, customer service, accuracy of results, and/or completeness of data
Acting as a change agent to help ensure that the newly implemented system/process enhances the success of the project and increases the project’s chance of meeting the business' needs

What we hope you will bring to the role:

3+ years of experience in .Net web application development.
ASP.Net MVC framework experience is a plus.

Well versed in writing clean HTML, CSS, JavaScript. jQuery experience is a plus.

4+ years of Microsoft Dynamics experience required
Skilled in using Microsoft SQL Server. Writing optimized SQL and following best practices for relational databases. Creating Stored Procedures, relational tables.
Experience with maintaining and improving to an existing codebase, focusing on improving performance, scalability and user experience.
Familiar with Scrum / Agile methodologies.
Silverlight experience is a plus.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or comparable experience required. Individual should have a minimum of 3 years related work experience.
Strong communication skills are essential. Individual must be comfortable working with a variety of user groups at all levels within the organization.
Strong analytical skills and critical thinking to analyze problems, document needs and communicate these needs to a variety of audiences.
The individual must have a proven ability to understand business requirements in a variety of functional areas and the flexibility to adapt to new and changing information.
Ability to prioritize and manage many competing priorities and thrive in a fast paced environment.
Ability to work in a virtual collaborative environment.

The individual must have a strong customer service philosophy and skills; thrive in a team environment as well as in an individual setting; demonstrate impeccable organization, attention to detail and follow-up skills; have a willingness to take on new projects; be a self-starter, highly motivated, results-driven and goal-oriented, comfortable setting aggressive goals and exceeding them.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

C I D E S I G N ▊▍
Full Stack Developer (.NET)CI Design (CID) is looking for exceptional individuals from Puerto Rico to work remotely on our Development team . We have experience working with employees from Puerto Rico and have had great success. We'd like to build on that success with you.
You will be primarily responsible for development and configuration of web sites, web apps, CMS and eCommerce systems. We are a twenty-eight-year-old, growing, profitable and creative design studio producing print, web, interactive, apps, videos, AR/VR, and more.
This is a full-time, salaried position.
We are looking for

Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
A team player with solid development foundations.
Entrepreneurial spirit, self-motivation, smarts and creativity to help you to work independently or collaboratively, prioritizing tasks and maintaining deadlines.

We expect you to have
Back-End

Background in the .NET (C#) tech stack with strong experience in backend code.
Advanced understanding of databases (MSSQL, MySQL, No-SQL, etc.), and able to create db schemas and security protocols.
Demonstrated ability to both interact with and develop web services and APIs, (REST,

GraphQL).

Experience with web hosting environments, including database administration and scaling an application to support load changes.
Solid understanding of deployment & hosting via cloud solutions (Azure or AWS), and some familiarity with DevOps processes.
Experienced with Software Architecture design and best practices, and able to design the complete architecture of a complex web app.
Understanding of an entire application lifecycle and able to create and extend complex functionality to applications.
Experience with user authentication, security and data protection.
Ability to integrate UI elements developed on the front-end with server side logic.
Ability to implement automated testing and unit tests.

Front-End

A solid understanding of HTML & JavaScript.
Experience with modern CSS.
Previous hands-on development with at least one front-end framework (React, jQuery,

Angular, VueJs, Svelte, Bootstrap, NodeJS, Compass, etc.).

Capability to demonstrate responsive or mobile-first design techniques.
Ability to take a mockup or design comp. and implement a UI that reasonably reflects it.
Knowledge of handling compatibility between browsers (Chrome, Safari, Edge/IE, etc.).

General

Solid knowledge of development fundamentals (skills, languages, thinking).
Ability to perform hands-on development for medium and large size projects.
Experienced in professional communication both written and verbal.
Ability to estimate accurately and contribute to proposal/SOW writing.
A history of working in a collaborative environment and working as part of a team.
Possess some advanced skills (specialty, architecture, integration, database design).
A knack for solving problems, brainstorming, and can R&D fairly complex issues.
Pride in your work and a talent for spotting issues and ineciencies a mile away.
Comfort with group estimating and a willingness to voice an opinion “against the grain.”
A love of learning and a willingness to learn new things and share them, contribute to technology innovation, and provide mentoring to other team members.

Tools

Familiarity working with code repositories and check-in, pull request and merge processes (Git or AzureDevOps).
Experienced with Visual Studio.
Experience with DB tools (SSMS, DataGrip, MySQLWorkbench, etc.).
Project use of agile tracking tools (AzureDevOps, JIRA).

Would be great if you had: 

Development experience in a CMS or eCommerce platform (Umbraco, Kentico, Sitecore,

Orchard, etc.).

Past experience in Progressive Web Apps or a cross platform technology (Xamarin,

Cordova, etc.).

Some exposure to other tech stacks (PHP, Java).
Knowledge of basic developer SEO fundamentals.

C I D E S I G N ▊▍

Experience in an agency environment and culture.
Familiarity with developing as part of an Agile team (SCRUM, SAFe, Kanban, etc.) and interacting with tracking tools like AzureDevOps or JIRA.
Knowledge of reporting or business intelligence tools (PowerBI, Tableau, etc.).

Here’s what you’ll get: 

Understanding of how to work successfully with employees from Puerto Rico
Challenging, innovative, and authentic work environment
Remote workplace
Work/life management — when we say “no churn and burn,” we mean it
Space for personal and family life
Summer hours
Work with modern technology and toys
Fun, collaborative and aspirational teammates
A-list clients and challenging projects
Quarterly career development/goal planning and a voice in defining your role
Room for your unique talents and creative input
Position "leveling-up" in lock-step with demonstrated skills
Paid time off for DEI activities/reflection/celebration
Community outreach opportunities
A four-time, award-winning Best Place to Work employer
Profit Bonus
And more...

*
*
C I D E S I G N ▊▍
Here’s a bit more about us: 
CI Design is a creative marketing & technology agency with a unique approach driven by story, strategy, and activation. Our services include Branding, Digital Marketing, Web/App/AR/VR software development and Video. Our headquarters is in Milwaukee’s Historic Third Ward, and we’ve been named a Best Place to Work in 2018, 2019 and 2020.
CI Design is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
CI Design Inc. II 306 N Milwaukee St, Milwaukee, WI 53202 II 414.224.3100
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $58,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Flexible schedule
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

COVID-19 considerations:This is a remote position.
Application Question(s):

What is your current compensation requirement? Please do not state "negotiable"
Do you have familiarity with developing as part of an Agile team (SCRUM, SAFe, Kanban, etc.) and interacting with tracking tools like AzureDevOps or JIRA.
# of years of agency experience do you have?
# of years of experience with tracking tools like Azure DevOps or JIRA.

Education:

High school or equivalent (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations

Overview:
Perform technical analysis, design, build and unit testing of application software changes. Demonstrate professional written and oral communication skills with co-workers and all levels of management.
Responsibilities/Essential Functions:

Work with Business / Functional Analysts to understand business problems and develop technical solutions.
Develop unit test cases and unit test plans, conduct unit testing activities.
Initiate contact with internal business organizations as well as external organizations as needed.
Demonstrate both oral and written communication skills.
Adhere to departmental standards, processes, guidelines, and methodologies for all assigned tasks.
Achieve job-related educational and training goals.
Provide application software / maintenance support.
Provide on-call application Production support.
Perform other duties as required or assigned which are reasonably within the scope of the activities enumerated above.
Adhere to departmental standards, processes, guidelines, and methodologies for all assigned tasks.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:

Strong technical skills
Strong communication skills, both verbal and written
Strong organizational skills
Strong analytical skills

Working Environment/Safety Requirements:

Clean, smoke-free office environment with badge-entry access
Adherence to OSHA safety guidelines, including COVID protocols
Regularly scheduled training reinforcing positive workplace behavior
Multiple optional Employee Resource Groups for inclusion and diversity
This location requires all individuals working on site to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19.

Experience/Qualifications:

3+ years’ experience with Oracle E-Business Suite that include Oracle Receivables module.
Strong SQL, PL/SQL development skills
XML Publisher
Forms
Reports
Experience using SDLC
Preferred that candidate would have experience with Oracle Customer and Teleservices, Shell scripting, Work flow, Oracle Fusion Middleware Environment that includes Oracle Identity and Access Management, SOA/B2B, Web Center Content Management System

License Requirements/Certifications:

Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience.

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Oracle EBS: 2 years (Required)
Oracle Cloud Development: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Description
 Location: Remote, Johnston, RI
 Citizens is looking for a talented, highly motivated engineer to join the Network Services team. This team is responsible for deploying and supporting the network and voice infrastructure to over 1200 locations and is continually expanding its technological capabilities. With a combination of on-premise, colocation, and cloud infrastructure, Citizens is currently in a significant growth period that includes adopting new technologies across the enterprise. Automation is the key to meeting our demands; you will be responsible for conceiving, developing and launching tools to support network deployment, maintenance, and scale of data center and edge infrastructure. It requires a broad network engineering background that spans across multiple platforms: routing / switching / load balancing / firewalls.
 As a member of this team, you will have a unique opportunity to be involved in all aspects of networking at Citizens.

 Conceptualize, build, and maintain tools to support Infrastructure services 




Proactively find gaps that impact multiple teams/organizations, come up with the execution plan and drive the project and influence other teams 




Develop automated methods to detect, mitigate and remediate network events
 Help make the people around you move faster by identifying issues slowing the team down and driving changes to address them 




Lead/mentor other folks - Work with other team members from partner teams, understand their challenges, help them find a solution and enable them to write code to address it 




Drive requirements with vendors and third parties to align our internal tooling efforts
 5+ years of experience building software for network infrastructure 




Experience with programming languages (Python, Perl, or C++) 




Knowledge of Linux OS/networking 




Experience with network devices (routers, switches, load balancers) and knowledge of network routing protocols 




Experience with design and implementation of network operation system 




Experience debugging issues within custom code 




Knowledge of technology-agnostic approach to engineering 



Responsibilities

 Assist with managing the network tools infrastructure at Citizens Bank
 You will be responsible for conceiving, developing and launching tools to support network deployment, maintenance, and scale of data center and edge infrastructure
 As a member of this team, you will have a unique opportunity to be involved in all aspects of networking at Citizens
 Conceptualize, build, and maintain tools to support Infrastructure services
 Proactively find gaps that impact multiple teams/organizations, come up with the execution plan and drive the project and influence other teams
 Develop automated methods to detect, mitigate and remediate network events
 Help make the people around you move faster by identifying issues slowing the team down and driving changes to address them
 Lead/mentor other folks - Work with other team members from partner teams, understand their challenges, help them find a solution and enable them to write code to address it
 Help them by mentoring and assuring their quick ramp up within our environment
 Drive requirements with vendors and third parties to align our internal tooling efforts

 Qualifications


 5+ years of experience building software for network infrastructure 




Experience with programming languages (Python, Perl, or C++) 




Knowledge of Linux OS/networking 




Experience with deploying and managing Network Management & Monitoring Tools
 Knowledge of SQL Databases a plus
 Knowledge of Ansible a plus
 Experience with network devices (routers, switches, load balancers) and knowledge of network routing protocols 




Experience with design and implementation of network operation system 




Experience debugging issues within custom code 




Knowledge of technology-agnostic approach to engineering


 


Education
 Bachelor's degree in business or a related technical field preferred. Relevant work experience may be substituted in lieu of degree.
 Hours and Schedule:
 Hours: 40
 Schedule: M-F 8-5
 #LI-Sourcer3
 #LI-Remote

 This role is not available in Colorado


 Why Work for Us
 At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.
   Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
  
 Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates.


We are looking for a Semi Senior/ Senior MuleSoft API Developer.
This position is to work for one of our Clients. This with a large insurance company that treats their contractors like family. They promote work/ life balance.
The applicant should have 5 years working experience, 3 in MuleSoft
Have an Green Card or be an US Citizen
Requirements
Professionally contributed to solution development, documentation and implementation over the last five plus years with 3 years or more in

MuleSoft, DataWeave, Anypoint Platform
API / Microservices
Building/managing AWS cloud services by automating/orchestrating moderately complex processes, within a single cloud environment
Distributed AWS cloud platform configuration, deployment, and lifecycle management automation tools.Learns quickly when facing new problems and is a relentless and versatile learner, open to change. Analyzes both successes and failures for clues to improvement.

Valuable experience

Kafka, AWS, XML, Java / Spring Boot, Jenkins
MuleSoft administration, configuration, and tuning
Participated and/or lead the coordination of MuleSoft releases
Has experience with popular cloud service providers or on-premises cloud tools
Understands hybrid-cloud topologies. Can integrate cloud and legacy on-premise environments
- Understands security and compliance for cloud environment

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $47.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

MuleSoft API Developer: 3 years (Required)
DataWeave: 3 years (Required)
Anypoint Platform: 3 years (Required)
Kafka: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Job Title: Full Stack .NET Engineer (WPF)
Duration: Long Term
Location: Westlake, Texas (Remote till Covid)
The Role
As a desktop developer, will help us build the desktop user experience and the underlying platforms needed to support our digital presence. You’ll work on building end to end features as part of our autonomous, cross functional teams. You’ll have the opportunity to own entire features from concept to deployment working on multi-functional teams. You'll have the opportunity to contribute ideas to improve our products as well as develop your skills, learn new technologies and languages, and continue to learn. We're looking for highly motivated individuals who work well in an iterative and fast-paced environment.
The Expertise You Have

Solid understanding of HTTP based APIs, Networking and how the internet works.
Strong .Net/C# based applications expertise desired
Proven experience with application frameworks
Experience with VSTS repository/pipelines & tools
Experience with performance tuning & memory utilization of desktop applications
Knowledge of Visual Design & Rapid Prototyping
Expert at one IDE of choice (Visual Studio, WebStorm)
Unit testing & Automation Tools/Frameworks (MS Unit, NUnit)
API Design & Development, MicroServices Architecture.
DevOps, Automated Testing and Continuous Delivery

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $75.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

.NET: 10 years (Preferred)
WPF: 10 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Imagine a world where you could detect health issues sooner to treat them more effectively. Where food and water are always safe, even in remote corners of the earth. And where scientific and medical research are enhanced to solve the greatest challenges of our times. At PerkinElmer, we imagine this world every day. Then, we innovate and collaborate to make it happen everywhere.

Our dedicated team of about 16,000 employees worldwide, pioneers scientific technologies for better detection, imaging, and informatics to help our customers work to create healthier families, improve the quality of life, and sustain the well-being and longevity of people globally.
If you are seeking a meaningful, impactful, and stimulating career, look no further.

PerkinElmer is a manufacturer of scientific instruments, reagents, and software to drive innovations in human and environmental health around the world. We are looking for a talented Senior Full Stack Developer (React, Node.js) to join our Informatics team, building a product we call the Signals Data Factory. The Signals Data Factory is a product which specializes in taking in many different forms of scientific data, transforming it (using Apache Spark), and making it searchable (using Elasticsearch) and analyzable via a variety of interfaces. Its current use spans from early in the drug-discovery process to analyzing active clinical trial data. If you are looking to join a team of talented engineers and to contribute to delivering amazing, high impact, customer-focused features, this is a great opportunity.

You Will :
Create secure, performant interfaces and services

Work on an intuitive approach to defining data transformation via a UI.

Work with AWS services and cloud technologies

Collaborate with fellow team members on priorities, specifications, and feature implementation

Craft well-documented, reusable, and testable code.

Work on a system capable of processing petabytes of data

Build and maintain new, high impact functionality into the Signals Data Factory

Basic Qualifications:
5+ years development, in JavaScript based scripting language

Experience with modern front-end development

Experience with making Node.js based APIs

Experience with React.js and its core principles

Experience with cloud-hosting at one of the top-3 providers

Strongly driven – ability to clarify requirements and deliver code in a highly distributed and fast-moving environment

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree preferred

A good understanding of git workflows

Angular.js

Kubernetes

Rancher

Docker

Java/Scala

Mocha/Sinon

#LI-TE

  Lead Developer 
  
   I am looking for a Lead Software Engineer to join a rapidly growing startup company in the SaaS/Financial industry. This is a 100% remote position and my client's platform helps automate the process and decrease compliance/transaction risks for financial institutions nationwide. They have received over $5M in series funding and in process of closing another round series A. They are a fully backed company with an existing product in market.
   

Tech stack: Node, Angular, AWS 
 Flexible on salary: $180-225K base (depends on experience), Bonus, Equity, Generous PTO.
   
 If you are interested, please reply back w/ your resume and a time today I can call for 5 min.
  
 What's In It for You

    We offer a comprehensive compensation plan including but not limited to:
   

A highly competitive salary
Bonus Package 
Full benefits (Dental, Medical, Vision)
401k with company match


 What You Will Be Doing

Build high-quality software with the help of other team members.
Organize project needs and deadlines.
You will continue to directly contribute to the code development while leading and managing projects, thus you must have hands-on coding expertise.
Train junior engineers
Participate in scrums and other agile rituals.
Assist the team in creating scalable structures and encouraging best practices.

 What You Need for this Position

    Must have experience: 
   

7+ years of experience as a Software Developer
2+ years of experience as a Lead or Manager
5+ years of experience with Node
Minimum 3+ years of experience with Angular 

 Pluses: 
   

Payment Industry



    So, if you are a Lead Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Miranda Orr
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


This company is unable to sponsor, cannot transfer sponsorship, nor work C2C at this time. This is a W2 only opportunity.
 A retail organization is seeking a Senior Application Developer with extensive exprience developing in C#. This is a contract-to-hire role and is remote, but candidates in eastern-time-zone are preferred. 
 Responsibilities:

 Designing, developing, and implementing technology solutions by creating new and modifying existing applications
 Requirements gathering, program design, coding, testing, debugging, documentation, and operations support of all systems
 Collaborating with the product owner to create and refine user stories 
Develop and commit to quarterly objectives and goals 
Estimate size and complexity of work 
Conduct research, design, and prototype
 Support and/or create the automation necessary to build continuous delivery pipeline
 Provide technical consulting 

Qualifications:

 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/IT or related field 
7+ years of software development experience
 7+ years of software development experience with C#
 5+ years of development experience with .NET Core 3.1 
5+ years of ReactJS experience is required. (Feature toggles/feature flag/deliver dark experience)
 Knowledge working on Azure DevOps pipelines
 In-depth knowledge of microservices 
Knowledge in Docker and Kubernetes
 Cloud Computing 
Experience in unit testing 
Mobile device development
 Experience working with Kafka or other streaming messenger platform is a plus




Kelly Technology is looking for a Site Reliability Lead Engineer open with our client, one of the leading security software development companies headquartered in EU.


Title: Site Reliability Lead Engineer Remote
Location: anywhere in U.S.
Client Industry: IT Software/IT Security
Contract-to-Hire with health benefits or Direct Hire with great benefits and bonus
100% Remote
Will work with Federal Government, thus must be a US Citizen (Dual Citizenship is not allowed)


JOB OVERVIEW
80% lead the SRE team of 8-10
20% perform the SRE tasks


Ownership of system deployment, product KPIs and SLA reporting.
Driving and developing the roadmap of the SRE team with an emphasis on deployment automation and observability.
Availability and performance of production services.
Deployment of upgrades and installation of new patches.
Troubleshooting, error logs analysis, reports generation, capacity planning


SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE/ABILITITES
3 to 5 years of experience in management of reliability engineers and engineering teams.
3+ years of experience leading teams within a Cloud environment (AWS preferred).
3+ years of experience in leading teams with focus on CICD through Agile processing.
CI/CD automation and orchestration with Kubernetes, EKS, Helm, and Ansible.
Experience with Unix/Linux operating systems, CLI and administration.
Experience in production environments supporting mission-critical applications.
Working knowledge of Java, JVM management and configuration.


PREFERRED
Certification or relevant experience with AWS and/or Azure Cloud services a big plus.
Familiarity with SOC-2 and FedRamp.


Interested in this role? Please feel free to reach out directly 
Tina Zahradnik, Technical Recruiter at tina.zahradnik@kellyit.com or 720-315-1387


#TJP2022-SPEC

 You should know: Your safety matters! Vaccination against COVID-19 may be a requirement for this job in compliance with current client and governmental policies. A Kelly recruiter will confirm and share more details with you during the interview process. 


Why Kelly
®
?


By partnering with Kelly® Technology, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward.



About Kelly
®


At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. 
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance. ]]
 


Our client is seeking a Full Stack Developer with ASP .NET Core and Angular experience for a permanent role opportunity!  TITLE: Full Stack Developer TERM: Permanent / FTE LOCATION: Remote – Prefer EST/CTR Timezones  Become a key partner in expanding, architecting and developing a new platform focused on employee experience for organizations across a diverse set of industries and locations.

Continuously deliver valuable software and technology solutions that increase our value and impact on the world
Architect, design and develop composable modern applications and platforms
Provide thought leadership in technology direction and architecture
Evolve DevOps infrastructure to increase business agility
Lead by example and inspire trust
Continuously grow and increase knowledge and capabilities of yourself and your teammates

You’ll need to bring thought leadership and deep knowledge of technology and software engineering, with proven experience for these capabilities:
Architecture:

SaaS
Micro Services
RESTful APIs
Progressive Web Apps
SPA
OOD / SOLID Principles
Automated Testing (Unit, integration, end-to-end, etc.)
Authentication and identity stacks (OIDC, SAML2, etc.)
Software Security concepts (OWASP, etc.)

Development:

ASP.NET 5 (core) Web API
.NET 5 (core)
Angular
Bootstrap
SQL Server
Identity Server 4
Azure Repos / Git
Visual Studio Code
Visual Studio 2019
C#
TypeScript / JavaScript
HTML / CSS

Team Delivery:

Scrum
Kanban
Azure Boards

Understanding and experience with the following is also desirable:
DevOps:

CI / CD
Azure Pipelines
Azure Artifacts
Octopus Deploy
YAML
PowerShell
Azure Cloud
Kubernetes
Docker

Experience:

Angular: 5 years (Required)
TypeScript: 5 years (Required)
Bootstrap: 5 years (Required)
ASP.NET 5 Web API: 5 years (Required)
.NET Core: 5 years (Required)
EF Core: 5 years (Required)
SQL Server: 5 years (Required)
Git: 5 years (Required)
Scrum: 3 years (Preferred)
Kanban: 3 years (Preferred)
Agile: 3 years (Preferred)

Apply with MATRIX today! 




   Equal Employment Opportunity
   


   MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
  


   MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.
  





Lead a team of SREs following Agile methodologies
Consult and collaborate across teams
Promote automation and self-service principles across SRE and DevOps Teams
Provision and manage infrastructure
Lead development of custom software
Mentor engineers

  MPI does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or based on an individual's status in any group or class protected by applicable federal, state or local law. MPI encourages applications from minorities, women, the disabled, protected veterans and all other qualified applicants.

 You have a background as a Site Reliability Engineer, or as a Database Reliability Engineer
You are familiar with databases like Oracle, MongoD, or MySQL
You have strong Cloud knowledge, AWS preferred
You have a background in Software Development, Java or Python preferred
You have experience with people management

 The client is one of the largest media companies in the world. They encourage everyone to be their authentic self and strive to create a diverse and inclusive culture.

 Base Salary ranging from $145,000-$165,000
10% Annual Bonus
$15,000 LTI
Matching 401k
Excellent health benefits
Click Apply to have your resume considered



Essential Functions: 

Work on a platform for monitoring, logging, and orchestration of docker applications running on Kubernetes
Development and implement platform components to support containers
Present technical solutions, capabilities, considerations and features in business terms
Effectively communicate status, issues, and risks in a precise and timely manner
Lead the App Services Engineering strategic efforts; working on all 3 layers of the stack related to infrastructure, middleware, and continuous integration and delivery frameworks
Support the implementation of new programs and subprograms, as well as enhancements, modifications, and corrections to existing software
Troubleshoot and conduct root cause analysis to address routine to moderately complex reporting issues with accuracy or performance
Define and evolve DevOps best practice by working within teams and educating the other stakeholder teams. These best practices should support traceability & auditability of change
Lead cross-functional co-located teams in design, development and implementation of enterprise scalable features related to enabling higher developer productivity, environment monitoring and self-healing, and facilitate autonomous delivery teams

Basic Qualifications: 

Must be U.S. Citizen per ITAR/DoD regulatory restrictions
2 years of work experience with a bachelor’s degree 2+ years of recent hands on development and/or DevOps experience
Experience deploying to and orchestrating containers (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
Experience in configuration management tools Experience standing up, updating and managing Docker Images Work with business / IT infrastructure teams for requirements gathering, developing specifications for severs
Strong understanding of CI/CD Pipelines Experience using GIT, Artifactory, Jenkins, Docker registry, etc.
Experience with micro-services
Experience building and updating CI/CD pipelines Scripting skills e.g. Bash, Python
Experience with deploying and managing micro-services using container orchestration platforms
Experienced in building solutions for monitoring, logging, security, and scalability of applications
Experience with Active Directory, LDAP, DNS, DHCP, Firewall

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $55.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

DevOps: 2 years (Required)
Kubernetes: 2 years (Required)
Docker: 2 years (Required)
Microservices: 2 years (Required)
application scalability: 2 years (Required)
Active Directory, LDAP, DNS, DHCP, & Firewalls: 2 years (Required)
CI/CD: 2 years (Required)
Bash or Python: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 Equivalent Experience 
 

TEKsystems Global Services has a remote opportunity for a AWS DevOps Engineer. We are looking for a blend of AWS DevOps experience along with some knowledge of modern analytics (ETL/ELT). Right now, the environment is a Teradata environment and they are migrating to an AWS Cloud environment. In addition, they will be implementing Snowflake into their environment to serve as their Enterprise Data Warehouse. 
Top Skills: 

Practical experience with Cloud methodologies (IaaS, PaaS, SaaS), automation, orchestration, trends and industry-leading cloud vendor offerings
working in DevOps team/organizations with applied Agile development practices 
designing, building, and automating solutions utilizing AWS services such as IAM, Glue, Lambda, S3, Athena, SNS, SQS, DynamoDB, RDS, EMR, ECS, Route 53 and Redshift.
Experience working with cloud automation tools such as Terraform. CloudFormation is a nice to have.
Experience in building CI/CD pipeline and test automation in tools like Jenkins, GIT and/or AWS CodePipeline/CodeBuild/CodeDeploy
Ability to develop and troubleshoot with Python including Boto3 library.
Strong technical documentation skills, ability to clearly capture key information within Jira and Confluence

 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.



Ozmo
 Ozmo is seeking a talented, motivated full-stack Senior Software Engineer to join our growing team. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will be focused on leading design and development using the latest software stacks and cloud technologies to continuously deliver new features and products. You will report directly to the Vice President of Engineering and work alongside an experienced and close-knit agile team to delight our customers.
 As a growing technology company, Ozmos focus is on solving tech support at scale. We build best-in-class software products that are used around the world to improve the lives of tens of millions of people each year by making technology more accessible. Ozmonauts are motivated to continuously improve and love to learn. We pride ourselves in doing exceptional work that delivers real value by transforming the way people think about technology.
 
What you will do:

 Lead design, development and testing of complex product features and services
 Architect project structure and deployment topology to deliver robust, maintainable solutions
 Evaluate, make judicious use of and contribute back to open source technologies
 Work with key customers to understand and document technical requirements
 Implement measurable technical standards to ensure long-term success
 Serve as a mentor to team members

 
What you bring to the role:

 Seven or more years of software development experience as part of a development team
 Two or more years developing dynamic web / HTML5 applications
 Excellent knowledge of web protocols, restful communication standards, and web security
 Two or more years developing server-side solutions to support web and other client applications
 Expert with at least one language and good with several others, such as React, Ruby/Rails, Node.js and Python
 Front-end development skills within HTML/CSS/Sass/Less/JavaScript
 Knowledge of one or more cloud platform service like AWS, Google or Azure
 Experience with SQL and/or NoSQL data stores
 Good understanding of version control workflow

 
Perks of being an Ozmonaut:

 Medical, vision, dental and life insurance along with short- and long-term disability
 Paid time off (PTO) that grows the longer you're with Ozmo as well as paid holidays
 401k to save for retirement with employer matching
 Paid maternity and bonding leave for new parents
 Paid pawternity leave when you bring a new pet into your life
 One-month sabbatical after you have been with Ozmo for seven years
 Flexible, hybrid work options available to support your best work

 
This position is a fully remote. Applicants must be based in the continental US.
 Applicants must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. Ozmo does not sponsor employment visas.
 Ozmo participates in the E-verify program.
 Ozmo does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Powered by JazzHR
 PI178360505



At Jack Henry & Associates, we deliver technology solutions that are digitally transforming and empowering community banks and credit unions to provide enhanced and streamlined user experiences to their customers and members. Our best-in-class products are just the start as we lay the groundwork for the future of digital banking and payments. We hope you’ll join us. We can’t do it without you. 
Candidate needs to be highly technical. Success in this position requires the understanding of networking, routing, load balancing, hosted application design, web server, database servers, application servers, powershell, virtualization, storage, replication, etc. Oversees the environment and product design requirements, planning, and deployment into JHA private hosted datacenter space. Security and stability focused leveraging available options from an ever-changing technology landscape. Coordinate with BU’s to plan integration, environment improvements or changes, new processes or improvements, support structure changes. Interface with other engineering teams to identify opportunities for improvement to existing design or support model based on changes to infrastructure; new tools, technology, or changes/improved processes.

 This position will be filled to work Remotely within the U.S.

 What you’ll be responsible for: 


Responsible for the design, deployment and early-life support of UCE and Azure based services.
 Responsible for documentation of solutions to meet design, operational, and audit requirements.
 Responsible for process alignment between product, development, and operations teams.
 Meets with Business units to gather requirements for traditional services. Documents requirements, communicates requirements to Tech Ops, creates environment to those requirements.
 Creates environment diagrams and all documentation for new services. Provides Architectural/Design considerations to Business Units related to security and best practices for deploying a multi -tenant service.
 Assists Business units with install and configuration of service, then Operates services through Beta, performs initial disaster recovery test. Works with Business units to develop Monitoring and Change control processes.
 Works with business units to design, deploy, and support the applications and systems used by internal (Education, Ovation, Banking Ops Implementation, ECS, Gladiator, and Symitar) business units.
 May perform other job duties as assigned.


 What you’ll need to have:

 5 years of server administration experience.
 3 years of PowerShell experience.
 Ability to travel up to 5% to attend JHA meetings, trainings, and/or professional conferences.


 What would be nice for you to have:

 Strong networking aptitude.
 Azure experience.
 Proficient knowledge of IT infrastructure concepts and principles.
 Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
 Strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills.
 Microsoft IIS Administration.
 SSL Certificate Management.
 SQL experience.
 Project management skills.
 Extensive Power Shell and scripting skills.
 Able to perform in a fast-paced, high pressure environment.
 Ability to handle multiple projects and/or tasks.
 Strong ITIL knowledge and/or certification(s).
 Experience with Web Site Performance Tuning, Monitoring and Vulnerability Management.


 If you got this far, we hope you're feeling excited about this opportunity. Even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement on this posting, we still encourage you to apply. We're eager to meet motivated people who align with Jack Henry’s mission and can contribute to our company in a variety of ways. 
Why Jack Henry?
 At Jack Henry, we pride ourselves through our motto of, "Do the right thing, do whatever it takes, and have fun." We recognize the value of our associates and believe much of our company’s strength and success depends on their well-being. We demonstrate our commitment by offering outstanding benefit programs to ensure the physical, mental & financial wellbeing of our people is always met. 
Culture of Commitment 
Ask our associates why they love Jack Henry, and many will tell you it is because our culture is exceptional. We do great things together. Rising to meet challenges and seeking opportunities is part of who we are as an organization. Our culture has helped us stay strong through challenging times and we credit our dedicated associates for our success. Visit our Corporate Responsibility site to learn more about our culture and commitment to our people, customers, community, environment, and shareholders. 
Equal Employment Opportunity
 At Jack Henry, we know we are better together. We value, respect, and protect the uniqueness each of us brings. Innovation flourishes by including all voices and makes our business—and our society—stronger. Jack Henry is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, performance management, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, education, training, social, and recreational activities to all persons regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, genetic information, pregnancy, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, and military and veteran status, or any other protected status protected by local, state or federal law.
 No one will be subject to, and Jack Henry prohibits, any form of discipline, reprisal, intimidation, or retaliation for good faith reports or complaints of incidents of discrimination of any kind, pursuing any discrimination claim, or cooperating in related investigations.
 Requests for full corporate job description may be requested through the interview process at any time. MAYINDR3
 

Overview: Mutual of Enumclaw was founded in 1898 by local farmers who wanted to look out for each other. That spirit continues to define our company culture. Our employees are proud of our thoughtful approach to insurance, and it shows. In November 2021, for the tenth year in a row, we were recognized as one of Washington’s 100 Best Companies to Work For by Seattle Business magazine (based on a survey of our employees).
_Mutual of Enumclaw works exclusively with local independent agents to offer insurance products for individuals, families, farms, and businesses. We currently operate in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Utah, Arizona, Montana and Wyoming._
*We’re looking for a talented senior level software engineer, with experience in a variety of programming languages and a passion for cloud technologies to join our team. The successful candidate will work closely with the team, practice excellent teamwork with peers, learn quickly, and collaborate well in an Agile setting. This role will focus on building features in our Agent and Member customer facing Portals as well as our Agent quoting platforms and will require expert skills in architecting, building, and implementing changes that fit an ecosystem that drives positive business decisions.*
*This position will be remote and/or located at our Home Office in Enumclaw, WA.*
_Benefits include but are not limited to medical, dental, vision, cash balance and 401(k) plans with company match; life insurance; employee discount on personal insurance; wellness reimbursement program; paid parental leave and an annual bonus plan._
Responsibilities: Ensure the success of the team by fulfilling these duties: 

Contribute in a way that exemplifies the core beliefs and behaviors of our technology team:
We believe that success and growth depend on our ability to be Agile and execute quickly and efficiently.
We believe in a “fail-fast” culture that fosters innovation and experimentation.
We believe in a data-driven, “go see” approach to knowing our members, agents, and internal partners.
We believe in differentiating ourselves by aggressively pursuing technology that gives us a competitive advantage, and working with partners that share that belief.
We believe in cross-department teams that are bound together by the needs they serve rather than the department to which they belong.
We believe in personal ownership, accountability, and growth.
Architect new systems using cloud technologies.
Bring positive innovative ideas that lead to innovative solutions rather than a lift-and-shift mentality.
Provide training and mentorship to other team members.
Ability to effectively share engineering best practices and stay abreast of changes with cloud technologies.
Employ effective deployment strategies that minimize downtime with a focus on an agile continuous development flow.
Understand the strategic goals of the team and company and work with the Product Owner and business partners to ensure success.
Strive for high quality and rapid output through the use of best practices and collaborative sessions (code reviews, white boarding, etc.).

Qualifications:

10+ years of experience in software systems, programming, database, and infrastructure development and administration.
Minimum 5 years demonstrated experience with full stack development.
Extensive experience and fluency with a variety of programming languages including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, JavaScript.
Demonstrated experience with AWS cloud programming languages like TypeScript, Node JS, Angular 11 and higher.
Working knowledge of AWS Serverless architecture.
Working knowledge of AWS Lambda, SNS/SQS, S3, IAM, CloudWatch, EC2, RDS and DynamoDB, AWS CLI.
Experience with security frameworks including but not limited to: Auth0, OpenID, Amazon Cognito.
Fluency with CI/CD toolsets.
Working knowledge of distributed architectural design patterns.

Location: 1460 Wells St., Enumclaw, WA 98022
Job Type: Full-time
Work Location: Remote
Technical Staff Software Engineer-AI/Data Science (Remote-United States)
Be a part of a team that’s ensuring Dell Technologies' product integrity and customer satisfaction. Our IT Software Engineer team turns business requirements into technology solutions by designing, coding and testing/debugging applications, as well as documenting procedures for use and constantly seeking quality improvements.
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as a Technical Staff Software Engineer on our AI products team within our Dell Digital organization.
What you’ll achieve
As a Technical Staff Software Engineer, you will build and enhance high traffic next-generation applications. This group works at the cutting edge to design and develop AI-driven software for platforms, peripherals, applications and diagnostics all with the most advanced technologies, tools and software engineering methodologies.
You will:
Work with solution architects to review proposed solutions, assess feasibility and create detailed Technology Reference Architecture and detail Reference Architecture to Sprint's/POD's
Plan and design the structure of a technology solution for proposals
Evaluate and select appropriate software or hardware and suggest integration methods
Provide technical SME support in reviewing large transformational and complex technical solutions/data models in terms of compliance to requirements, efficiency of solution or implementation
Collaborate with the technology community to bring best practices on various technologies and tolls
Lead and mentor the development teams on newer technology stacks, DevSecOps best practices and perform code reviews
Implement Technology and Architecture Governance with the development teams to ensure architecture and quality standards alignment and coding best practices
Perform proof of concepts demonstrating the gains in cost reduction, productivity improvements and turnaround time
Take the first step towards your dream career
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role:
Essential Requirements
15+ years industry experience or equivalent skill; must include experience working on application architecture, design, development and delivery
Proficiency in Machine Learning to include state-of-art knowledge across Deep learning, NLP, Classification, Regression etc. on large datasets
Extensive experience in ML model deployment and API building
Strong technical skills with: Angular, C#, .NET Core, .NET Framework; Data-SQL Server, ElasticSearch/MongoDB, Teradata; Platforms/Services-ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web, Web API, Web Services, Entity Framework, Microservices, REST; Messaging/Streaming-Kafka, RabiitMQ, Redis Streams; Cloud-AWS, Azure, PCF, Docker, Kubernates
Graduate degree in Computer Science or related field
Experience building cloud native applications
Here’s our story; now tell us yours
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress.
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more.
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today.
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here.
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Employment Opportunity Policy here.
"LIPriority"
#LI-RemoteCombine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)
The Mobile team offers seamless navigation and guidance across Rally products, helping members connect with the services they need to improve and maintain their health while making the best decisions in a complicated space. Our platform enables employers to engage and support their employees' with targeted content, benefits, and programs. We recognize that people come from diverse backgrounds and skills and welcome all to apply.
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Build native mobile applications using the latest libraries (JetPack) and integrate with 3rd party libraries and devices
Work on unit testing and automation
Build an end-to-end experience that is performant and scales to millions of users
Improve and simplify user experience
Empower active users to improve wellness and find care through devices they use every day
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of Android development with validated proficiency of the platform
Experience using Kotlin and/or Java
Willingness to learn Kotlin
Experience with Server integration through APIs
Experience with automated testing at the unit and application level
Released at least one app on the Google Play Store
Experience with version control
Preferred Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science or related field
Experience with Kotlin
Experience with JetPack, RxJava, Retrofit
Experience with GraphQL
Experience with WebSockets
Experience with React Native
UnitedHealth Group requires all new hires and employees to report their COVID-19 vaccination status.
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Colorado Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $79,700 to $142,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.
Job Keywords: #DICE, Senior Android Developer, Android Developer, Developer, Kotlin, Android Engineer, Telecommute, Telecommuter, Telecommuting, Remote, Work from homeImagine a world where you could detect health issues sooner to treat them more effectively. Where food and water are always safe, even in remote corners of the earth. And where scientific and medical research are enhanced to solve the greatest challenges of our times. At PerkinElmer, we imagine this world every day. Then, we innovate and collaborate to make it happen everywhere.

Our dedicated team of about 16,000 employees worldwide, pioneers scientific technologies for better detection, imaging, and informatics to help our customers work to create healthier families, improve the quality of life, and sustain the well-being and longevity of people globally.
If you are seeking a meaningful, impactful, and stimulating career, look no further.

PerkinElmer is a manufacturer of scientific instruments, reagents, and software to drive innovations in human and environmental health around the world. We are looking for a talented Senior Back End Development Engineer (Java/Scala) to join our Informatics team, building a product we call the Signals Data Factory. The Signals Data Factory is a product which specializes in taking in many different forms of scientific data, transforming it (using Apache Spark), and making it searchable (using Elasticsearch) and analyzable via a variety of interfaces. Its current use spans from early in the drug-discovery process to analyzing active clinical trial data. If you are looking to join a team of talented engineers and to contribute to delivering amazing, high impact, customer-focused features, this is a great opportunity.

You Will:
Create secure, performant interfaces and services

Work on a medium to large data transformation engine

Work with AWS services and cloud technologies

Collaborate with fellow team members on priorities, specifications, and feature implementation

Craft well-documented, reusable, and testable code.

Work on a system capable of processing petabytes of data

Build and maintain new, high impact functionality into the Signals Data Factory

Basic Qualifications:
5+ years development experience

Experience with Java and Scala

Experience with building APIs in Node.js and Spring Framework

Experience with cloud-hosting at one of the top-3 providers

Strongly driven – ability to clarify requirements and deliver code in a highly distributed and fast-moving environment

Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree is preferred

Some experience with Spark and/or Elasticsearch - most desired

Kafka experience is desired

Some experience with job scheduling workflows

A good understanding of git workflows

Kubernetes, Rancher & Docker

Mocha/Sinon
​
#LI-TE
eNGINE builds Technical Teams. We are a Solutions and Placement firm shaped by decades of interaction with Technical professionals. Our inspiration is continuous learning and engagement with the markets we serve, the talent we represent, and the teams we build. Our Consulting Workforce is encouraged to enjoy career fulfillment in the form of challenging projects, schedule flexibility, and paid training/certifications. Successful outcomes start and finish with eNGINE.
eNGINE is seeking a 100% remote Ruby on Rails Developer for our Pittsburgh hiring services industry client.
In this role you'll work within an agile framework to help build web-based applications, features, & enhancements.
What we need from you: 

4+ years of experience with Ruby on Rails in an enterprise environment
Experience with the following: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, MongoDB, & AWS.
Intellectual curiosity - a desire to learn & work with new technologies & passion for building software a better way.

For finer details, please apply today!
No C2C please.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Ruby on Rails: 3 years (Required)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented iOS Mobile Engineer-Senior Level for our San Antonio, TX, Plano, TX, Phoenix, AZ or Remote locations.

Job Description Summary
The candidate selected for this position is going to lead the Enterprise Conversational Platform native mobile team in development and support of the EVA application, which is USAA’s chat bot, and a new personalized search application. They work with native iOS technologies using Swift UI, the Combine framework, and the MVVM design pattern.

Senior level Software Engineers provide support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Primary Responsibilities:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test complex technical solutions across many technologies to tie together existing systems and tools.
Lead code/design reviews with team to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning.
Develop complex algorithms to solve business needs
Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues by directing troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions.
Mentors’ engineers, coach engineers on design, development, and maintenance of systems; Review teammates’ code
Influence architecture, quality standards and understand, identify, measure across entire solution
Identify system performance issues and optimize solution

Minimum Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree (10 years of experience in lieu of a degree)
6 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within Java
4 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.
Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL
Demonstrated experience researching technical issues and generating creative/innovative solutions.
Demonstrated experience addressing production issues by troubleshooting applications and systems.
Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions
Demonstrate strong knowledge of security coding practices and secure system fundamentals

Preferred experience:
Experience in the Swift programming language or experience in Objective C
Experience leading a development team
Familiarity with Object Oriented Programming principles
Familiarity with source code control systems such as Git or SVN
Familiarity with mobile development on iOS

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $106,800 - $192,300
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.
Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.
Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.
USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.
Do you like writing mean and clean Ruby code? Come join our team and help us build amazing things. We’re looking for someone with a passion for programming and for writing beautiful code. You will join a team of exceptional developers working in a fast-paced environment to deliver world-class software.
Responsibilities

Develop scalable, robust, and simple web-based solutions to solve complex business problems.
Formulate, implement, and evaluate algorithms and database queries to support SaaS scalability and stability.
Implement new features and optimize existing ones to drive maximum performance.
Use test-driven development, code reviews, and continuous integration to deliver high-quality software, and rapidly fix bugs as they come up.
Work closely with, and incorporate feedback from other engineering team members, QA, and product owners
Leverage agile practices in start-up mode, encourage collaboration, prioritization, and urgency to develop at a rapid paceResearch, share and recommend new technologies and trends

Skills

Bachelors, Masters, or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related technical discipline
Extensive hands-on work experience developing web-based applications, preferably in a SaaS environment
Proven experience working across all levels of the development stack
Mastery experience with some areas of our tech like Ruby on Rails, React, AWS, SOA
Strong familiarity with Agile software development processes: Scrum or Kanban
Strong familiarity with Test-Driven-Development
Creativity, ability to solve complex problems without a roadmap
You love learning about new technologies, but understand the value of continuing to use something old if it still does everything you need it to do
You care about the long-term maintainability of the codebase and will learn to advocate for refactoring and clean-ups where appropriate
You care about work-life balance and want your company to care about it too; you'll put in the extra hour when needed but won't let it become a habit

About Seneca Resources: 
Seneca Resources is a client driven provider of strategic Information Technology consulting services and Workforce Solutions to government and industry. Seneca Resources is a leading IT services provider with offices in Virginia, Alabama, Georgia, Florida and Texas that service clients throughout the United States.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and value the benefits of diversity in our workplace.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $180,000.00 - $200,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Ruby on Rails: 5 years (Required)
React: 5 years (Required)
Python: 3 years (Required)
AWS: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

As aFull Stack Developer, you join a dynamic team supporting a highly visible federal contracts and company initiatives. The right candidate will have hands on experience designing and developing human centered design-based user interfaces, using modern technologies within an Agile environment. We are looking for candidates with a passion for usability and design, creating tools and interfaces that provide value to the user in the most intuitive ways. Experience developing proof of concept, demonstrations of technology, and technical challenges is highly desired.
The Program Mission…
This program will support a major Federal Agency’s mission to provide development and operational support of new and existing legacy mission-enabling applications. The team will work to modernize current applications by breaking them down into loosely coupled micro-services and leveraging a continuous integration / continuous delivery pipeline to enable an agile DevOps Strategy.
Requirements...

Object oriented analysis and design using common design patterns.
Must have experience with Java and Angular. Nodejs, Linux, and Python preferred.
Software Development background using any combination of Python, PHP, JavaScript, jQuery, Angular etc.
Experience with web development using (VS Code, Sublime Text, Atom, etc).
Knowledge of Relational Databases, SQL (Sybase, PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle) and database performance tuning and optimization.
Consume and create from scratch RESTful services.
Convert annotated visual designs to fully functional web pages with associated assets (HTML, CSS, images, JavaScript, etc.).
Support production application - investigate and resolve production inquiries and issues.
Employ common application processes, coding standards, and performance standards.
Be a major player in all phases of the development lifecycle from user experience, design, architecture, development, testing, documentation, compliance, delivery, and maintenance.
Ensure reusability, consistency, and well tested user interface code.
Work on sprint teams using agile, rapid development in environment using Continuous Integration and deployment techniques.
Knowledge in data encryption and secure communications.
Works independently and efficiently in high-paced environment.
Excellent communication and writing skills

Desired Skills...

Jenkins, Artifactory, Splunk, and CI/CD pipelines, Elasticsearch, ELK support, Docker and Kubernetes experience.
Experience with Angular, React, C/C++, jQuery, Django, J2EE, Spring, Struts and SOLR.
Experience with open source back end technologies Node.js and NoSQL Database.
Experience with SSO, MFA and related technologies.
Ability to engineer scalable, maintainable, and secure enterprise level solutions with code standards and best practices.
Knowledge in data encryption and secure communications.
Experience in developing solutions that comply with various standards and security models.
Experience in cloud solutioning using various vendors and technologies.
Strong team collaboration and communications skills.
Agile development methodology experience (SAFe, LESS, Extreme, etc.).
Strong analytic, organization, presentation, customer service and facilitation skills.
Experience in implementing UI with 508 Accessibility standards.
Contribute and maintain pattern libraries for user interface components.
Support production application - investigate and resolve production inquiries and issues.

Years of Experience: 3-5+ years of related work experience in understanding and applying customer/user centered design concepts.
Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science/Engineering or related field.
Location: Remote
Clearance: Ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Clearance (US citizenship or Green Card Holder)
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90.00 - $120.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations

General Summary: This role participates in design, implementation, and integration of software or independently performs complex software development tasks related to records management. All candidates must be a US Citizen or have a Green Card. W2 only, no C2C.
Essential Job Functions:

Formulates /defines specifications for complex operating software programming applications or modifies/maintains complex existing applications using engineering releases and utilities from the manufacturer.
Designs, codes, tests, debugs, and documents those programs.
Provides overall operating system, such as sophisticated file maintenance routines, large telecommunications networks, various middleware, and software programs and applications.
Assists all phases of software systems programming applications.
Evaluates new and existing software products.
Other related duties as assigned.

Education Requirement: Bachelors degree in computer science or related field.
Experience Requirement: Minimum five (5) years of experience diagnosing/debugging faults in complex online services-based architectures using Java.
Other Requirement(s): This position requires U.S. Citizenship or a Green Card holder and the ability to obtain and maintain a Government public trust level security clearance. For a candidate that is a Green Card holder, they must have lived in the United States for at least three out of the past five years prior to your application date. You will also meet the residency qualifications if you lived abroad while on government or military duty or if you were a dependent of a federal employee of military member.
Performance Requirements:

Demonstrated experience diagnosing/debugging faults in complex services or distributed systems
Experience with Java and JavaScript in a Micro-services or web-services based environment
Able to diagnose and mitigate faults
Able to identify and drive recovery levers with feature teams
Able to communicate effectively through written and oral English
Ability to perform work under continuous deadline pressure
Ability to identify and script automatable problems, perform work with efficiency in mind
Ability to develop function and test specifications for software development.
Proficient knowledge of scripting languages (Perl, Python, Javascript) for development of automated testing.
Experience working with AWS cloud-based services and tools.
Interpersonal skills necessary to work effectively with customers and multi-cultural teams
Ability to independently manage multiple projects and deadlines.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment.
Ability to communicate (verbally and written) in a clear, concise manner.

Equipment Operated: Computer hardware and software as well as standard office equipment including computers, fax machines, copiers, printers, telephones, etc.
Work Environment: Work performed in an office or call center environment. Involves frequent contact with staff and customers.
Mental/Physical Requirements: Manual dexterity for office machine operation; stooping, bending to handle equipment and supplies, mobility to complete site visits or deliveries. Must be able to lift up to 25 lbs. Must be able to remain in stationary position for extended periods of time. Specific vision abilities required for the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Stress can be triggered by multiple demands and deadlines.
DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, skills, efforts, requirements, or working conditions. Management reserves the right to revise the job or to require that other or different tasks be performed as assigned in accordance with business demands and/or contractual requirements.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Diagnosing/debugging: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   If you’re passionate about building a better future for individuals, communities, and our country—and you’re committed to working hard to play your part in building that future—consider WGU as the next step in your career.
  


    Driven by a mission to expand access to higher education through online, competency-based degree programs, WGU is also committed to being a great place to work for a diverse workforce of student-focused professionals. The university has pioneered a new way to learn in the 21st century, one that has received praise from academic, industry, government, and media leaders. Whatever your role, working for WGU gives you a part to play in helping students graduate, creating a better tomorrow for themselves and their families.
  

 We are looking for a creative, brilliant, passionate, enthusiastic, and experienced Android Engineer to join the WGU DigitalX team who can design and deliver mobile applications with a sharp customer focus. The Android Engineer will be part of a highly talented next-generation platform team to build cutting-edge mobile experiences for our students and staff.
   
 The Android Engineer is responsible for the research, design, development, analysis, testing, and implementation of software and application systems. They communicate project information to multiple partners and stakeholders. They write comprehensive handoff documentation. They support team members and ensure established goals and deadlines are met.
   
 What You'll Do…
  


 Roughly 85-95% hands-on coding
 Contribute to early quality activities, including peer reviews of estimates, designs and code
 Resolve defects/bugs during QA testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches
 Partner effectively with all team members to deliver against commitments
 Work cross-functionally with various teams: product management, and various business units to drive forward results
 Commitment to team success and positive team dynamics
 Passion for growing and applying technical skills in service to customers
 Result oriented mindset with an affinity to produce high-quality code
 Have a customer-focused mindset


 What You'll Need…
  


 Strong Experience with Kotlin ( preferred ) and/or Java and Android SDK
 Experience optimizing mobile location services in Android
 Experience working on social apps with social media API integrations
 Experience with Espresso and Unit Testing
 Experience working with RESTful APIs
 Experience with agile workflow and Git based repositories
 Experience with Agile Development, SCRUM, and/or Extreme Programming methodologies


 Note : Minimum 4+ years of exp in all above.
   
 Why join WGU?
  


 You will be part of a growing, diverse, inclusive workforce, committed to creating pathways to a better life for our students by expanding access to education for everyone


 #LI-REMOTE
  

 As an equal opportunity employer, WGU recognizes that our strength lies in our people. We are committed to diversity.
  

WellSky is seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join our team in building our next generation of healthcare solutions. We are on a mission to elevate healthcare through superior analytics, processes, and engineering. Be a part of transforming the healthcare industry! Our users are on the front lines of healthcare, WellSky engineers touch the lives of real people navigating life and death issues with the support of our solutions. We seek to build purpose-driven teams where comradery and compassion are coupled with a dogged pursuit of excellence. Bring passion, creativity and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.


Key Activities:

Performs all commercial software development duties, including but not limited to technical design, coding, and unit testing so that high quality commercial software releases are delivered to customers in a predictable and consistent schedule according to WellSky development processes
Collaborates with solutions team(s) to define requirements, conduct analysis, and solve problems on a single product/service
Prepares technical documentation, conducts, and participates in code reviews to ensure that commercial software code meets internal standards and follows industry best practices and the highest quality
Offers technical direction and guidance to other product development team members and assist in managing development environments as well as installing and configuring commercial products


Required Competencies:

Adaptability
Leveraging technology
Attention to detail
Continuous Improvement
Knowledge Sharing
Problem Solving / Analytical


Required Qualifications:

A minimum of 5 years of related experience with a Bachelor's degree; or 3 years of experience and a Master's degree; or a PhD without experience; or equivalent work experience.
ASP.net Webforms
Microsoft SQL Server (stored procedures and queries)
Angular
HTML and CSS
Object oriented programming


Preferred Qualifications:

Familiarity with clinical software systems
2+ years API Development experience
2+ years .net core experience
Unit testing experience
Agile/Scrum experience
CI/CD experience


Additional Job Requirements:

Displays ability to effectively plan, organize and implement applicable tasks or projects in relation to established goals and objectives.
Knowledge of and ability to create, implement, evaluate, and enhance internal control processes.
Manage compliancy with WellSky HIPAA Privacy and Security Practices and all required regulatory processes.
Technical aptitude to work with standard HIPAA EDI files format.
Proficient Microsoft Office skills in Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer (laptop)
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations US locations (Overland Park, Austin, other office locations, or remote)

About WellSky

WellSky is a technology company leading the movement for intelligent, coordinated care worldwide. Our next-generation software, analytics, and services power better outcomes and lower costs for stakeholders across the health and community care continuum. In today's value-based care environment, WellSky helps providers, payers, health systems, and community organizations solve tough challenges, improve collaboration for growth, harness the power of data analytics, and achieve better outcomes by further connecting clinical and social care. WellSky serves more than 20,000 client sites around the world — including the largest hospital systems, blood banks, cell therapy labs, blood centers, home health and hospice franchises, post-acute providers, government agencies, and human services organizations. Informed by more than 40 years of providing software and expertise, WellSky anticipates clients' needs and innovates relentlessly to ultimately help more people thrive.

We're looking for talented individuals who want to use their skills to build a strong, technology-driven company. We offer competitive salaries, great benefits, including generous paid time off programming, and a casual and fun environment that encourages quality, creativity, and excellence. Enjoy all we have to offer. We invite you to join us. Apply today!

WellSky provides equal employment opportunities to all people without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law. WellSky is proud to be a drug-free workplace.

Applicants for U.S.-based positions with WellSky must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. All U.S.-based employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless a medical or religious exemption is approved.

  REMOTE Senior/Lead .Net Core Engineer 
  
   Founded in 2015 and built-out by a Seasoned MIT Engineer alongside an industry veteran, we are modernizing the insurance underwriting process through the use of AI!
   
 We have built the Next Generation Underwriting and Distribution Management Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Platform that powers our suite of insurance optimized data solutions to help insurance companies manage, utilize & expand their data to improve underwriting accuracy and manage risk. But that's not all, we are also building a company of developers, nsurance experts, data scientist's and machine learning/AI engineers,where collegiality and respect are at the core and drives us to success!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

We're switching tracks from what was to be a React PWA and immediately conducting a re-write to Blazor. You will work hand-in-hand to put us on a new stable foundation for the future. We are seeking a Senior/Lead Level resource who comes with extensive hands on experience delivering .Net Core/Blazor applications
Develop solutions, components & features including unit tests & integration testing
Debugging & troubleshooting application bugs,or system issues

 What You Need for this Position

.NET Core
.NET
Bootstrap
Rest

 What's In It for You

Flexible PTO schedule, Holidays, Sick Days, etc
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, etc
Tuition reimbursement
etc


    So, if you are a REMOTE Senior/Lead .Net Core Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
At Volta, we're on a mission to accelerate the adoption of the electric vehicle. Volta's award-winning charging stations benefit brands, consumers, and real-estate locations by providing valuable advertising space to businesses and convenient charging to drivers. Strategically located in places consumers already visit, Volta's chargers are currently the most used electric vehicle charging stations in the United States.

The Cloud Team

Volta is looking for an Engineering Manager, who excels at innovation, mentorship and developing a vision, to evolve the architecture and development of our cloud platform such that it meets the go-forward needs of the business from feature, performance and scalability perspectives. The ideal candidate will have strong technical chops, is hands-on, have a diverse playbook is well-versed in industry trends, and is savvy with pros and cons of various approaches.

Volta's Engineering Manager, Cloud will be a part of building out the cloud team and establishing processes. You will energize and motivate the team, and remove any major roadblocks that prevent success. You'll also contribute to their career path by being a mentor and helping each of your team members develop a roadmap for growth. You will partner with the executive team, product, mobile, station, data science design, field service, and other important stakeholders to craft a compelling roadmap. You will guide technical discussions and guide the team towards making critical technology choices, and help the team prioritize building the right solutions and executing quickly and effectively.

Responsibilities

Onboarding and familiarize yourself with team deliverables
You will help build out the engineering vision and roadmap for 2022
Review current architecture SWOT
Establish go-forward architecture and tech stack strategy
Observe and identify team gaps based on what Volta is trying to accomplish
You will partner with Talent Acquisition to help build out the Mobile team.

Qualifications

Experience building mobile applications (iOS and/or Android)
Experience with a variety of iOS and/or Android frameworks and a proven ability to assess tradeoffs
Experience designing well-architected mobile apps from the ground up.
Expert understanding of app data, debugging and monitoring tools, multithreading, networking, and push notifications.
Experience with Apple Carplay and/or Android Auto
Experience with mobile to hardware interactions using NFC/Bluetooth
Strong ability to assess and understand how merchants use our app and design hypotheses & experiments to optimize usability and user experience.

#LI-EG1

  Remote- JavaScript Manager- JavaScript, Node, AWS 
  
   If you are a Remote- JavaScript Manager- JavaScript, Node, AWS with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    We are looking to hire on a JavaScript Manager to join our team. The ideal candidate will have an extensive background in JavaScript, with strong knowledge of Node.js, TypeScript (preferred), and AWS. This is a fully remote position with an established company within security. 
   
 Qualifications:
   

JavaScript experience 5+ years
Node.js experience 5+ years
Typescript experience (preferred)
AWS experience 5+ years
Leadership experience; whether that's as a Lead Software Engineer or Software Engineering Manager


 What You Need for this Position

JavaScript
Software Engineering Manager
Software Development Manager
Senior Software Engineering Manager
Sr. Software Engineering Manager
NODE
Node.js
AWS
Amazon Web Services
TypeScript

 What's In It for You

    Salary: up to $170K base
   

Medical insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
401(k) with match
Vacation/ PTO


 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Remote- JavaScript Manager- JavaScript, Node, AWS with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Anya Glover
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Description




 Citizens Bank is currently seeking a Senior Site Reliability Engineer responsible for helping us effectively scale and keep our platforms running smoothly through utilization of SRE best practices.




 As a member of our SRE team you will work to positively affect system reliability, developer productivity and reducing time to market by striving to reduce toil and technical debt of the services the SRE team supports.



 As a Systems Reliability Engineer working on critical services, your mission will be to ensure our services are fast, highly available, scalable and able to withstand increases in load.



 The systems reliability engineering team will be at the heat of problem-solving production problems proactively while increasing the rate of successful changes. Your scope is from the kernel to the application.



 Primary responsibilities include:





 Engaging, influencing and evangelizing SRE best practices within the Cloud team as well as the development, operations and product groups to align technology services/solution delivery.



 Driving quality accountability within the organization with well-defined processes, metrics and goals for process quality. This includes leading effective postmortems and ensuring actions are followed-up.



 Managing availability, latency, scalability and effectiveness of Citizens applications development by instilling engineering reliability into our development life cycle with a focus on fault tolerant approaches



 Creating self-provisioning infrastructure using tools like Terraform, Ansible and Docker



 Driving capacity planning, performance analysis, instrumentation and other nonfunctional systems requirements.



 Defining key metrics and SLAs around new web service being crated to support rapid growth and migration



 Implementing metric driven processes to ensure service quality target are met.



 Working knowledge of Azure Cloud is needed, Cloud Certification is a definite plus





 Qualifications




 Required Skills/Experience:
      
 3 or more years of experience running and migrating large scale application stacks in the Cloud
      
 3 or more years of experience in the following areas (performance engineering, capacity engineering, availability engineering)
      
 3 or more years of Terraform, Ansible or other automation experience Knowledge in all aspects of designing, developing and managing large real-time systems
      
 Prior successful experience as systems performance or site/systems reliability engineer
      
 In-depth working knowledge of Linux/Unix
      
 Detailed knowledge of modern software development lifecycles including CI/CD principles.
      
 Experience with Kubernetes, containers, AWS, Azure
      
 Knowledge of PHP, Python, Go or other programming languages and technologies
      
 Deep understanding of internet and networking protocols
      
 Education, Certifications and/or Other Professional Credentials:
      
 Degree in computer science or related technical field
      
 Hours and Work Schedule
      
 Hours per Week: 40
      
 Work Schedule: Monday through Friday
     

 This role is not available in CO.


 #LI-Sourcer #1
     
 #LI-Remote
    
 





Why Work for Us
 At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.
  
 Equal Employment Opportunity
 Citizens, its parent, subsidiaries, and related companies provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, citizenship, physical or mental disability or perceived disability, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, genetic characteristic, marital or domestic partner status, victim of domestic violence, family status/parenthood, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, pregnancy/childbirth/lactation, colleague’s or a dependent’s reproductive health decision making, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.
   Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
  
 Citizens is a brand name of Citizens Bank, N.A. and each of its respective affiliates.


Mavensoft is seeking an experiencedSoftware Engineer - Blackline, DevOps to be part of our Client’s Financial Reconciliation Team.Job Title: Software Engineer- Blackline, DevOpsJob Location: 100% RemoteDuration: 1- year
NOTE* Client is accepting only W2 Contractors. No 3rd parties please.
Key Skills: Blackline (Modules including: Account Reconciliation, Journals, Reporting and Open Item Management), Automated Job Scheduling, Import Definition, Match Set, Account Setup, Scrum, DevOps, Microservices, AWS and ERP SystemsP*roject Description: *The primary role on the team is to help deliver the next generation of commerce platform technology while working to elevate engineering practices and team capability. This technical role will also help improve the technical aptitude of the team through pairing, code reviews, innovation time and design discussions.
Job Duties: As a TEAM we regularly interact with Finance and Technology partners globally. It is our responsibility to partner with program, product, and engineering peers to ensure we are aligning appropriate technology outcomes with prioritized leadership initiatives. Resource will regularly engage with the engineers on our collaborative DevOps squads to plan and deliver outcomes where financial service, security, reliability, and performance globally at scale are expected. Along the way, you will also collaborate with other peers to ensure TEAM health is high, and that we are building trust and diversity in the Client Global Technology Organization.
Responsibilities: As a Financial Reconciliation Team Configuration Engineer, the primary role on the team will be to collaborate and deliver technical outcomes and support utilizing expert knowledge of the Blackline SaaS product modules as well as contemporary microservice architecture and design on our Financial Reconciliation Team. Resource will help design, build, test, deploy and maintain our technology. You will also help ensure we are delivering sustainable technology by being hands-on: doing peer reviews and providing technical direction. You will actively participate with engineering resources to support product outcomes.
Qualifications: 

2+ years Demonstrated experience implementing Blackline SaaS product modules within a SCRUM Team environment
2+ years’ Experience with Scrum and DevOps
Expert Familiarity utilizing Blackline Automated Job Scheduling as well as an understanding of common challenges and troubleshooting techniques.
Expert experience with: Blackline Import Definition creation using API and STFP endpoints
Expert Match Set in creation and optimization of match sets
Expert account setup and maintenance skills
Comprehensive understanding of Blackline Organizational Structure maintenance
Demonstrated experience with Blackline modules spanning Account Reconciliation, Journals, Reporting and Open Item Management
Able to confidently create In-Transit Definitions
Experience defining support programs, supporting and/ or maintaining complex financial integration environments using ServiceNow.
Effective Blackline production triage and support experience
Public cloud infrastructure experience (AWS preferred): AWS EC2, S3, SQS, Dynamo DB, and SNS.
Finance and/ or retail experience with high-volume transactional systems combining contemporary microservice architecture with ERP systems

Skills Required: 

The candidate needs to have experience and an understanding of contemporary development, testing, and observability techniques and tools in a DevOps environment, with demonstrated configuration experience using the Blackline SaaS product.
A learning mindset, excellent analytical skills, and strong written and verbal communication are essential.
A healthy TEAM culture is important to us.
We are excited about people who value diversity and encourage all voices to be heard

To learn more about Mavensoft visit us online at http://www.mavensoft.com/
Please apply Online.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95.00 - $105.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Multiple Locations




What we do and why we do it


     As the leading marketplace for single-family rental homes, our mission is to make real estate investing radically accessible, cost effective, and simple. We successfully merge our passion for helping investors build wealth through real estate with cutting edge technology that transforms the way they do it.
   



 How it’s going (and growing)


     With a talented team of 500+ Roofsters, our collaborative and can-do culture is what fuels our growth. We recently closed on our series E, raising nearly $400 million, and have offices in California, Texas, and New York as well as many remote opportunities. Our growth includes recent acquisitions of Great Jones (full-service property management) and Stessa (financial management software) to empower customers with a seamless way to acquire, manage, and track their investment properties on one platform.
   



 Under our roof


     We get a lot of attention for our innovation—like being on the Forbes Fintech 50 and Red Herring 100—but we’re most proud of being recognized as a Great Place to Work® (Check out our reviews!). We’re nice, get things done, and have fun. We champion professional growth 
    and work-life balance. In fact, our values are B.A.D.A.S.S.
   



 Be customer obsessed.
   

 Act like an owner, because you are one.
   

 Don’t be afraid to break things in the pursuit of better.
   

 All of us are empowered to do the right thing.
   

 Stay curious and create what’s next. Fast.
   

 Seriously. No jerks.
   


 Technology penetration is low in real estate vs. other asset classes, which just means we have lots of greenfield technology to build!
   



     Your team will will buildout features on things like a Mint/Robinhood style app so owners can see and manage their rental properties at their convenience from wherever they are with the power of real-time data, smart home automation, and predictive analytics at their fingertips; an Uber-style interface so residents can request maintenance, rate their service experiences, pay their rent, or perform any other interaction or communication; and optimized systemized workflows for everything from leasing to leaky faucets to property optimization.
   



     To be successful, you should have exceptional leadership, communication, and project management skills, prior management experience, and a belief in developing the skills and talents of others. You will have experience in identifying and navigating organizational changes, a keen interest in trends in engineering and leadership, and a product-focused, customer-centric mindset.
   



     The ideal candidate for this position is passionate about building teams that focus on delivering the best possible customer experience with performance, scalability, security, and efficiency in mind. You can balance business needs, a sense of urgency, and shipping high quality and pragmatic solutions. You know how to participate in the technical details while still empowering your team to make decisions and move fast. We are looking for someone that excels at partnering across various internal teams and departments, including Marketing, Product, Design, QA, and DevOps, while leveraging their own team or teams to deliver valuable high quality solutions.
   



     This is a management position, but you should also be prepared to roll up your sleeves and do a bit of coding where you can add value. This might mean glue-code, small UI changes, or developer tools. Be prepared to onboard into the code base and setup your laptop with a functional dev environment in order to empathize with engineers, understand work habits, address conflicts, and advocate within the larger engineering organization. The team uses technologies including AWS-managed services, Python, serverless components, GraphQL, and React.
   



     Your team’s work - delivering software that delights our customers and their tenants, automates and instruments a traditionally low-tech industry, and enables controlled and elegant scaling of the business - will be an absolutely crucial part of that journey.
   





 What you will do

 Collaborate with a cross-functional team of designers, product managers, data engineers, and business stakeholders to identify and develop high-quality technical solutions to customer and business problems Recruit, engage, and retain world-class engineering talent. Provide technical leadership, mentorship, and guidance to a cross-functional engineering team. Guide your team in best practices around software development, data analytics, documentation, and fault tolerance. Perform code reviews across the team and assist developers in adopting best-in-class delivery standards. Stay current on leading edge technology, patterns, tools, and trends to help the organization stay at the forefront of industry innovation Once staffed, jump in with the team and do a bit of coding when it makes sense.





What you bring with you

 6+ years of software development experience with significant experience as a hands-on technical contributor earlier in your career. 1+ years of experience managing engineering teams. Comprehensive understanding of reporting systems best practices. Technical proficiency with analytics, data governance, and data integrity Deep understanding of modern software development practices and technology stacks. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. You should be able to explain your approach and the impact of your work to non-technical stakeholders. Proven recruiting experience as a hiring manager with the ability to attract talent and develop high performing teams. Analytical mindset and strong skills in prioritization of engineering investments that lead to maximum impact. Passion for real estate: You have an interest in real estate, enjoy talking about it, getting into the details, and learning more about the space. Startup Mindset: You are comfortable wearing many hats in a rapid growth environment.





    #LI-remote
   

     #INDENG
   


 For our regular full-time roles we offer a great benefits package!


     Competitive compensation
   

     Medical, Vision and Dental for you (95%) and your dependents (65%)
   

     401k
   

     Flexible time off and sick days
   

     Supplemental bonus to support "work from home" office needs
   

     Equity incentives to give you a stake in the Company’s future
   

     We are an upbeat and collaborative work culture
   

     Virtual company-sponsored outings
   


 Roofstock is an equal opportunity employer. In keeping with the values of Roofstock, we make all employment decisions including hiring, evaluation, termination, promotional and training opportunities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, physical handicap, mental disability, medical condition, disability, gender or identity or expression, pregnancy or pregnancy-related condition, marital status, height and/or weight.




*Significant career growth track!
*Generous salary, benefits, and paid leave time
*Excellent work/life balance and team, collaborative company culture
Established and fast growing company has an exciting opportunity for a fully remote AWS / Azure Cloud Engineer! The stand out candidate will be able to seamlessly mesh tech know-how with business acumen to help navigate all of our cloud computing needs, including infrastructure design, maintenance, support and planning. Should have strong experience in cloud-based tech, platforms and applications, and have intimate knowledge of how to most effectively customize these attributes to our business.
Need to have expertise in connecting the dots and evolving our clients' cloud capabilities over time, while advancing as an engineer and keeping an eye on new developments that can support and implement the expansion of our company.
Excellent work/life balance and team, collaborative company culture!
Requirements: 

Must be a US citizen
5+ years of hands-on operation management of AWS in a large, complex environment
3+ years Azure cloud engineering experience
5+ years Linux Admin
5+ years Windows Admin
5+ years of experience with troubleshooting, managing and installing VPNs and Firewalls, in an AWS environment
5+ years building and managing containers, dockers, Kubernetes
General DevOps experience
DevSecOps & tools
Experience building infrastructure as code in Terraform
Passionate about emerging technology and the desire to further your cloud career

Nice to have: 

AWS Certifications
Azure Certifications
Splunk certification

TO APPLY: Please answer application questions and attach your resume
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you a US citizen?
Please list any certifications you have:

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

AWS cloud engineering: 5 years (Preferred)
Azure Cloud engineering: 3 years (Preferred)
installing VPNs and firewalls in AWS environment: 5 years (Preferred)
building and managing containers, dockers, Kubernetes: 5 years (Preferred)
Linux and Windows: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
One of our critical and highly visible initiatives is building and scaling industry-leading lending digital applications and experiences for our customers. We’re seeking a Lead Front End Engineer with Angular (3+) expertise to build and enhance dynamic and responsive web applications. This individual will serve as our in-house Angular and single-page application expert and drive critical transformation and development of our customer-facing platforms.
The ideal candidate understands how to balance a desire for perfectionism with the need for pragmatism. You will integrate with and leverage our existing systems as you help build solutions.
About you
You’ll contribute to the success of the team and our customer facing applications by engineering sound and adaptive web applications at the leading edge of digital lending. Your team will innovate, adapt, and build lasting and scalable solutions from scratch.
What we will want you to do:
Break down projects into reasonable MVPs
Decompose and refactor existing applications to Angular-based solutions
Be motivated by pairing and teaching other engineers how to develop single page applications
Produce quality code at a steady clip
Maintain a consistent cadence of code reviews and team meetings
Ensure our applications are stable and operating as expected in production
Contribute to our strategic technology planning
Collaborate extensively with product and design teams to validate ideas and advocate for simplicity and reusability
Skills or experience we want you to have:
At least 3 years of experience engineering customer-facing applications using Node.JS and Angular 3+
At least 6 years of experience engineering in an Agile environment
Experience building foundational components that can be used across products (platform building)
Deployed Angular/Ionic based solutions to both web and mobile devices
Experience with automated testing techniques and Test Driven Development
Thorough understanding of front end build pipelines
Ability to interface with and influence other technical teams in support of broader goal
Experience in guiding development of dynamic and responsive web applications
Ability to navigate in a nimble environment and drive success in unknown territory
Preferred experience
Experience with other technologies we use (AWS, containerization, Java and JavaScript APIs)
High volume, e-commerce platform experience
Experience as part of a team building foundational components and tacking complex patterns for re-use across the organization
Minimum academic requirements
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field such as Technology, MIS
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, a trusted name in lending for over 100 years. Since 2005 alone, we have looked beyond customers credit scores to lend more than $152 billion to 16.2 million people looking for simple, affordable loans.
With branches across 44 states, we're proud partners of the families and communities we serve. They turn to us to help meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills and auto purchases. It’s all about doing the right thing – a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-Remote
**Federal Projects - Applicant must be a United States Citizen with the ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance**The Baer Group is looking for Backend Developer for a 9+ month Federal Remote Project.Title:  Backend DeveloperLocation:  Remote (Must be based in US)Duration:  9 monthsRate:  All-InclusiveDescription: 

Enables full stack solutions through multi-disciplinary team planning and ecosystem integration to accelerate delivery and drive quality across the application lifecycle.
Performs continuous testing for security, API, and regression suite.
Creates automation strategy, automated scripts and supports data and environment configuration.
Participates in code reviews, monitors, and reports defects to support continuous improvement activities for the end-to-end testing process.

Requirements: 

5+ years of Oracle – SQL & PL/SQL
Testing Process and Quality Improvement
SQL (Structured Query Language)
Java Preferred
Spring Batch Framework Preferred
Oracle Performance Tuning Preferred
Bachelor’s Degree

Public trust security clearance is the lowest level of additional background screening that the federal government requires for applicants of certain jobs, which includes completing a Standard Form 85 (SF85) form.Company Overview: 
The Baer Group is an Enterprise Technology Consulting firm providing job opportunities with several 1st Tier Global Systems Integrators and a wide array of Fortune 1000 clients. Consultants and Employees of TBG enjoy access to the highest profile job opportunities across leading Enterprise Technology Solutions ranging from Digital Transformation programs utilizing the latest technologies from SAP and Oracle to a wide range of emerging Cloud based infrastructure, application and AI related solutions.
The Baer Group prides itself on our ability to work directly with key stakeholders to create the most optimized service experience possible for our consultants and our clients. TBG’s job requirements are carefully vetted and are typically associated with mission critical programs offering tremendous opportunities to expand your skills leveraging the latest solutions. TBG focuses on representing jobs that provide streamlined response to our proposed candidates and a best in class engagement experience.The Baer Group is an equal opportunity employer including disability/veteran.
Job Type: Contract
A career in our Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics will provide you the opportunity to solve our clients most critical business and data protection related challenges. You will be part of a growing team driving strategic programs, data analytics, innovation, deals, cyber resilency, response, and technical implementation activities. You will have access to not only the top Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics professionals at PwC, but at our clients and industry analysts across the globe.

Our Identity and Access Management team focuses on helping our clients design, implement and operate effective access controls that protect against threats, support business objectives, and enable growth. As companies pivot toward a digital business model, exponentially more data is generated and shared among organizations, partners and customers. You'll play an integral role in helping our clients ensure they are protected by using the latest strategies and tools in effectively managing access to all this data. Our team helps organizations manage access to critical assets by focusing on areas like Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories.

In joining, you'll be a part of a team that values technical and business acumen and provides training and development to extend and develop your skills while, fostering a strong collaborative culture. You'll have the opportunity to focus on Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories, among other skills.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be an authentic and inclusive leader, at all grades/levels and in all lines of service. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities and coach to help deliver results.
Develop new ideas and propose innovative solutions to problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from from current trends in business area.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Share relevant thought leadership.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality, diverse relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Information CyberSecurity, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering

Certification(s) Preferred:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified JAVA Developer, certification with IAM products including SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success managing client engagements relating to the creation of business processes and solutions enabled by identity and access management, including requirements analysis, strategy, design, implementation, operations and application/business integration.
Demonstrates thorough knowledge of IAM concepts such as directory services, SSO, federation, MFA, provisioning, access certification, roles and SOD.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing the following when producing deliverables for client engagements related to managing successful enterprise scale IAM implementations, including the following areas:
Utilizing an IAM suite of products - e.g. SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA - and of their design and implementation
Utilizing and applying knowledge of computer science skills such as Java, Python, OOP concepts, Computer Networking, SDLC, operating systems fundamentals (Windows, Unix, Linux);
Conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses of large and complex data;
Utilizing hands-on knowledge of agile development methodologies and DevOps tools (Github/GitLab, Jenkins, AWS Code Deploy, Jira, Confluence, Artifactory, etc.) to enable continuous development / integration model
Utilizing knowledge and experience in public cloud environments (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) and developing IAM solutions for and in the cloud
Leveraging creative thinking and problem solving skills, individual initiative, and utilizing productivity tools - e.g. Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and collaboration tools - e.g. Mail, Calendar, where necessary
Identifying and addressing client needs: building relationships with clients; developing an awareness of relevant services; communicating with the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner; delivering clear requests for information; demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks; and communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor
Performing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles; contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback; providing guidance, clarification and feedback to less experienced staff
Communicating in an organized and knowledgeable manner in written and verbal formats including delivering clear requests for information and communicating potential conflicts
Contributing and supervising specific workstreams on an engagement or engagements, staying educated on current trends and assisting in the development of knowledge capital
Collaborating with business development teams responsible for writing and presenting proposals to prospective clients
Identifying and addressing client needs while displaying the ability to contribute to the development of a business vision and manage implementation efforts with complex project management capabilities
Contributing to business development opportunities and/or engagements from pre-sale and initial scoping through final delivery and sign-off
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote

  Senior Embedded Linux Engineer 
  
   Looking for a Senior Linux Engineer for top notch company!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    Large, growing company partnered with big names such as Nike, Disney, Polaroid, etc.
    Work with a talented team of senior engineers on fulfilling projects
    Fully funded with ability to pay a competitive salary
    Work remotely with the opportunity for occasional travel on-site
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    The current project will be developing Medical Devices using C programming and Python technology . You will be working remotely with the occasional travel to the Seattle or San Francisco offices. The key is finding someone with great interpersonal skills who can communicate well among a team environment as well as with clients.
  
 What You Need for this Position

Linux
Python
GPIO
C programming
Senior level engineer
Can work autonomously on your own as well as being a strong team player
Strong interpersonal skills to interact with clients and team

 What's In It for You

    Medical Benefits
    Dental Benefits
    $180,000-$200,000 annual salary
    401 K
  

    Don't miss out on this amazing opportunity! Reach out today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Andy Prickett
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Applications Developer ( Angular/.NET) 
  
Title: Applications Developer ( Angular/.NET)
   
Location: Remote
   
Salary: $100,000- $130,000
   
Requirements:Minimum of 3 years experience with Angular and/or C#/.NET. This role is 80% frontend and 20% backend 
   
 We are a full-service loyalty marketing provider that creates programs designed to drive ROI while increasing employee and customer retention via brand name rewards. Our company creates and manages effective programs with targeted rewards and incentives. With access to over 15,000 products from the most popular brands, we are the leader in rewards and incentives.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    - Write high quality and testable code - - This role is 80% frontend ( Angular) and 20% backend ( C#/NET)
   

Work with key stakeholders throughout the SDLC including but not limited to design, development, QA, acceptance, deployment.
Customer and vendor integration via API and SSO
Performing system analysis, code modifications, and functional testing to troubleshoot application production issues


 What You Need for this Position

Minimum of 3 years of experience working with Angular or C# /.NET ( you do need to have experience with both angular and . NET)

 Preferred (Not Required):
  

Experience with Angular, jQuery, MVC, WebAPI desired 
Professional experience in creating mobile applications 
E-commerce website Development
 - Cloud computing\development - Azure 
  

Data security & encryption knowledge

 What's In It for You

Highly competitive base salary and overall compensation package
Full Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
Life Insurance coverage
401 (K) with generous company match
Paid time off (PTO)
Vacation, sick, and paid holidays


    If you're interested, please provide the following to get the ball rolling:
   
 1) Updated resume
    2) Salary requirements (a range would suffice)
    3) Interview availability this week
   
 My email is Jake.Deal@cybercoders.com
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Jake Deal
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Immediate need for a talented 
  Java Cloud-Native Developer with experience in the
   Utility Industry. This is a 
  12+ Month
contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in
   Charlotte, NC (Remote). Please review the job description below,
  

Job ID: 22-35608


Key Responsibilities:

Creates, maintains, and enhances Java Cloud-Native microservices as part of a durable product team.
Researches evaluates and implements new technology to optimize application efficiency and usability.
Designs new functionality based on product backlog priorities and coordinates development efforts in collaboration with durable product teams and cross-functional organizations
Maintains records to document system and programming development and revisions.
Leverages CICD automation and best practices to deliver quality solutions to our end users
Applies iterative development to continuously deliver value through frequent deployments
Mentor’s other application developers in Java cloud-native development.
Ensures adherence to appropriate design, coding, and cybersecurity standards.
Leads design and code walk-thru as a presenter or reviewer.


Key Requirements and Technology Experience:
 Required Qualifications 
  
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline. In lieu of a degree, 8 years of related business experience.
Work experience in addition to a degree: 5-10 years as an IT Application Developer with an emphasis on JAVA Cloud-Native development.
Java, Spring Boot, Oracle, SQL Server, Agile (Scrum and Kanban), Git
Full-stack development experience with exposure to Java cloud-native APIs
Understand and lead others in the use of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Familiarity with Bitbucket and Jira
Preferred Qualifications: 
  
Experience with event-driven architecture leveraging Kafka
Experience with Pivotal Cloud Foundry, AWS, Azure, GCP, or other cloud platforms
Exposure to code scanning tools such as SonarQube and CheckMarx
Our client is a leading
   Utility Industry and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration. #CHA
 


  Senior .NET Software Engineer 
  
   If you are a Senior .NET Software Engineer with experience, please read on!
   

Title: Senior Backend Developer
   
Location: REMOTE
   
Salary: 120,000 - 150,000 DOE
   
Tech Stack: C#/.NETcore | Cloud Architecure (AWS or Azure) | Postgresql (nice to have)
   
 We are an exciting healthcare startup company backed by one of the largest healthcare companies in the United States. We are looking to create a platform that helps people manage their chronic illnesses. We are looking for an experienced Senior Software Engineers to join our team. As a newer employee of our company, you will have an opportunity to make a hands-on dynamic impact on the business and how we change the way healthcare helps individuals.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop a platform that impacts and enhances people's lives. 
Develop functional code across all products and platforms
Develop automated testing
Review existing architecture and create optimization ideas
Work cross functionally with rest of IT team.

 What You Need for this Position

Microsoft .NET technology stack: C# / .NET, .NET Core, Web APIs
Development Operations: Git, Jira, Azure DevOps
Cloud Programming: Lambda/Azure Functions, Aurora, EKS, S3/Azure Blob3, Elastic Search, AWS Cognito
Automated Testing: Unit test development, Integration test development
Web Programing: HTML, CSS, JavaScript

 What's In It for You

Competitive base salary and overall compensation package
Full benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision
401 (K) with generous company match
Vacation, sick, and paid holidays
Life Insurance coverage


    So, if you are a Senior .NET Software Engineer with experience, please apply today!
   
 1. Apply directly to this job opening here!
    Or
    2. E-mail directly for more information to trent@cybercoders.com
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

 This is a W2 role. ***I am unable to do C2C on this.*** 
 
 Looking for a Lead Windows Server Engineer for a 12-18-month contract. The client would prefer someone local to Winston-Salem, Greensboro or Raleigh, NC, but since this is a remote position, they will consider anyone on Eastern time zone hours. Ideal candidate will have the following: 
 


5+ years working with Windows Server support - OS 2019, 2016, 2012, 2008.
Break/Fix and planned maintenance of Windows server
Some Automation experience (Powershell Scripting)
Technical Support of Windows Server
ServiceNow Ticketing experience
Large Enterprise environment experience
Python is a plus
Azure or AWS experience is a plus
 If you are interested, or know someone who is interested, please send resume to dmitchell@matlensilver.com


We are at the forefront of change in this rapidly evolving lending market. mello, the Greek word for future, was the product of a recent $80+ million dollar investment in research & development to transform & streamline the home buying process into a digital experience like no other competitor offers. But mello is just the beginning loanDepot will continue to invest in developing our own advanced technology ecosystem built around serving our customers & enabling our valued employees to provide exceptional service. We have funding, we have opportunities, you have ideasits a perfect match. Come join us!
 loanDepot We are Americas Lender.
 Position Summary:
 Responsible for delivering innovative, compelling, coherent software solutions for our consumer, internal operations and value chain constituents across a wide variety of enterprise applications through the creation of discrete business services and their supporting components. Maintains automation test suite by adding new automation tests as necessary and translating requirements and/or specifications into automation test cases. Executes automation tests, analyzes test results, reports findings, and debugs automation tool or script failures. Requires knowledge of writing and running automated test with direction from the Software Engineering Manager and/or Lead SDET. Follows best coding practices and methods identified by the team. Ensures the performance of all duties in accordance with the companys policies and procedures, all U.S. state and federal laws and regulations, wherein the company operates.
 Responsibilities: 

Translates requirements into functional and technical test cases and implements them for thorough test coverage.
 Creates integration tests which ensure application functionality, including up- and down-stream interfaces.
 Uses testing frameworks to ensure quality software solutions. Provides feedback on how frameworks can be improved or extended.
 Utilizes familiarity with frameworks and/or tools such as Robot, Cucumber, Watir, SoapUI, etc. to build automated tests.
 Analyzes test case failures to identify points of failure in complex product features and capabilities. Identifies and addresses relevant edge-case scenarios to ensure each is handled properly.
 Collaborates with other technical teams by assisting in troubleshooting complex technical or end-user scenarios.
 Adheres to coding and testing standards. Follows established best practices. Advises peers for their code reviews and advises on coding standards.
 Performs other duties and projects as assigned.

 Requirements:

 B.S. in Computer Science, B.S. Software Engineering, or B.A. in Computer Information Systems or equivalent preferred and a minimum of two (2) + years of relevant technology job experience.
 Understanding of financial terms and concepts preferred. Some knowledge of mortgage specific terminology, concepts and systems preferred.
 Intermediate competence with one or more relevant languages and technologies. Minimum of two (2) + years of experience with C#, Selenium, NUnit, Jasmine, Protractor, Javascript, Postman, Swagger, etc.
 Experience with one or more source/version control systems required. Understanding of branching strategies and merging.
 Knowledge of Visual Studio, TFS, JIRA, and Confluence is preferred.
 Minimum one (1) + years of experience working collaboratively in a team environment.

 Why work for #teamloanDepot:

 Work with other passionate, purposeful and customer-centric team members
 Aggressive earning potential and 401K with robust company match
 Inclusive, diverse and collaborative culture where people from all backgrounds can thrive
 Extensive internal growth and professional development opportunities including tuition reimbursement
 Comprehensive benefits package including Medical/Dental/Vision
 Wellness program to support both mental and physical health
 Generous paid time off options to support work-life balance

 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.  #LI-SS  PM17
 PI178017768



Founded in 1985, Advanced Technology Services, Inc. (ATS) is a leading provider in reliability-centered, technology driven industrial maintenance, MRO asset management and IIOT with over 3000 team members located in the US, Mexico and UK. Our corporate offices are located in Peoria, IL and Greenville, SC. Click to learn more about ATS 
100% Remote position on our corporate team!  Summary:

 Works with Development, Business Analysts, and Systems Architects to design automated testing processes, plans, and methodologies and implements toolsets for improving the overall quality and testing environment of the IT department.

 Responsibilities:

 Designs and implements sound quality and automated testing methodologies (including test plans, cases, and scripts) in conjunction with end users and project requests to ensure the quality of software produced by the development team
 Ensures testing is well defined, planned, and executed by validating that every phase and feature of the software solution is tested and issues are corrected
 Performs and oversees system, integration, performance, and regression testing
 Defines and tracks quality assurance metrics

 Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in computer science and 1-2 years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience
 Knowledge of Selenium, Loadrunner, CodedUI, Test Café, Cucumber, etc
 Experience in testing including Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, Build Deployment, Test Data Creation, API Testing Etc.
 Java, C# programming familiarity a plus
 Agile software development approach preferred
 Able to translate technical requirements into test plans, cases, and scripts for testers
 Six Sigma or equivalent process improvement experience preferred

 **This role is subject to compliance with the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) and the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), which requires the incumbent to be either a US citizen, or lawful permanent resident [“green card” holders].

 Development and Training:

 Development is at the core of what we do and ATS is committed to providing our employees with the opportunity to expand their skillsets. You’ll be given the resources and mentorship you need to succeed in a company committed to education, development and organic growth.



 Benefits:





       Medical, dental, prescription, vision, life and disability insurance and a flexible spending account 
      - save money pre-tax for eligible medical expenses



       Employee Assistance Program and Comprehensive Wellness Program
     


       401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with company match 
      - to prepare for your future



       Extensive Safety Training, New Hire Orientation, Continuous Learning and Development programs and Tuition Reimbursement
     


       Paid Holidays and Vacation Time - 
      encouraging work-life balance






      ATS is committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all aspects of employment to all applicants and employees, regardless of age, color, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, disability, veteran status, genetic information or other legally protected status.
    



Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that is improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation is not about another gadget; it is about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There is no room for error. If you are looking for a better place to use your passion and your desire to drive change, this is the place to be. It's an opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.
Primary Responsibilities:
Work as a part of our core engineering team to ensure the highest standards of design, implementation, performance, and security
Work closely with the product team to ensure all customer needs are met
Design and build upcoming new features
Support and extend existing features
Participate in daily SCRUM meetings
Review requirements and develop technical solutions to meet requirements
Estimate project deliverables
Develop and test REST APIs to meet project requirements using Java Framework
Develop Kafka Producer-Consumer components to meet requirements
Develop and Deploy applications using CI/CD pipeline
Develop applications adhere to secure coding practices and with adequate code coverage
Work with data providers and API consumers to clarify requirements and remove roadblocks
Provide innovate solutions to technical challenges
Build and deploy framework components to achieve automated testing goals for the team
Drive automation into everyday activities
Deliver high quality high performing solutions
You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
3+ years of coding experience with one or more of the follow languages; Java Stack, Beam, Spark, Microservices, Spring technologies with a willingness and ability to learn new ones
3+ years of experience working with Oracle 11g, 12c, MySQL, NoSQL and Big data
3+ years of Agile development experience and knowledge of Agile ceremonies and practices
3+ years of experience with Unit Testing, Code Quality tools, CICD Technologies, Security and Container Technologies
2+ years of experience with Messaging Technologies like MQ Series, Kafka, Oracle AQ
To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment.
Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm)
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $82,100 to $146,900. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $90,500 to $161,600. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives.
All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

JOB DESCRIPTION
A well-known multinational software company is looking for a Sr or Principal Developer to join their team.
A company that has been in business for over 100 years is looking to add a Sr or Principal Developer specializing in C# to their growing team. In this role you will be working with a team of developers to gather project requirements, design software applications and ensure projects are being done in a timely manner. The right candidate will have experience working in an agile environment and can be comfortable with multiple languages, but C# is required. The current projects include working with AI, IoT and Machine Learning.
This organization offers great benefits, PTO and the ability to work within the software arm of a much larger organization
To be considered for this position you should have the following:
4+ years of C# development experience
Web API
Experience with Front-end Development
Object-oriented Programming
Experience with Cloud solutions
Machine learning would be a plus
If you are interested, please feel free to apply or contact Peter Dull at pdull@sniompanies.com.


Overview
Location: Remote anywhere in USA or Canada
We are helping our blockchain gaming platform client to hire a Sr. Backend Developer. The primary responsibilities include building and maintaining the primary infrastructure that supports core products. You will be building out the future of the decentralized metaverse with our team and the community, with many opportunities to solve hard technical problems and take ownership of your modules.

Responsibilities:
Participate in product development from ideation to development and beyond
Write well designed, testable, efficient code using best practices
Build and lead big parts of products from scratch
Design, develop, and integrate APIs across our products
Build robust monitoring and testing systems to manage uptime
Design and implement data storage solutions
Maintain and optimize existing systems
Create new features for our users and for internal use
Participate in code reviews, build reusable code and libraries for future use, and help team members improve

Requirements:
You have 5+ years of experience in a similar position
You’re experienced with JavaScript (preferably TypeScript), Node/Express, SQL (preferably Postgres) RESTful API development experience, unit/integration testing
You can work independently and lead workstreams/mentor others if needed
You have a solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices
You have clean code and architecture habits
You have strong organizational skills to juggle multiple tasks within time constraints
You have an interest in blockchain/web3, gaming, or working in a startup environment

Nice-to-have Skills:
Distributed systems (task queues, message queues, caching, mutex locking, data streaming), authentication/authorization, application performance monitoring, key/value stores, high-throughput read/write data storage, containerization (Docker/Kubernetes), feature flags
Bonus Points for: Data analytics, data warehousing, data lakes, machine learning

Perks:
Competitive salary and equity (token) grant — a sliding scale of cash and tokens
Remote-first team with annual team retreats
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits
Unlimited vacation days and PTO/sick days
Generous home office setup reimbursement and annual learning & development stipend
Our Clients Senior Cloud Engineers are focused on architecting, implementing and managing the core technology infrastructure and enterprise systems. Depth in knowledge in working with various IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS offerings from CSPs as well as third-party providers. You will be responsible for research, architecting, implementing, and creating tools that automate, monitor, and scale infrastructure within Azure, AWS, and GCP within IL2-IL6 environments.
Major Duties & Responsibilities

Provide technical expertise on infrastructure engineering with an emphasis on modern cloud infrastructure, hybrid cloud, and on-prem solutions
Architect, deploy and support complex networks to secure communication to/from existing enclaves
Develop CI/CD pipelines to automate deployments, scale infrastructure, and provide highly available enterprise-level information systems
Ability to present research findings and technical information in a concise manner that can be understood by non-engineers and gives decision-makers the context and key points necessary to make necessary decisions
Prepare white papers and informational memoranda on technical areas of interest, such as tactical edge architecture, service integration, etc

Qualifications
Required Qualifications / Skills

Currently holding a TS/SCI clearance
This role is mostly remote, with a focus on the DMV area for location
Hands-on experience with deploying, configuring, and automating a variety of IaaS, PaaS, and SaaS solutions with AWS, Azure, and GCP environments
Deep understanding of Enterprise level Networking components such as BGP Routing, ACLs, Firewalls, Load balancers, VPN, SSL, TLS, SMTP, DNS, DCHP
Extensive knowledge with IAM principles for Authorization and Authentication models
Familiar with Containerization (AKS, EKS, Docker, Kubernetes, Prometheus, etc.)
High proficiency in working within virtualized environments (VMware, Hyper-V, Citrix, Redhat)
Good communication and interpersonal skills

Desired Qualifications

Experience with RMF is a big plus
CI/CD pipeline development
Terraform, Ansible, Puppet experience
Scripting knowledge a plus (Python, Bash, Perl, PowerShell)
Azure or AWS certifications
Knowledge of the DoD is strongly preferred

Additional Information
LARC Staffing, LLC is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $1.00 - $2.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Security clearance:

Top Secret (Required)

Work Location: Multiple Locations
A career in our Financial Services Enabling Technologies practice, within Industry and Functional Apps services, will provide you with the opportunity to build secure and new digital experiences for customers, employees, and suppliers. We focus on improving apps or developing new apps for traditional and mobile devices as well as conducting usability testing to find ways to improve our clients’ user experience.

As part of our team, you’ll help clients harness technology systems in financial services focusing on areas such as insurance, sales performance management, retirement and pension, asset management, and banking & capital markets.
Responsibilities
As a Manager, you’ll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Proactively assist in the management of a portfolio of clients, while reporting to Senior Managers and above
Be involved in the financial management of clients
Be actively involved in business development activities to help identify and research opportunities on new/existing clients
Contribute to the development of your own and team’s technical acumen
Develop strategies to solve complex technical challenges
Assist in the management and delivering of large projects
Train, coach, and supervise staff
Keep up to date with local and national business and economic issues
Continue to develop internal relationships and your PwC brand
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
7 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Programming, Computer Engineering, Engineering and Business, Engineering, Management Information Systems, Information Technology

Certification(s) Preferred:
Guidewire Certifications in PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Knowledge of P&C Insurance domain (Policy, Claims, and Billing applications as per product requirements);
Knowledge and demonstrated ability with Java or GOSU programming;
Knowledge and hands-on experience working with J2EE, Application Servers, XML/Web Services/ RDBMS; and,
Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter Configuration development experience.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success managing teams and executing the following areas:
Designing, developing, modifying, and deploying software, including object-oriented programming concepts with using design standards and best practices;
Planning, designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging, and maintaining GOSU language application code within Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter;
Configuring screen layouts, including creation of new screens (PCFs);
Configuring workflows based on business requirements and logic;
Configuring operational and administration related parameters such as roles and permissions, user attributes regions, and activity patterns;
Resolving issues identified during testing of the configuration requirements;
Handling the responsibility of organizing code merges and environment management tasks;
Performing minor and major Guidewire software upgrades;
Working a Middleware platform like Websphere ESB, MuleSoft, Webmethods or a similar software platform;
Working on various data structures and platforms from legacy flat files to complex relational models;
Implementing integration modules that can be reused, ensuring loose coupling as well as easy scalability of various systems and its components;
Developing GUnit/Junit tests for testing business logic;
Designing and developing batch processes inside the Guidewire Centers as well as external batch processes that connects with Guidewire systems; and,
Designing and developing adapters and service APIs and Plugin components based on business requirements.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record success in the following areas:
Working with a development team using Agile methodology, Source version control, and Release management to deliver user stories and ultimately software;
Managing projects, programs, and teams of various sizes;
Leading a team of developers and working with both onshore & offshore teams in different timezones;
Architecting and creating solution designs and effectively presenting solution architecture with various options and estimates;
Assisting in GOSU code reviews, code cleanups and helping to perform sprint demos;
Utilizing technical experiences in Java/GOSU to build and maintain integrations for multi-platform applications; and,
Designing, developing and deploying complex integrations working with Guidewire software and multi-tier applications and systems.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-Remote

  Senior Computer Vision Engineer 
  
   If you are a Senior/Lead Software Engineer with strong ML/AI object detection, nvidia deepstream sdk, OR V4l2 gstreamer experience with a desire to join one of the hottest AI/ML/CV startups in tech that's being used by leading global brands, then please read on!
   
 This is 100% Remote! 
   
 Our investors have a track record of success as they're changing the way the worlds service industry satisfies customers with bleeding edge AI ML CV AR and Deep Learning. Millions in funding are just the start as we've successfully deployed - and as we quickly search for you, our next Senior DevOps engineer that can work from anywhere, fully remote. Don't hesitate, this is a streamlined interview process with one of the best leadership teams in the game. Looking forward to chatting with you!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Well-Funded Strong Adoption!
Working with one of the strongest teams in Computer Vision
Startup making a big splash

 What You Need for this Position

6+ years of experience as a Professional Software Engineer
BSCS or related experience is fine
Experience with Nvidia video codec hardware acceleration
Experience with Nvidia DeepStream SDK, V4l2, AND/OR GStreamer
Strong experience with Python, and other modern frameworks (PyTorch)
Experience with action recognition & object detection

 Mega Bonus:
  

Experience with deep learning neural networks, iterative model training
Experience with camera and image sensors

 What's In It for You

Huge room for growth!
Competitive comp!
100% remote!
Unlimited PTO!
Full Benefits: Medical / Dental / Vision!
Much more!


    So, if you are a Computer Vision Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Chad Vasquez
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Our developers work with speed and efficiency to deliver the highest quality of work. We are looking for someone who is passionate about their client’s business, and ready to work on exciting projects with Fortune 500 companies and Silicon Valley startups, with great rates and zero hassles. If you are looking for a place to advance your career, enhance your skill set, and build connections around the globe, we are right for you.
Requirements

3+ years of professional experience in software development
Proficient with Objective-C or Swift, and Cocoa Touch
Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc.
Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services
Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards
Understanding of Apple’s design principles and interface guidelines
Knowledge of low-level C-based libraries is preferred
Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools
Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications
Knack for benchmarking and optimization
Experience with system architecture or leading a software team is a strong advantage
Full-time availability is a strong advantage

If you’re interested in pursuing an engaging career working on full-time freelance jobs for exclusive clients, take the next step by clicking apply and filling out the short form to get started.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $220,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote

Work Location: Fort Collins, CO
Applied Future Technologies, Inc. (AFT) is actively seeking a Senior Build and Release Engineer to join our team and support our federal customer. The successful candidate will have a solid understanding of the software build and release processes in an agile development environment. As a member of our development team, we look primarily for people who are passionate about solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You will be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals.
AFT is a growing small business concern providing Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance to our government and commercial customers. Our services include custom-engineered solutions that integrate with the latest technology, resulting in advanced information technology systems; business and management consulting services to assess client business practices; and strategic and tactical program expertise to support continuity and provide comprehensive oversight for mission-critical initiatives.
We partner with government and commercial agencies that require the development of systems, such as communication systems, asset management, network deployment and engineering services, power and energy management solutions, portal applications, command and control, and GIS to operate more efficiently and profitably.
As a growing IT consulting and strategic outsourcing provider, we are always looking for exceptionally bright and motivated people to join our team. AFT offers competitive salaries and a comprehensive employee benefits package. If you are looking for an opportunity to use your skills in innovative ways, in an environment that promotes freethinking, presents positive challenges, and makes a real impact – AFT is the place for you!
Responsibilities: 
Supervise and manage the daily activities of configuration and operation of systems which may be mainframe, mini, or client/server based. Plan and monitor the optimizing of system operation and resource utilization and perform systems capacity analysis and planning. Plan and monitor assistance to users in accessing and using business systems. Commensurate experience and education.
As a Build & Release engineer, you will be responsible for packaging code, building & deploying release packages, and supporting rapid and reliable configuration management, as well as continuous integration, build, release, and monitoring solutions.
Key Tasks: 

Ensure predictable delivery of release packages and deployments across various environments
Consistently maintain attention to details commitment to precision
Assess the quality and risks of new products, processes, and procedures
Assemble data on delivery metrics
Build, deploy, and maintain multiple environments
Maintain updated documentation of the build & release process
Execute test scripts for building software packages
Organize a release schedule and oversee release deployment
Manage and maintain key artifacts and information such as build and release procedures, and audit trails
Continually work towards improving the release process

Education and Experience: 

A four-year technical degree – such as Computer Science, Information Systems, or Engineering – is required.
6 or more years of experience as a software build and release engineer.

Required Skills and Competencies: 

5+ years as software engineer/programmer
5+ years of experience configuring large-scale applications
5+ years working in an Agile environment
Experience working with cloud automation tools (Puppet, Chef etc.)
Experience working with Amazon EC2 and Kubernetes
5+ years of experience working with software build tools and integration tools
Solid experience working with Linux
Solid experience with Microsoft Windows
Solid knowledge of version control systems (Git, SVN, Perforce etc.)
Strong experience with configuration management tools like Ansible (preferred), Jinja, SaltStack, Puppet, or Chef
Experience with Ansible Tower
Strong scripting/development experience to automate common routines with Bash and Python
Strong experience with SCM, CI/CD workflows and tools (Git, GitLab, XLDeploy, Artifactory, Maven)
Experience managing and configuring OpenShift/Kubernetes
Strong experience with containerization tools like Docker
Strong Linux system administration experience (RHEL/SE Preferred)
Strong experience automating Agile SDLC workflows, including branching/merging, tags, pull requests, release management, and continuous integration builds with automated tests
An interest in staying updated with the latest advancements in technology

Desired Skills: 

Experience working with databases MS SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, etc.
Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework,
Familiarity with Java and Angular or other frameworks
Familiarity with deploying, configuring, and troubleshooting JEE apps
Experience with Appian, Oracle DB, JBoss (EAP, AMQ, and Fuse), BPM frameworks
Experience with STIG controls
Experience with SELinux
Experience with SSL certificate management
Experience managing and configuring JBOSS and/or Tomcat web containers
Experience with Apache, Nginx, HAProxy as reverse proxies
Experience with monitoring tools such as Zabbix, Outcold, Nagios, or similar
Experience with logging configuration and analysis; Splunk experience is a plus
Experience with cloud based services (AWS, Azure, PAAS)
Experience with JIRA and other Atlassian tools
Experience with tools such as Tableau and Grafana
Experience with RedHat Enterprise Linux
Experience in a DevSecOps environment

The successful candidate is subject to a U.S. Federal Government background investigation and must be able to meet the requirements to hold a position of public trust or higher.
As a federal contracting company expected to fall under the Safer Federal Workforce Task Force (https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/faq/contractors/), AFT requires that all new employees be fully vaccinated (two weeks after final dose) against COVID-19 before their start date
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $175,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

COVID-19 considerations:We follow all CDC guidelines for Covid-19
Experience:

Azure: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS: 3 years (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 3 years (Preferred)
Software deployment: 5 years (Required)
Agile: 5 years (Required)
CI/CD: 3 years (Preferred)
Scripting: 3 years (Preferred)
Docker: 3 years (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Principal Software Engineer-C# .NET AI/ML (Remote-US)
Be a part of a team that’s ensuring Dell Technologies' product integrity and customer satisfaction. Our IT Software Engineer team turns business requirements into technology solutions by designing, coding and testing/debugging applications, as well as documenting procedures for use and constantly seeking quality improvements.
Join us to do the best work of your career and make a profound social impact as a Principal Software Engineer on our AI products team within our Dell Digital organization.
What you’ll achieve
As a Principal Software Engineer, you will build and enhance high traffic next-generation applications. This group works at the cutting edge to design and develop AI-driven software for platforms, peripherals, applications and diagnostics all with the most advanced technologies, tools and software engineering methodologies.
You will:
Architect and code cloud-native software using .NET core and C#
Work closely with product owners, data scientists, designers and QA engineers in a joint effort to build state-of-the-art Software products including AI/ML
Own the quality of engineering solutions – code quality, test coverage, automated tests, etc.
Build and own custom frontend and backend services.
Take the first step towards your dream career
Every Dell Technologies team member brings something unique to the table. Here’s what we are looking for with this role:
Essential Requirements
8+ years industry experience or equivalent skill; must include experience developing web applications and services in an Agile, Scrum, Lean environment
Experience coding cloud-native software using C#.NET Core and Angular OR Python (full stack-UI, backend, API's); strong knowledge of design patterns and best practices for web services, full stack system architecture and system integration
Experience with microservices, containers, orchestration technologies, Git and Continuous Integration (CI)/Continuous Delivery (CD) pipelines, NoSQL, and SQL databases
Good understanding of object oriented principals, system design and diagraming, data structures and algorithms
Experience in full system implementation life cycles (analyze, design, build, test, implement and support)
Desirable Requirements
Graduate degree in Computer Science or related field
Knowledge and/or experience with AI
Here’s our story; now tell us yours
Dell Technologies helps organizations and individuals build a brighter digital tomorrow. Our company is made up of more than 150,000 people, located in over 180 locations around the world. We’re proud to be a diverse and inclusive team and have an endless passion for our mission to drive human progress.
What’s most important to us is that you are respected, feel like you can be yourself and have the opportunity to do the best work of your life - while still having a life. We offer excellent benefits, bonus programs, flexible work arrangements, a variety of career development opportunities, employee resource groups, and much more.
We started with computers, but we didn’t stop there. We are helping customers move into the future with multi-cloud, AI and machine learning through the most innovative technology and services portfolio for the data era. Join us and become a part of what’s next in technology, starting today.
You can also learn more about us by reading our latest Diversity and Inclusion Report and our plan to make the world a better place by 2030 here.
Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages. Read the full Employment Opportunity Policy here.
"LIPriority"
#LI-Remote

Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary


    The National Commercial Services (NCS) division is building out a best of breed application that will set the business apart for its competitors. The 
   Senior Front-end Developer will participate in the design, development, coding, testing, debugging, and maintenance of software code for a web application that will serve our customers and employees. In this role, the developer will be responsible for contributing and delivering quality software while collaborating and supporting the team. You will work with business and technical staff to understand requirements and problems and develop specifications to resolve them.
   

Essential Functions






 Designs, develops, troubleshoots, debugs, and implements software code for website applications.
 Works with graphic designers and other members of a project team to develop the site concept, interface design, and architecture of the website.
 Responsible for interface implementation. Integrates web applications with application tier or with backend databases.
 Write clean, efficient, performant and secure code to build web applications
 Provide input on app architecture
 Work with product designers and clients to clarify requirements
 Plan, estimate and prioritize work on a cross functional collaborative team

 Knowledge & Skills/Technology Used

 5+ years of professional development experience
 Strong front end development experience ideally with single-page applications
 Experience with 2 or more of the following frameworks & libraries, DevOps, and programming languages including, but not limited to React, Redux, Thunk/Saga, Immutable, VueJS, NodeJS Docker, AWS, Glamorous, Ruby is a nice to have.
 Strong experience using vanilla JavaScript is required
 Experience using TypeScript is a strong plus
 Previous experience collaborating in a quality-focused environment where testing and reviewing is a part of the everyday process
 Strong experience with semantic HTML and familiarity with web accessibility best practices
 Familiar with various approaches to styling - from plain CSS to CSS-in-JS, and methodologies for organizing CSS
 You are familiar and are comfortable using design tools such as Illustrator, Sketch, Zeplin, Figma, Principle, Framer or similar is helpful
 Experience with modern UI/UX design principles is a strong plus
 Experience with modern backend technologies and API design/best practices is nice to have
 Experience with containerization and orchestration tools (Docker and Kubernetes) is a bonus
 Experience with deploying into and managing cloud providers (Azure, AWS, GCP, etc.) is a bonus
 Previous experience collaborating on highly distributed teams is a plus
 Experience working within an Agile/Scrum environment.
 Possess a strong and reliable internet connection.
 Align a portion of your day with the business hours. This is a fully remote role.
 Strong hands-on experience using Git is required

 Other Qualities & Skills

 Quick starter within your area of expertise and steps up to challenges outside of it
 Thrives on collaborating with other team members and across disciplines
 Welcomes feedback and sees it as an opportunity for reflection and improvement
 Always learning - Whether you are learning to help your team to work through new concepts and technology
 You are astute, you know when to push an issue and when to let things lie
 You are friendly - you reach out to your teammates even if they aren’t on your project team
 You can work through ambiguity - you aren’t shy about asking questions to gain clarity


 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience



We are open to this position being remote


 #techreferral
 #LI-DS1
 #dice
 #TCORPIT





 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.

JOB DESCRIPTION
Insight Global is looking for a REMOTE Senior Gameplay Developer to support one of our largest aerospace defense clients. developing virtual reality and Unreal Engine (UE) gameplay solutions. The Senior Gameplay Developer should have experience developing Virtual Reality (VR) / Augmented Reality (AR) C++ code within agile SW development environments. The Senior Gameplay Developer is responsible for developing simulations of vehicles, devices, weapons, radars, cameras and other elements of a system in support of customer training. The Senior Gameplay Developer performs integration of 3D/VR/AR environments with physical hardware. The Senior Gameplay Developer will utilize our tool set that includes Unreal Engine, Unreal Game Sync, Visual Studio, Perforce, Jenkins, Coverity, Visual Assist, Cucumber, Gherkin, and Azure DevOps.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS6+ Unreal 4 development experienceVR/AR development experienceStrong experience with Blueprint scripting, plugin developmentExperience with networking including server/client systems and UE replication best practicesC and C++ programming languagesExperience building a scalable, multi-player game/simulation
Career Opportunity – Senior Statistical Programmer with Firma Clinical Research - Remote 
Are you an experienced Programmer with the ability to write SAS programs or macros? Do you enjoy creating Case Report Forms (CRF’s) and clinical databases? Does having more visibility and less red tape appeal to you? If so, we want to speak with you about our position!
Firma Clinical Research is a clinical research organization offering global in-home clinical trial studies. We make clinical trial participation possible for patients who otherwise may not have the option. We are looking to add a Senior Statistical Programmer to our team!
Fully Remote Position
The Senior Statistical Programmer will lead the statistical programming activities in coordination with others for clinical studies. The primary responsibilities will include:

Lead statistical programming activities to support the clinical studies while providing guidance to less experienced programmers.
Write SAS programs or macros for the data management activities including edit checks.
Follow CDISC-compliance guidelines to write SAS programs or macros to generate SDTM and ADaM datasets and create SDTM and ADaM specifications.
Create SAS programs or macros to perform the statistical analysis of clinical study data based on the Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) including tables, figures, and listings.
Follow SAP to create output mock-up documents.
Through experiential learning, gain proficiency to demonstrate solid understanding of regulatory guidance and statistical methodology as applied to clinical studies in pharmaceutical development.

The ideal candidate will have:

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Biostatistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or related fields, or equivalent experience defined as a minimum of 6 years related, combined experience in employment, education, knowledge, and skills.
Experience in the field of oncology is preferred.
Minimum 4 years’ clinical trials experience and statistical coursework is preferred.
Minimum 3 years’ experience in SAS programming required combined with other statistical software packages.

This is an exciting opportunity to join a professional and impactful clinical research organization. Come join us! Apply online today.
Employer is EEO/M/F/D/V. Please no third-party candidates or phone calls.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Salary: $120k per year
  
Reference: 927977
  
 job summary:
  
 Our client in the gaming industry is seeking an Electronics/Embedded Engineer for a full time position in the heart of Santa Monica, CA.
This will be onsite 100% with little remote work.
This is one the largest brands in the country for the video gaming industry and the client is looking to move extremely fast for hires.
Some camera experience is ideal as well as Linux, C, and C++. location: Santa Monica, California job type: Permanent work hours: 8am to 4pm education: Bachelors  responsibilities: 

skilled in designing circuit boards and programming embedded systems with an emphasis on rapid prototyping and quick turn-around designs.
 Design, build, and support electronic devices such as cameras, high precision timing circuits,  scanners, etc.
 Design embedded systems.
 Program firmware.
 Create documentation and deploy our products.
 4+ years of engineering PCB design and controller programming
 Knowledge of Altium and/or Eagle for circuit board design
 Experience using C/C++ for programming embedded microcontrollers.
 Some experience with high speed and controlled impedance designs.
 Well rounded skills, may need to assemble prototypes as well as use hand tools, milling  machines, lasers, and 3D printers for prototyping.


 qualifications:
  

Experience level: Experienced
 Minimum 5 years of experience
 Education: Bachelors (required)

 skills: 
  
Electronics
 Electronics
 Professional Engineer
 Design Engineer
 Quality
 Embedded
 C++
 Linux


 Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.   Qualified applicants in San Francisco with criminal histories will be considered for employment in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  We will consider for employment all qualified Applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles' Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.  For certain assignments, Covid-19 vaccination and/or testing may be required by Randstad's client or applicable federal mandate, subject to approved medical or religious accommodations. Carefully review the job posting for details on vaccine/testing requirements or ask your Randstad representative for more information.

Our client launched 10 years ago in Austin, TX and has helped over 7 million people. They're changing the way people connect to social care programs. They make it easy to find food, health, housing, and employment programs in seconds. They're powered by tech, driven to do good, and looking for passionate people. Their mission is to connect all people in need and the programs that serve them (with dignity and ease).

As they continue to grow, they are looking to add a talented Site Reliability Engineer to join a highly motivated and passionate team focused on building and fostering good engineering practices and processes. This company has offices in Austin, TX and Denver, CO and allows options for remote, hybrid or in-office working conditions.

What You Get to Go Do with this fast growing Technology company
Help grow and establish the direction of the SRE team.
Mentor other engineers in best practices for measuring performance.
Establish SLOs and build processes to hold teams accountable for meeting them.
What You NEED to SUCCEED in this challenging role
A seasoned veteran of the IT industry with cloud experience to build resilient systems.
Sufficiently experienced to identify “good enough” metrics in a legacy code base and new code.
5+ years of relevant SRE, DevOps, Systems Engineering or Infrastructure Engineering experience
Ability to manage a Kubernetes cluster, preference running on GKE.
Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code tools and processes.
Instrumentation experience for monitoring and logging the health and availability of services.
Knowledge of scripting/coding with Python.
Skilled in writing comprehensive documentation.
What's in it for YOU?

Be a part of a great company with strong ties social values
Get involved early to build something great with stock options
Excellent salary range and comprehensive benefits package w/ 401K, competitive PTO, paid maternity/paternity leave, Health, dental, and vision insurance
Free food, on-site gym, and Pet-friendly office with attached dog park
24/7 access to telemedicine and counseling with unconscious bias training for every team member
INDSJ
 Equivalent Experience 
 

Our client is searching for a Web Developer/Designer for a contract position that can be worked remotely.
 Our client is a state government agency that is building a website and needs to hire a developer that can make the web site look more appealing.
 The following skills are highly desired:

Visual Studio 2022 Community (development environment)
.NET 6 (framework) (aka .NET Core) (using .NET preview features)
ASP.NET (web framework) (aka ASP.NET Core) (suing ASP.NET preview features)
C# 10 (code language) (using C# preview features)
Entity Framework (data access) (latest)
Web API (web data server)
HTML 5 (web structure language)
CSS 3 (web style language)
ES 2021 (web code language) (aka ECMAScript)
jQuery (HTML simplification)
Bootstrap 5/6 (CSS/ES simplification)
SQL Server 2019 with Advanced Services (data server)

 Pay will be based on experience and a drug and background check is requried.
 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.



TITLE: Senior Java Developer  Location: Remote   We are looking for a person that can build and maintain the various portal and API capabilities for a fast-paced organization that is growing. The person will be a key resource that drives the microservices-based architecture to support portal, app as well as business-to-business integration requirements on the roadmap from infancy into a mature system that is centered around providing an amazing end-user experience.   Job Description

Establish best practices, structure and processes to ensure timely executive of high-quality deliverables
Designs and codes applications using advanced technology; envisioning system features and functionality throughout software development life cycle
Strong cloud-technologies experience with a proven record of building and maintaining cloud-native applications.
Collaborate with scrum team, product and technical leads to enhance or resolve product features while delivering on committed sprint stories and goals

Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Strong familiarity working with REST and/or SOAP APIs
Responsive and mobile-friendly web assets
Cross-browser development
Strong test automation experience using tools such as Selenium, Appium, Cucumber
Experience using agile development practices.
Effective written and verbal communication skills along with strong organization, decision making and management abilities.
Strong critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Degree in Software Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or a directly-related field or equivalent experience

Experience

8+ years of experience with Java/J2EE
2+ years of being part of Agile teams – Scrum or Kanban
2+ years of experience in cloud technologies required; AWS preferred 
3+ years in Web development frameworks like React, Spring, Spring Boot other Node.js based systems, React-native, etc.
Experience with Git/SVN, native Git-SCM or service providers (GitHub, GitLab, BitBucket, etc.)
Fluent in BDD and TDD development methodologies
Work in an agile CI/CD environment (Jenkins experience a plus)

About Infinity Consulting Solutions  At Infinity Consulting Solutions our mission is to cultivate successful long term relationships with candidates and clients matching the right candidate with the right client. We believe technology cannot replace the real personal relationships we cultivate. We reject the notion that technology alone is the answer to staffing which is why we our successful partnerships rely on collaboration NOT automation. ICS has been providing flexible staffing solutions for over 20 years in Information Technology, Compliance, Accounting / Finance and Corporate Support. Our staffing solutions include Contract, Temp to Perm and Permanent Placement.  ICS is an Equal Opportunity Employer.



  PHP Application Developer 
  
   Location: Remote (starting work by 9.45am ET daily)
    Salary: 80-130k + benefits
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Business is exploding! So there's tons of opportunity
We are a low pressure environment. No out of hours calls! Good work/life balance
Lots of autonomy, work at your own pace and take you time to do it right the first time!

 What You Will Be Doing

    Reporting to the Director of Development you will work within a team of developers, QA and Business Analysts:
   


Develop a variety of applications both internal and client facing
Design and develop full stack LAMP web applications 
Optimize applications to improver performance
Work closely with BAs and QA Engineers


 What You Need for this Position

    We are open to all levels of engineers: 
   
 1. Junior/entry level - you'll need a BS in CS (or similar) + PHP and MySQL skills. 
   
 2. Mid to senior level, you'll need solid LAMP stack full stack skills. So PHP, MySQL, HTML, JavaScript. Agile is nice to have.
  
 What's In It for You

    Competitive salary + full benefits including 401k match!
  

    So, if you are a PHP Application Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Sally Janavicius
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


** For consideration, please email your updated resume to the recruiter at tauri.hayes@kellyservices.com and reference Job ID 4242425 **


Software Developer - JavaScript
Remote or onsite option in Johnston, IA
Looking for 8-10 years experience
12+ months W2 Contract



Top Must Haves:
 AWS/LAMBDAS
    Javascript
    Node
    Testing framework
    Good communication
   

Daily Responsibilities:


Develop, code, configure, and test programs and systems.
Collaborate with other functional teams and adopt best practices to ensure the solution design helps meet the operational, integration, cost, quality and performance goals of the solution
Execute necessary documentation, as directed, or needed.
Analyze assignments and determine software specifications that must be fulfilled to achieve objectives
Resolve technical integration and performance issues
Collaborate with other relevant stakeholders and team members to ensure that features meet business needs.
Follow industry-standard agile software design methodology for development and documentation.
Review technical deliverables from other software engineers and assess impact on global systems


Education Preferred: Open; But should have necessary experience (8-10 year)
   

Shift Times: Should be able to work 90% of time overlapping with the team. The Team works between 8 am – 5 pm CT.
  
 You should know: Your safety matters! Vaccination against COVID-19 may be a requirement for this job in compliance with current client and governmental policies. A Kelly recruiter will confirm and share more details with you during the interview process. 


Why Kelly
®
?


By partnering with Kelly® Technology, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward.



About Kelly
®


At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live (plus, did we mention we provide a ton of benefits?). Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. 
Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce and providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance. ]]
 

IDR is seeking a Senior C# Developer to join one of our top clients for a 100% Remote opportunity. If you are looking for an opportunity to join a large organization with an ever-growing team-oriented culture, bonus opportunities, and fully remote, please apply today!
Position Overview for the Senior C# Developer

Design, build, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable C# code
Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Collaborate on engineering and architecture of custom software solutions
Create end to end system integration designs and deployment strategies
Building SQL tables
Managing security of the positions coming in

Required Skills for the Senior C# Developer

5+ years developing software solutions using .Net
5+ years' experience with IIS and HTML
Strong SQL experience
Experience in enterprise level environments
CRM development/support with Microsoft is a nice to have skill
Microsoft dynamics is a nice to have
Mobile app development is a nice to have

What’s in it for you?

Competitive compensation package
Full Benefits; Medical, Vision, Dental, and more!
Opportunity to get in with an industry leading organization
Close-knit and team-oriented culture

Why IDR?

20+ Years of Proven Industry Experience in 4 major markets
Employee Stock Ownership Program
Dedicated Engagement Manager who is committed to you and your success
Medical, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance
ClearlyRated’s Best of Staffing® Client and Talent Award winner 9 years in a row

**The end client is unable to sponsor or transfer visas for this position; all parties authorized to work in the US without sponsorship are encouraged to apply.**
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $100,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

C#: 3 years (Preferred)
.NET: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Description: 
   Are you interested in joining a company that is on a mission to change the way organizations view and manage their cybersecurity risk? Are you a passionate technical expert looking to make your mark with one of the most innovative tech organizations in the security industry?
 
RiskLens is looking for a Senior Test Automation Engineer to become a vital member of the Engineering team. In this exciting role, you will be responsible for building and maintaining a scalable functional test automation framework. The candidate will aim to verify and validate functionality, performance, customer use cases, and quality standards for each product and service, as well as internal and external integrations.
 
The Senior Test Automation Engineer position requires applicants to be self-driven and work as part of a distributed team designing and automating high-value test suites for customer-driven solutions. The candidates have strong working knowledge and experience in Agile Software Development and will be responsible for designing, coding, documenting, and executing test cases and defect fixes for solutions touching on a wide variety of technologies across all products and services offered by RiskLens.
 This position is 100% remote. Discretion, teamwork, creativity, and having a quality and delivery mindset are a must.
 
About RiskLens® 
RiskLens is a software startup backed by premier Venture Capital investors that are empowering organizations to make risk-informed cybersecurity decisions by analyzing outcomes in financial terms. The market is rapidly developing, and we have acquired a significant lead in the marketplace with many of the world's largest companies as customers, in industries as diverse as financial services, retail, and healthcare.
 RiskLens offers a comprehensive healthcare package, unlimited paid time off, parental leave, true team culture, and career growth through personal and professional development opportunities. We are growing fast and so will you.
 In this exciting role, you will report to the Engineering Manager and contribute to the success of RiskLens.
 
Requirements: 
   Performance Profile 

Within the first 30 days

Familiarize yourself with the RiskLens SaaS platform
Gain an understanding of the current RiskLens SDLC processes and procedures
Gain an understanding of the current test automation framework

Within 60 days

Develop reasonable expertise in RiskLens platform product and roadmap
Identify areas of improvement in the current functional test automation framework and develop a plan of improvement
Identify Build Acceptance tests (BATs) from the current test suite to run on every build via automation
Identify tests from the current test suite that can be automated for smoke testing, regression testing, and integration testing runs
Build a strong collaborative working relationship with cloud platform engineering, application security, and Software engineering teams to resolve issues and deliver work products with high quality

Within 6 months 

Create valuable, reproducible, singular, and independent high-performance automated tests
Have a working functional test automation framework to execute various automated tests scripts
Have running test scripts from previously identified regression test suite that gets executed during sprint development cycles
Document how to use the automation framework, set up test data, and configure test environments
Work with the developers on the team to analyze and resolve defects
Continuously improve and automate test automation processes and procedures

 Required Skills and Experience 

Demonstrate the ability to work collaboratively in a remote work setting
Strong coding/scripting skills for test automation development
7+ years of experience in software testing, QA, test engineering
5+ years of experience with SQL databases
Experience with automated test frameworks and libraries such as Watir, Cypress, Robot, JMeter, Cucumber, Selenium, CodedUI etc. - API, UI, etc
Critical thinking approaches to testing complicated software
Able to work across Engineering, UX, and Product Management teams to understand big picture ideas and identify solutions to make those ideas come to life
Working experience with any of the commercial pipeline systems such as Azure DevOps, GitHub Actions, CircleCI, Travis, Jenkins
Participate in Scrum ceremonies such as daily stand-ups, story planning, sprint reviews, and retrospectives
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, flexibility, team spirit, and positive attitude
Willingness to work in a dynamic startup environment where every day offers new challenges
History of looking into new automation tools, languages, and/or methodologies to improve testing
Jira experience or equivalent for bug tracking/story/task management

 PI177879300

OneMain is the largest non-bank lender in the United States. One of our critical and highly visible initiatives is building and scaling industry-leading applications and experiences for our customers.
We’re seeking a servant leader to enable your Product Lane in designing, building, and operationalizing a Product Based Operating Model with Iterative and Incremental Engineering Practices improving quality, reuse, transparency, consistency, and predictability. You will leverage data in support of enabling transformation, experimentation, and continuous improvement.
The mindset you will have and the environment you will enable:
We are a fundamentally customer-focused technology organization
We strive to deliver reusable, resilient, reliable, scalable, and maintainable solutions that achieve and advance commercial outcomes
We pursue objectives with skill and discipline
We value transparency and seek to create a culture of learning
We encourage and role model the behaviors we want to see in others
We are Servant Leaders and act as enablers
We drive change through others, not to others
We fill the needs of the team in the short term while building the team's muscle memory required for self-sufficiency in the long term
We navigate in an ever-changing environment and drive success in unknown territory
We thrive in ambiguity, are adaptable, and set a path forward while being empathetic
We are intentional, vulnerable, and assume positive intent
We create the arena for real conversations
We go as fast as we can without breaking things and while minimizing waste; ask for resources when needed
We optimize outcomes balancing team autonomy with enterprise needs
We understand the difference between being and doing “Agile” and can partner within a hybrid environment
What you will do:
A Delivery Lead is an enabler for a Product Lane accelerating value delivery to our customers. A Delivery Lead is a servant leader, coach, and facilitator partnering with, and responsible to, the Lane leaders (business, product, engineering) in optimizing our Product Based Operating Model.
How does a Delivery Lead provide value?
Enhances Capacity
Operates as a part of the Lane committed to the Lane’s OKRs
Supports Lane Leadership in the effective establishment and on-going operation of the Lane
Promotes and coaches on iterative, incremental, and lean practices for value delivery
Guides the Lanes and Vertical Teams through bold change as well as the friction of change
Remove impediments, resolve conflicts, and constantly communicates progress with all stakeholders
Promotes Continuous Improvement
In support of product objectives identify, manage and resolve impediments with a focus on root cause
Acts as a change agent fostering continuous improvement, driving to our North Star
Optimizes contribution through coaching people and teams across the capabilities in the Product Based Operating Model
Brings an independent, knowledgeable perspective to the table raising opportunities for improvement as well as solution ideas
Cultivates a collaborative environment bringing people, teams, and capabilities (e.g. DevOps, InfoSec) together
Solves problems through collaboration, experimentation, and frameworks
Improves Delivery Execution
Supports processes, ceremonies, events, and ongoing work effort execution with a bias for action, achieving outcomes
Identifies, manages, and resolves impediments with a focus on root cause
Applies systems thinking to break down boundaries and silos
Promotes transparency through measuring and reporting progress through quantitative measures
Leverages strong problem-solving abilities in driving towards outcomes keeping a focus on the "why"
Competencies, Skills and Experience:
3+ years of leading and coaching in agile and/or other iterative and incremental methods
3+ years delivering software as a software engineer, test engineer, DevOps engineer, or similar
Excellent communication, organizational and servant leadership skills
Ability to interface with and influence leaders across the organization with poise
Leverages data to make decisions guided by OKRs and KPIs
Proficiency in delivering the work and the transformation in parallel
Ability to design, and implement methods that are lightweight and effective
Experience and excellent knowledge of Iterative and Incremental Engineering Practices
Practiced in Agile techniques and artifacts (definition of done, user stories, epics, initiatives, automation, etc.)
Experience with various agile scaling approaches
Tools experience:
Scrum / Agile tools - bonus points for working knowledge of Atlassian tools (Jira / Confluence)
Slack - bonus points
Microsoft Office applications
Experience in organizing, directing, and managing activities related to building and maintaining software
Knowledge of best practices and tools in an automated CI/CD framework
Experience in the consumer finance industry
Bachelor’s degree (or relevant work experience) in a related field
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, a trusted name in lending for over 100 years. Since 2005 alone, we have looked beyond customers credit scores to lend more than $152 billion to 16.2 million people looking for simple, affordable loans.
With branches across 44 states, we're proud partners of the families and communities we serve. They turn to us to help meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills and auto purchases. It’s all about doing the right thing – a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-Remote
 Job Profile 
 
 Position Overview 
 
 At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success. As a Software Developer Lead within PNC's organization, you will be based remotely. 
 
 Job Description 
 
 As an FTE Software Developer Lead, you will be working across multiple applications leveraging different technologies. For the front-end aspects of this role, you should have experience with Angular (10+) and some of its more advanced features such as state management, creating libraries, rxjs, reactive forms, content projection, and have a grasp of how to operate the application within ElectronJS. 
 
 Should also be able to work with leadership, and business users, to generate user stories and UI mock-ups. For the back-end aspects of this role, you should have experience with Microsoft SQL along with .NET Core and some advanced topics such as spool management and Entity Framework. 
 Creates and leads the technical design and development of software solutions. 
 Proposes & designs software solutions to address complex business needs. Prepares technical and procedural documentation required. 
 Facilitates complex problem resolution. 
 Provides technical guidance and support to colleagues. Reviews coding, testing, and documentation of software. 
 Applies modern principles, methodologies and tools to advance business initiatives and capabilities. 
 
 PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be: 
 Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions. 
 Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework. 
 
 Competencies 
 
 Application Delivery Process – Knowledge of major tasks, deliverables, and formal application delivery methodologies; ability to utilize these in order to deliver new or enhanced applications. 
 
 Application Design, Architecture – Knowledge of application design activities, tools and techniques; ability to utilize these to convert business requirements and logical models into a technical application design. 
 
 Application Development Tools – Knowledge of and ability to utilize a variety of specific tools and toolkits for the development and support of applications. 
 
 Application Testing – Knowledge of application testing and ability to design, plan and execute application testing strategies and tactics to ensure software quality throughout all stages of application development. 
 
 Packaged Application Integration – Knowledge of and the ability to implement packaged application software and integrate it with company applications, databases and technology platforms. 
 
 System Development Life Cycle – Knowledge of project management techniques and the ability to plan, design, develop, test, implement and maintain system development life cycle segments and phases. 
 
 Technical Troubleshooting – Knowledge of technical troubleshooting approaches, tools and techniques, and the ability to anticipate, recognize, and resolve technical (hardware, software, application or operational) problems. 
 
 Work Experience 
 
 Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree, with 3+ years of relevant / direct industry experience. Certifications are often desired. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education and experience (including military service) may be considered. 
 
 Education 
 
 Bachelors 
 
 Additional Job Description 
 
 Benefits 
 PNC offers employees a comprehensive range of benefits to help meet your needs now and in the future. Depending on your eligibility, options for full-time employees include medical/prescription drug coverage (with a Health Savings Account feature); dental and vision options; employee and spouse/child life insurance; short- and long-term disability protection; maternity and parental leave; paid holidays, vacation days and occasional absence time; 401(k), pension and stock purchase plans; dependent care reimbursement account; back-up child/elder care; adoption assistance; educational assistance and a robust wellness program with financial incentives. To learn more about these and other programs, including benefits for part-time employees, visit pncbenefits.com > New to PNC. 
 

Disability Accommodations Statement:
 The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 
 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com. 
 
 The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET. 
 

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):
 PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law. 
 
 California Residents 
 
 Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.


  Senior Angular Developer 
  
   If you are a Senior Angular Developer with experience, please read on!
   
 Headquartered in Pittsburgh PA with remote teams across the nation, we are a booming mobile platform company focusing on ecommerce! Due to growth and demand for our services, we are urgently looking to add a Senior Angular Developer to our diverse and growing team!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

HUGE opportunity for growth!
Competitive base salary!
Cutting-edge tech!

 What You Need for this Position

BSCS or equivalent technical degree preferred
5+ years of professional experience in software development
Strong experience with modern JavaScript with Angular expertise

 HUGE bonus points if you have...
  

Experience with Node
Experience with AWS
Experience with GraphQL
Mobile development experience with Native iOS and/or Android

 What's In It for You

Competitive base salary ($140-160k DOE)
 - Comprehensive benefits package (Medical, Dental, Vision - 100% employer covered!)
  

401k with company matching
Company Stock Options
Unlimited PTO
Fully remote opportunity
Fun and innovative company culture


    So, if you are a Senior Angular Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Noah Gjertsen-Illig
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  DevOps Architect 
  
   If you are a DevOps Architect with experience, please read on!
   
 Located in Silicon Valley, we help our partners to modernize their software deliveries by deploying updates at record scale and speed. We are currently funded by top-tier venture capitalists and growing quickly!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Strategize, deploy, and hold business applications in a production environment
Creating and implementing environments for applications
Automating the provisioning environments
Deploying environments using containers
Troubleshooting problems to reduce impact to clients
Continuously improving the production environment

 What You Need for this Position

    5+ years working experience
   

Docker / Kubernetes
Chef / Ansible
CI/CD

 Bonus points for:
   

Containers
Scripting (Python, Go, etc) 
ML / AI experience


 What's In It for You

Remote
Strong base pay
Huge room for growth!


    So, if you are a DevOps Architect with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Marcus Molina
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Senior Application Developer - Python/Django 
  
Job Title: Python/Django Developer 
   
Job Location: Fully REMOTE within US (East Coast)
   
Job Duration: Full-time, Direct-hire
   
Requirements: Python, Django, Relational databases (PostgreSQL, MySQL), ASP.NET, PHP, Bootstrap
   
 Based in PA, we are a top leading ratings company that actively rates the credit worthiness of over 2,000 high grade and high yield US corporate debt issuers. We have a great team of quantitative analysts and software developers working to make our ratings platform better than ever. We are looking for a talented mid-level Python/Django Developer to join the team to help support existing web properties while also working to build new web applications using Python and Django.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Building web applications using Python and Django frameworks
Maintaining existing Python and PHP scripts
Maintaining existing web properties with PHP and ASP.net
Help mentor junior developers

 What You Need for this Position

    Qualifications and skills: 
   


2-4 years (or 5+ years for senior-level) of experience with Python web development
2+ years of experience with front-end development (HTML, CSS, JS, etc.)
1+ years using distributed version control systems such as Git or Mercurial
1+ years of experience working with frontend frameworks such as Bootstrap, Vue JS, and jQuery
2+ years of experience designing and using a relational database (i.e., PostgreSQL, MySQL, MS
 SQL)
   

1+ years of experience developing in a web framework such as Django or Flask
Ability to solve problems quickly
Ability to work independently and in a team
Ability to work in an agile environment

 Plusses: 
   

2+ years of PHP or ASP.net development experience
Designing and building a CI/CD process
1+ years experience with a NoSQL database
2+ years of Django (or Flask) development experience


 What's In It for You

Competitive Base Salary: 100k-120k or up to 140k for Senior-level DOE 
Good health/dental/vision benefits
401k + company match
Healthy PTO plan
Company equipment provided
Fully Remote Work


    So, if you are a Django Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Katy Bruce
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Req ID: 190983

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Microsoft Developer - ASP.NET Core, Azure - Remote, U.S. to join our team in Plano, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

NTT Data Services is Hiring!

This position is fully Remote/Work from Home and may be based anywhere in the continental United States

This position is for a Microsoft developer who will be responsible for designing and developing applications using .NET Framework, C#, ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, ASP.NET Web API, .NET Core, ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET Core MVC, SQL Server, Entity Framework Core technologies, Azure services and front-end technologies like React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, Vue.

Job Duties and Responsibilities Include:

Participate in business requirements understanding and technical design discussions
Provide development effort estimates for the assigned work
Follow design, development, coding standards and guidelines laid out by the architecture board
Review own code and peer review team members code as per the coding standard guidelines
Follow OWASP coding and testing guidelines
Perform unit testing and fix defects
Participate in CI/CD to promote code to higher environments
Provide day-to-day update about project related tasks to the project manager, project technical lead and staff manager
Fix QA, SIT, UAT defects
Fix production issues
Complete trainings required by the project team and NTT DATA corporate

Basic, Required Qualifications:

Minimum one year of experience in architecting, designing, and implementing cloud native applications in Azure using Azure services like App Service, API Gateway, Service Bus, Event Hub, Logic Apps, Functions, SQL Database, HDInsight, Synapse. Similar number of years of experience in microservices architecture.
Minimum three years of experience in ASP.NET Core, ASP.NET Core MVC, C#, .NET Core, C#, SQL Server, Entity Framework, ReactJS, Angular, JavaScript, Bootstrap, HTML. CSS, AJAX
Minimum five years of experience in ASP.NET, .NET Framework, C#, SQL Server, Entity Framework

Other Desired Qualifications:

Application architecture development
Cloud applications design
Degree: Bachelor's in Computer Science or Engineering or Master's in Computer Applications

Travel:This position is permanent remote with periodic visits to client site

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and considers all applicants without regarding to race, color, religion, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment for all employees. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter so that we may connect you with the appropriate team.

INDAPPS

Nearest Major Market: Plano

Nearest Secondary Market: Dallas

Job Segment:

.NET, Developer, Consulting, Computer Science, Database, Technology

Apply now »

Apply now


Start apply with Xing
Apply Now

Start

Please wait...
a.dialogApplyBtn {
display: none;
}
We are enhancing our development department through outside contracting with the above skillsets. Tasks will include reviewing the current codebase, providing “best practices” recommendations, and developing software to meet company goals.
Our current architecture relies on a PHP / Javascript / Vue.js frontend to process api calls into our provisioning system. The backend uses Laravel to process API calls and insert gathered information into a queue for PHP auto provisioning code to process. We use PHP API calls into our subscription/CRM systems.
The service consists of Android / iOS apps providing a SIP based communication service. To provide the service, we provision multiple systems with modularized API calls. The API calls will be provided to the developer with functioning examples in most cases. The developer is expected to work alone on assigned tasks but we function as a team with full support during the process.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $32.00 - $67.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Vue.js: 2 years (Preferred)
Laravel: 3 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 2 years (Preferred)
PHP: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
The Challenge:
Are you looking for an opportunity to not just develop software, but to help build a system that will modernize government business processes? As a ServiceNow Architect, you will solve problems with a complete end-to-end solution in a fast-paced, agile environment. We’re looking for a developer with the skills needed to build solutions within the ServiceNow platform that will directly impact the client’s mission by modernizing and automating various customer processes.
This role is more than just coding. We need a ServiceNow Architect who will use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and identify needed system improvements. You'll use the Agile life cycle to work with the development team on developing and configuring ServiceNow applications and solutions to implement system stakeholder requirements. You’ll analyze the needs and the environment to help make sure the solution the team develops considers the current architecture and operating environment, as well as future functionality and enhancements. Join us as we build systems to change our healthcare for the better. This position is open to remote delivery from any location in the U.S., to include the District of Columbia.
Empower change with us.
You Have:
10+ years of experience in IT
5+ years of experience with ServiceNow development, including core ITSM tables, Glide, scripting, business rules, client scripts, custom apps, or development methods
3+ years of experience with Web development, including (X)HTML, CSS3, SQL, XML, or Angular and back-end technologies, including JavaScript, PHP, .NET, Java, or ColdFusion
Experience with ServiceNow CMDB administration
Experience with implementing scripted Web services in ServiceNow, jQuery, or Prototype libraries, Java, and CMDB or asset integrations in ServiceNow
Knowledge of SOAP and REST Web services
Ability to obtain a security clearance
Bachelor's Degree
Certified ServiceNow System Administrator and Certified Application Developer
Nice If You Have:
Experience with Object Oriented Programming (OOP), SQL and no-SQL databases
Experience with application design concepts and tools including the use of UML, ERD and Flow Diagrams
Experience with introducing open-source solutions into ServiceNow via Script Includes or as JS or CSS includes
Experience with implementing ServiceNow inside of DevOps pipeline
Experience with Agile Scrum development methods
Knowledge of SAML, Active Directory, or LDAP Integrations
Ability to work with stakeholders to define requirements
ITILv3 or ITIL4 Foundations Certification
Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
Compensation:
The proposed salary range for this position in Colorado is 160,000 to 230,000. Final salary will be determined based on various factors.
At BoozAllen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choice, and support your total well-being. Our comprehensive benefit offerings include healthcare, retirement plan, insurance programs, commuter program, employee assistance program, paid and unpaid leave programs, education assistance, and childcare benefits.
Build Your Career:
A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:
experts in virtually every field
a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
opportunities that provide stability while offering variety
You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.
We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
#LI-AH1, #LI-Remote, ID16


We are seeking a Java Developer to act as a technical lead contributor with 5-7 years of Java object-oriented software development experience. This individual will work as part of a team to analyze, design, develop, configure, test, and implement enterprise application solutions that leverage Java and other technologies.
 Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree and 5+ years of full-stack Java development experience or an equivalent combination of education and work experience
Extensive and current development experience using the core Java programming language and J2EE
Thorough understanding of design patterns and ability to apply them appropriately
Experience in different SDL methodologies and especially Scrum development
Experience building software using tools such as Jenkins, Gerrit, Maven etc…
Unit testing frameworks including JUnit, EasyMock, Mockito
JavaScript
Effective software and data troubleshooting skills
Ability and desire to learn new technologies and coding languages
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Exemplary collaboration, interpersonal, and presentation skills
Experience working with remote teams, partners and customers
Ability to effectively respond to dynamically changing work environment
Must be a US citizen and be able to pass a U.S. Government background check


 Need to have:

Experience working in an Agile software development team
Familiarity with front end user interface and application design technologies such as HTML5




Workway is a professional staffing firm, working with organizations across the country to place exceptional candidates. We are looking for an API Integration Developer responsible for designing, developing, documenting, implementing, and full lifecycle management of custom API solutions, API platform management, and solutions integration for the organization.
Your specific duties will include:

Assesses the health and performance of web services, providing support activities for both production and test environments.
Establishes, participates, and maintains relationships with business units, customers, and subject matter experts in order to remain apprised of direction, project status, architectural and technology trends, risks, and functional/integration issues.
Defines specifications and develop services, modifies existing services, engineer and prepare test data, and document functional specifications.
Analyses program and application performance using various programming languages, tools, and techniques.
Reviews project proposals, evaluates alternatives, provides estimates, and makes recommendations.
Designs and defines specifications for integration solutions, including services and change/updates to ETL jobs.
Identifies potential process improvement areas and suggests options and recommends approaches.
Take ownership of the delivery of features and capabilities throughout the development process
Respond to internal requests as well as external customer requests pertaining to integration requirements.
Troubleshoot issues with internal integration platforms using a combination of tools and domain knowledge.
Support design and development of system interfaces, integration, and automated processes.

EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND/OR LICENSES:

Bachelor's degree (BA/BS) or equivalent from a 4-year college or technical trade school and a minimum of 4 years related experience and/or training. Work-related experience should consist of a technical background in information resources, products, or services.
Experience with programming and scripting with languages like REST, XML, JSON, Java, C#, SSIS, SQL and other tools such as MuleSoft AnyPoint.

Let one of our recruiters assist you in finding and preparing for interviews with our clients. Whether you are interested in a direct-hire, temp-to-hire, or temporary position, Workway can help you to put your best foot forward. Contact us today!
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,723.00 - $140,103.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

For further information please contact our Talent Specialist: Simoneta | 6308470953 & Vivek | 2243692962 & Trevor at 224 369 4020
Job Title: DevOps Solution Architect
Job Type: Direct HireLocation: Chicago, IL (100% Remote if you are not local to Chicago)
Description:
The CoE DevOps Solution Architect provides accountability for the technical solutions from the Modern Engineering Center of Excellence to ensure that the new technology, processes, and ways of working within IT align with IT strategy, increase the security posture, and drive higher quality products. Modern Engineering is adoption of DevSecOps processes and tools. The CoE DevOps Architect is responsible for the technical thought leadership of modern product development technology and supporting DevSecOps processes across the company addressing people, process, and tool aspects of organizational change. Primary responsibilities include developing holistic architecture for all Modern Engineering platforms (including Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery (CI/CD), Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC), Continuous Security, Infrastructure Immutability, Automated Testing, and Observability), overseeing output of other technical resources (e.g., CoE Security Architect, CoE Quality Architect, CoE DevOps Engineer), and leading the technical implementation of the Modern Engineering solutions across The ability to build collaborative stakeholder relationships is a must.
Duties: 

Serve as technical authority for IT on the Modern Engineering solutions
Serve as subject matter expert for modern product development and tooling landscape; stay current on market trends and research
Work directly with breadth of stakeholders across the organization (from individual contributors through senior leadership) by leading and being accountable for the design and delivery of advanced cloud and DevSecOps solutions
Educate stakeholders from the business and IT on services offered by Azure DevOps, AWS, and other SaaS solution providers and how to best leverage the services for improved business performance
Facilitate leadership alignment on Modern Engineering vision, strategy, and methods
Define future state application and reference architecture, operations models, and technical requirements of cloud ecosystem in accordance with leading practices from industry and AWS Well-Architected Framework
Design, architect, and manage all Modern Engineering platforms and environments for scale across the IT organization
Perform and follow strong software coding practices
Iteratively improve deployment methodologies through process streamlining and automation
Work with the CoE and Delivery Teams to define automation strategy tools and deployment, and build and maintain solutions
Evaluate benefits and risks of a solution’s feasibility and functionality
Lead and coordinate technical reviews (architectural, security, compliance, etc.)
Consult on and evangelize the behavior change and mindset shifts required of people resources to implement new architecture and processes
Partner with other CoE members and HR to account for effort associated with culture change as part of implementation strategies
Model desired culture including open knowledge sharing, proactive cross-functional collaboration, and adaptive learning via continuous improvement
Define, review, and implement Modern Engineering Standards
Define, update and document technical Procedures related to software development best practices
Provide collateral support, including architectural guidelines, design guidelines, coding guidelines, test guidelines, handover guidelines
Develop project case studies, training materials and technical guidance for teams within the company
Assist with estimating work efforts required for each phase of a project
Structure work efforts and determine engagement model of technical architects from CoE and IT Delivery Teams (teams using scrum or Kanban to manage workload in conjunction with Agile Framework)
Review and approve technical output of other CoE technical resources (e.g., CoE Security Architect, CoE Quality Architect, CoE DevOps Engineer)
Contribute to and enhance Security Standards and Procedures for Modern Engineering solutions
Accountable for effective provisioning, installation/configuration, and maintenance of CI/CD infrastructure. This may include provisioning of AWS instances, configuring servers, streamlining deployments, scaling out servers
Monitor and consult on all network, security, and other services to meet the organization's current and future requirements
Manage current state and future state Modern Engineering tooling including configuration, maintenance, and upgrades
Implement key performance indicators (KPI) to monitor process health and service metrics
Facilitate compliance with internal and external audit and regulatory requirements

Requirements: 

10+ years of broadened software engineering and architecture experience preferred
5+ years of demonstrable software engineering and DevOps experience
Must demonstrate accountability, sound decision making, and analytical thoroughness
Hands-on experience designing and implementing end-to-end CI/CD pipelines (e.g. Azure DevOps Preferred)
Hands-on AWS and Azure public cloud experience in a production environment (e.g., network, security, deployment, automation, serverless technologies)
Hands-on experience with Configuration Management and Infrastructure as Code (e.g., Chef, Puppet, Ansible, Terraform, AWS CloudFormation, GCP Deployment Manager, Azure ARM) and/or
Hands-on experience to common container and container orchestration solutions (e.g. Docker Enterprise, Kubernetes, AWS ECS)
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience required. Computer Science or related field preferred
Certification on AWS and Azure DevOps platforms preferred

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Behaviors: 

Experience working with and integrating system components into other vendor solutions
Experience with the products and solutions of open-source, cloud, and SaaS ecosystems
Experience working within an Agile/Scrum framework
Experience collaborating across multiple functional/technical teams to deliver a project
Ability to design optimally durable and consistent patterns for distributed systems
Ability to communicate with customers on a business level and translate their needs into a technical solution
Ability to adapt to organizational change and advocate for the required culture change within the organization
Strong emotional intelligence to identify the behavioral and cultural indicators to team effectiveness
Consultative, collaborative approach to solving complex problems, with customer service skills
Invigorated by new challenges and ability to professionally challenge the status quo
Passionate about developing the skills of team members through technical and professional mentoring
Demonstrated growth mindset, enthusiastic about learning new technologies quickly and applying the gained knowledge to address business problems
Self-starter; ability to proactively define work and deliver results

Additional info:
Highly competitive compensation and bonus package, and access to a comprehensive benefits program designed to meet the needs of our employees.

Medical, dental and vision insurance
Retirement program (401k and Pension)
Generous PTO plan
10 paid holidays per year
Work from home options
Casual dress code

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $140,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Referral program

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Chicago, IL: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location


  Senior Solutions Engineer - Enterprise, B2B, SaaS, Mobile 
  
   If you are a Solutions Engineer with experience, please read on!
   
 Based in NYC and remotely in the US, we are a booming software tech company whose mission is to increase mobile commerce revenue and user engagement for its enterprise-level clients. We are experiencing amazing growth and was just named a Best Place to Work in NYC, across all company sizes! We are so excited about where we are heading next and we have created a Partner Engineering team that this candidate will eventually lead and grow. We are about 60-70 employees currently and raised Series C a couple years back. This is a highly visible role as we continue to grow and is 100% REMOTE in the US.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Be the subject matter expert on our technology to the outside world.
Ensure the ongoing quality, stability, and accuracy of integrations with our products.
Develop solutions to expand our marketplace, by writing code & making configuration changes on top of the frameworks developed by our engineering teams.
 - Partner with our product teams to execute go-to-market strategies for new products - distilling market feedback into actionable product improvements.
  

Improve our tools and contribute to road mapped product improvements to enable more efficient integrations.
Can go deep anywhere in the stack to debug complex systems & identify issues.
Have the ability to move fast & make decisions with a pragmatic approach to any problem.

 What You Need for this Position

    5+ years experience of the following: 
   


Customer-facing solutions architecture
B2B SaaS startup
Enterprise customers
Technical Integrations & Delivery
Data flow & Architecture
Building technical solutions for product adoption



At least 30% hands-on coding in current role 
Python, Go, or Node
APIs
Interface with Product / Engineering / Revenue
Adoption of SaaS/Mobile products
Bachelor's degree in CS or related degree


 What's In It for You

    - Competitive base salary: $140,000 - $190,000 base DOE - depends on level of experience 
   

Bonus and/or Equity potential 
Unlimited PTO
100% Medical, Dental and vision Insurance
401k (+ company match)
+ many more perks!!



    So, if you are a Solutions Architect with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Katy Bruce
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Project Overview: Project involves re-architecting loan processing application and move to latest technology framework/design patterns (such as microservices, Angular 12).
Top skill sets required for this role: Java web application, knowledge of sprint boot, Rest API and design patterns is needed. Experience with Capital markets, security lending is preferred but not must have
Location: Team has started going to office in Alpharetta, Georgia. They are looking for someone local who can go into office 2-3 days a week, or would willing to relocate to the area within the next few months.
Primary Responsibilities: 
· Work closely with clients to establish technology solutions at business and technical level.
· Help to build client relationships and participate in business development and proposal work.
Requirements: 
· Strong software development experience in software development with expertise in Java 6 and above and knowledge of latest Java (8/9) features
· Microservices expertise
· Spring Boot/Spring Batch experience
· Working experience with databases (relational and/or Nosql) and messaging technologies
· Docker and Kubernetes experience is preferred
· Strong experience in writing high quality code with full automated unit test coverage.
· Strong experience in defining and applying design standards, patterns, quality matrix depending on the solutions
· Ability & willingness to learn new technologies
· Strong verbal & written communication
· Client facing skills
Plus: 
· Experience in one or more front-end development technologies
· Working experience creating high performing applications including profiling and tuning (of those applications to boost performance)
· Understanding & experience in API management, Swagger
· Experience in TDD/BDD
· Experience in Scrum/Agile
· Understanding of various infrastructures (on-premises, cloud)
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 3 years (Required)
Java: 7 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Sr. Network / SDN / Network Automation Solutions Engineer 
  
   Award winning and established Technology firm providing industry leading solutions in numerous verticals (Commercial, Enterprise, Global, Healthcare, SLED, etc.) is continuing it's growth and adding to their team . The current need is for a Senior Network Solutions Engineer / Architect with strong SDN & Network Automation Engineering expertise.
   
 This will be a REMOTE role when not in front of clients that will be high profile and allow for you to shape the direction of numerous technology / practice initiatives especially in the Software Defined Networking and Network Automation space.
   
 Excellent cross training culture is provided for Network Engineers / Architects with strong aptitude. You will have the ability to take advantage of generous training budgets and time off from projects to gain additional certs and / or attend relevant classes.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    1. Opportunity to be part of an award winning & established firm in fast-growth mode.
   
 2. VERY competitive compensation plan including base, bonus and profit sharing.
   
 3. Opportunity to work remotely from home office when not in front of clients.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Working with internal and external customers in driving their architecture needs. 



Design, Support and Troubleshooting of existing and growing Network / Data Center environments.



Leading initiatives for Designing and deploying Data Center Networks utilizing industry best practices and Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure and Nexus 9k platforms.



Implementing Network Automation based solutions for clients / customers



Developing and performing migration from traditional data center network designs to Cisco ACI.



Integrating services appliances to Cisco ACI deployments to include Application Delivery Controllers and Firewalls.



Monitor network performance and troubleshoot problem areas as needed.



Create Low Level Design, High Level Design, Implementation Plan, and Acceptance Test Plan documents in accordance with customer standards.



Design / Architecture and implementation of solutions surrounding solutions involving Cisco R/S, ASR, DWDM, ACI, SDN and the Nexus switches.



Strategic research and evaluation of new solutions and relevant technologies.



Staying up to date on current and relevant certifications



Strong Expertise with NSX / VMware will be highly desired / relevant



Strong SD-WAN / Viptela expertise will be highly desired / relevant

 What You Need for this Position

CCIE or CCNP certification (either Data Center, Route / Switch, Service Provider or Security)



Strong Cisco R/S expertise



Strong experience with implementing Nexus Switches



Strong experience with Cisco SDN / ACI is required



Strong skills with automation (REST API, Ansible, Python, Powershell, etc.)



8+ years in Cisco WAN/LAN routing and switching. Experience engineering and troubleshooting large, complex Cisco network solutions



Hands-on experience with EIGRP & OSPF



Extensive Cisco Catalyst experience



F5 Loadbalancing experience is a plus



Strong experience with SD WAN and Viptela 



Strong experience with NSX is a plus



Strong exp. with OpenFlow, OpenStack, Virtualization and UCS / Compute Engineering

 What's In It for You

    In addition to the very competitive compensation plan (aggressive base salary, bonus and profit sharing) there will be a comprehensive benefits package including:
   


Vacation/PTO



Medical



Dental



Vision



Bonus



401(k)



Telecommute opportunities once up to speed.



    Please apply ASAP if qualified and interested or you can send your resume to me directly at: Chuck.Cooke@CyberCoders.com
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Chuck Cooke
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

 Equivalent Experience 
 
 This Company is at the forefront of R&D supporting space, intelligence, cybersecurity, defense, homeland security, and health. This is a multi-year consulting project that can be done anywhere in the country. 
 This Company works with the latest and greatest cutting edge technology for all branches of the govt. This is a dynamic, collaborative team supporting multiple projects. MUST BE ABLE TO OBTAIN A SECURITY CLEARANCE IF NEEDED 
 

Description:
 We are looking for an ambitious, talented, and self-motivated individual, who will help us build semantic solutions by elucidating, organizing, and describing information from the rich domain of life science. Your work will take you across many important areas of our business from products to experimental results, biological entities to laboratory techniques, and everything in between. 
 Working closely with our semantic architect, this role will be focused on building out the knowledge graph to incorporate concepts that are central to our business and goals. Further, this role will use this knowledge to improve our products by working closely with software engineers, UI/UX designers, and product management to help them understand how they can benefit from the use of these information structures. Finally, as a detail-focused individual, you will manage the governance process for how we manage and grow this valuable information. 
 Understand business needs and develop solutions that delight consumer and costumers 
 Developing functional web and mobile applications that scale in a global environment 
 Optimizing applications for scalability and speed 
 Collaborating with other team members, designers, and business owners. 
 Staying up-to-date on the newest technologies 
 Identify and explore new opportunities to use new technologies to improve the platform 
 

Skills & Qualifications:
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, Engineering or similar degree 
 Experience as a full stack developer 
 Strong proficiency in JavaScript (ES6) or TypeScript, HTML and CSS 
 JavaScript Frameworks like Angular and React 
 Good understanding of functional programming 
 Familiarities with modern JavaScript tools, like npm, yarn and Webpack 
 Familiarity with browser rendering behavior and performance 
 Familiarity with JS automated testing tools and frameworks 
 Experience developing front end web applications 
 Experience with backend/API development 
 Experience with capabilities of major Cloud Service providers (Google, AWS, Azure). 
 Web frameworks like Vue/Nuxt, React/Next or Angular 
 Node.js and server frameworks such as Express or Sails 
 GraphQL/Apollo & REST API development 
 SQL/NoSQL database modeling and administration 
 Working on Agile/SCRUM development teams 
 Experience with build and deployment solutions 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
A career in our Project Assurance Risk Assurance practice, within Information Technology Risk Assurance services, will allow you to develop and apply strategies that help clients leverage enterprise technologies so they can get a higher return on their investment, mitigate risks, streamline processes, and find operational inefficiencies. We assist clients in understanding and challenging their current risk profiles and develop strategies to build digital confidence by embracing opportunities to stay competitive through building trust and resilience into their technology systems. We cover a wide range of disciplines, including risk evaluation, operational and strategic Information Technology processes, project governance, application implementation, data integrity, cyber security, and accounting/audit.

To gain a competitive edge, organisations are undertaking an unprecedented amount of change around their technology but they’re not without risks. Our team helps our clients manage these risks to avoid adverse operational consequences by putting in structures to mitigate deviations, portfolio optimisation and project management, and aligning the project with the business.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Develop new skills outside of comfort zone.
Act to resolve issues which prevent the team working effectively.
Coach others, recognise their strengths, and encourage them to take ownership of their personal development.
Analyse complex ideas or proposals and build a range of meaningful recommendations.
Use multiple sources of information including broader stakeholder views to develop solutions and recommendations.
Address sub-standard work or work that does not meet firm's/client's expectations.
Use data and insights to inform conclusions and support decision-making.
Develop a point of view on key global trends, and how they impact clients.
Manage a variety of viewpoints to build consensus and create positive outcomes for all parties.
Simplify complex messages, highlighting and summarising key points.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
5 year(s) of Program/Project Management, Assurance and/or Consulting experience

Required Knowledge and Skills:
Thorough understanding of project management methodologies and leading practices.
Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Management Information Systems & Accounting, Computer and Information Science & Accounting, Computer and Information Science, Mathematical Statistics, Mathematics, Statistics, Accounting, Accounting & Technology, Finance, Finance & Technology, Business Administration/Management

Certification(s) Preferred:
DevOps Engineer certifications, Agile certifications, SAFe or other scaling methodology certifications, Project Management Professional (PMP), Certified Scrum Manager (CSM), or similar PM-related certification
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success identifying risk and control points in Agile, DevOps, DevSecOps and other modern delivery environments as well as an understanding of the methodologies themselves.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing Agile techniques in a core project management process area (i.e., IT governance, quality assurance, or SDLC), agile lifecycle management software/tool, and/or ERP or industry specific application and the following:
Possessing the ability to assess and recommend work to confirm that agile teams are operating with high maturity, and in compliance with SDLC and IT finance (funding through capex/opex allocation) processes and controls; and,
Possessing the ability to recommend improvements to Governance, Compliance, Risk Management and Controls activities to align with SAFe and Scrum teams, and reduce overhead for Agile and DevOps teams.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader with technical DevOps/DevSecOps knowledge and experience, ideally in regulated industries, from build to release to monitoring and completing work:
Discovering, considering, and challenging the selection and configuration of DevOps tools / pipelines being used by client development teams;
Helping develop repeatable procedures for assessing configuration and audit log data from a variety of DevOps tools (e.g. Git, BitBucket, SonarQube, JUnit 5, Jenkins, Artifactory, Jira, HP ALM, Protractor, Fortify Cucumber, Cloudify, Ansible, Splunk);
Assessing configuration and audit logs to confirm adherence to defined standards, and identify compliance or security risks; and,
Staying current on the latest tools and trends in DevOps and DevSecOps.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader assisting clients in achieving delivery success:
Identifying and addressing client needs: developing and sustaining client relationships; and defining resource requirements, project workflow, budgets;
Leading teams to generate a vision, establishing direction and motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, and actively promoting continuous improvement and innovation;
Developing strategy; writing, communicating, facilitating, and presenting technical topics (e.g. functionality of DevOps tools, configuration options) to and/or for all levels of audiences;
Leveraging system development life cycle principles, application lifecycle management tools and methods, as well as an awareness of trends and directions in emerging technologies; and,
Possessing familiarity with IT risk management, DevSecOps, and compliance-as-code concepts.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-Remote


Location: Oakland
  
Job ID: 35685
   Job Posting 
  

For UCOP internal applicants, please login to the internal candidate gateway at: Jobs at UCOP 
  

UC OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT

 At the University of California (UC), your contributions make a difference. A world leader producing Nobel and Pulitzer prize recipients with over 150 years of groundbreaking research transforming the world. Choose a career where you can leverage your knowledge, skills and aspirations to inspire and support some of the greatest minds in the world, and those who will follow in their footsteps. Working at the University of California is being part of a unique institution, and a vibrant and diverse community. At the University of California, Office of the President, we propel our mission through impactful work locally, in government centers and systemwide. We are passionate people, serving the greater good.
  
 The University of California, one of the largest and most acclaimed institutions of higher learning in the world, is dedicated to excellence in teaching, research and public service. The University of California Office of the President is the headquarters to the 10 campuses, six academic medical centers and three national laboratories and enrolls premier students from California, the nation and the world. Learn more about the UC Office of the President
  

DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW

 As a security first organization, Technology Delivery Services (TDS) is part of the Information Technology (IT) Department. The TDS teams include Information Security, Planning (architecture and PMO), Application Development, HR & Payroll Development, Infrastructure, and Client Services teams. We maintain an innovative, inclusive, and supportive work environment.
  

POSITION SUMMARY

 The Java developer / analyst will act as a technical resource for application & interface design, configuration, and operation. This work will include coding, deployment, and support for identity and access management (IAM) related functions and integrations. The role may also configure IAM related software and related integrations with other systems.
  
 The ideal candidate will have experience in the areas of software development / coding (java), installation, configuration, and support for software products, and with configuring integrations between IT systems. A background in IAM solutions development, configuration, and support is a strong plus.
  

Responsibilities

 35%
  
 Designs, develops, modifies, debugs, deploys and evaluates user identity, provisioning, and authentication related software and scripts. Performs data analysis and analyzes the design and use of data sources, including relational databases, LDAP data stores, and file based data stores. Monitors and employs identity provisioning related source code control techniques and configuration management. Performs adequate testing of software to ensure proper operation and conformance to test plans. Implements release management. 
  
 25%
  
 Manages user identity provisioning and authentication systems and services for an organization of moderate size comprising multiple, integrated systems. Makes recommendations for purchase or upgrade of new computer hardware, software and services relating to identity and access management. Performs analysis to acquire, install, modify and support operating systems, software, databases, utilities and / or tools for the management of user identities, federated authentication, user provisioning interfaces, and related logging, audit, and monitoring. Applies and manages essential security configurations. 
  
 15%
  
 Identifies, evaluates and develops complex systems, processes and procedures specific to the creation, lifecycle management, and provisioning of trusted user accounts and related authentication mechanisms. Creates specifications for IAM related systems to meet end-user requirements. Develops user interface designs, including self-registration and user provisioning / approval workflow mechanisms. Gathers, analyzes, and documents IAM system requirements, revising existing system and process logic issues as necessary. 
  
 15%
  
 Troubleshoots and resolves complex technical issues, including hardware, custom and COTS software, supporting service integrations, and related interfaces and network configurations. Coordinates work flow of support requests, setting priorities and tracking resolution. Ensures compliance with and provides input to service level agreements. 
  
 10%
  
 Security - Participates in security training and keeps current with industry best practices to ensure software is not exposing the organization to unnecessary risk. Contributes to architecture design to ensure that software/applications are secure. Addresses vulnerabilities as they are discovered by assisting in developing action plans and remediating issues discovered in the software. Keeps up-to-date of new developments in software vulnerabilities and prevention.
  



Required Qualifications


Demonstrated skills associated with programming design, modification and implementation. Basic knowledge of secure software development. Demonstrated ability to create software specifications.
Demonstrated ability to install software and troubleshoot and repair moderately complex problems with computing devices, peripherals and software. Understanding of and experience troubleshooting client, server and peripherals-related issues and actions that can be taken to improve or correct performance. Experience in incident response and digital forensics, including data collection, examination and analysis.
Works independently and as part of a team. Demonstrated problem-solving skills. Ability to learn effectively and meet deadlines.
Skills and experience with development, configuration, testing, and operational support of identity and access management related tools and technologies.


 Preferred Qualifications


Knowledge of identity and access management concepts, tools, and technologies.
Thorough knowledge of business and process analysis functions. Knowledge of the design, development and application of technology and systems to meet business needs.
Demonstrated experience with database administration. Working knowledge of database management systems and standards. Knowledge relating to database system design. Advanced database querying and modeling skills working with moderately complex databases.
Ability to write technical documentation in a clear and concise manner.
Advanced knowledge of computer security tools, best practices and policies including demonstrated experience securing server-based software. Demonstrated skill at administering moderately complex security controls and configurations to computer hardware, software and networks.
Demonstrated testing and test planning skills.
Demonstrated comprehensive understanding of how system management actions affect other systems, system users and dependent / related functions.
Interpersonal skills sufficient to work with both technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization. Ability to elicit and communicate technical and non-technical information in a clear and concise manner.
Familiarity with data quality and governance issues and requirements.
Familiarity with logical data design and data mapping or data conversion.


 Education


Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training.
At least four years of Information Technology work experience. 


License/Certifications


CISSP (Preferred) 


SALARY AND BENEFITS

 Salary: $96,600 - $122,000 annually commensurate with skills/experience
  
 Benefits: For information on the comprehensive benefits package offered by the University visit: Benefits of Belonging
  

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 U.S. based candidates who wish to work fully remote will be considered.
  

HOW TO APPLY

 Please be prepared to attach a cover letter and resume with your application.
  

APPLICATION REVIEW DATE

 The first review date for this job is
   5/24/2022. The position will be open until filled.
  

CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT

 Background Check Process: Successful completion of a background check is required for this critical position. Background check process at UCOP
  
 Smoke Free Work Environment: The University of California, Office of the President, is smoke & tobacco-free as of January 1, 2014. UC Smoke & Tobacco Free Policy
  
 August 2021 Update: The University of California has issued a policy requiring employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID -19 before physically accessing the University location or programs. Upon hire into a UCOP position, you will be provided detailed instructions on how to comply with this policy including access to the COVID vaccination at no cost. New hires to UCOP who work onsite or will come onsite for any activities at a UCOP or other UC location must comply with this policy within 8 weeks after their start date. The policy allows for employees to request approval for an exception or deferral. UC COVID-19 Vaccine Policy
  

EEO STATEMENT

 The University of California, Office of the President, is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age or protected veteran status. EEO/AA Employer UC Nondiscrimination Policy
  
 The University of California, Office of the President, strives to make this job board accessible to any and all users. If you have comments regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at: Accessibility or email the Human Resource Department at: epost@ucop.edu.
  

To apply, visit 
https://careerspub.universityofcalifornia.edu/psp/ucop/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST&Action=U&FOCUS=Applicant&SiteId=19&JobOpeningId=35685&PostingSeq=1jeid-5812d6528a9b2c4faa007faf352dda3d
 



Software Release Manager/ScrumMaster



 Why OmniSYS, a XIFIN company?



 OmniSYS, a division of XIFIN, Inc., is an innovative software and services company dedicated to unlocking a world where healthcare operates with efficiency. We help patients and healthcare organizations make informed, optimized decisions to deliver the best care and patient outcomes possible.
  

 We are self-driven innovators making a difference in the healthcare technology space.

 What will you do?



 As a Software Release Manager/ScrumMaster, you will supervise the process of preparing new software for release to ensure a smooth and successful deployment of the software. You will own the Release Management lifecycle which includes scheduling, coordinating and management of releases across the enterprise for multiple applications across various portfolios. The releases can be inclusive of application updates, operating system patches, security improvements, hardware upgrades, projects, and programs.
  


 The Top 5 things:


 Coordinate release content and effort based on the service request backlog, pending service requests, third party applications, or operating system updates
 Communicate all key project plans, commitments, and changes including schedule and scope changes
 Manage risks and resolve issues that affect release scope, schedule, and quality
 Measure and monitor progress to ensure application releases are delivered on time and that they meet or exceed expectations
 Manage relationships and coordinate work between different teams at different locations



 Who will be most successful in this position?



 If you are a customer-focused, self-starter who thrives in exceeding revenue cycle targets and goals; if you have excellent communication, interpersonal and leadership skills including the ability to partner with internal and external stakeholders; if you can lead resources across various business functions to deliver company objectives; if you have great attention to detail and excellent project management skills, then this may be the right opportunity for you.
  


 Desired Education & Experience


 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Management, or related field
 2+ years of previous release and/or project management experience, (Solid understanding of project management principles preferred)
 8+ years of experience in information systems operations environment in systems analysis or development
 Advanced knowledge of software development lifecycle
 Equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered


 Skills and Certification Considerations


 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
 Project Management Certification/Experience



 Available to travel 1-2 times per year.



 EEO Statement



 XIFIN provides equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, ancestry, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other basis protected by state or federal law.
  


Job Title: Software Engineer, Full Stack Developer
Job Summary:  Application Developer with solid mobile and web application development experience using Microsoft tools and web and web services development frameworks, including C#, SQL Server, WCF and/or .NET, HTML, CSS, Angular, Angular Material, Cordova, and the Ionic Framework. Join a talented team of software professionals to enhance, maintain, and support our market-leading software products.
Please note: We can only consider candidates residing in the following states: AZ, CA, CT, FL, IN, MO, PA, SC, TX, and WI
Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no direct supervisory responsibilities.
Duties & Responsibilities: 

Design and implement RESTful web service-based business processes for an enterprise-level software platform using C# and SQL Server
Design and develop mobile-friendly web applications using extensive knowledge of HTML, CSS, Angular, and Angular Material
Design and develop Angular-based mobile applications (Android & iOS) solutions using Cordova and the Ionic framework
Provide tier-4 technical support to internal and external customers

Required Skills/Abilities: 

Solid working knowledge in developing C# and SQL Server-based service-oriented business applications
Solid working knowledge with JSON and RESTful web services
Knowledge of MS SQL Server, including stored procedures, foreign keys, constraints, triggers, and database design
Demonstrated ability to develop attractive and performant UI web pages, along with Android and iOS mobile applications, interfacing with RESTful web services via JSON HTTPS requests
Intelligent, dedicated, friendly demeanor, and eager to learn
Highly motivated, hands-on, and results-oriented
Comfortable in a small team environment using Agile methodologies
Ability to efficiently solve problems and implement code for time-sensitive engineering projects
Working knowledge of unit testing, in particular, Microsoft Testing Framework
Adherence to coding best practices, including class design using design patterns along with generics and inheritance, for ensuring optimal code re-use, ease of understanding, and maintainability

Education and Experience: 

Minimum of 2 years experience working with the tech stack in a professional environment
Bachelor or Associates Degree preferred in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience is acceptable

Extra-Bonus Qualifications: 

Experience with analyzing SQL stored procedures for performance enhancements and sharing best practices and standards with the team
Experience with web service testing tools, specifically SoapUI and Swagger, although Postman or browser-based RESTful clients are acceptable
Experience with Git, BitBucket, and pull requests
Familiarity with IIS and/or Azure Web Services and their related offerings, including tie-ins with Application Insights or other embedded performance monitoring technologies

Physical Requirements: 

Prolonged periods of working on a computer.
Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times.
Minimum of 40 hours per week

Benefits: 

401(k) with employer contribution
Health, dental, vision, life insurance offered
Paid Holidays
Cumulative personal time
Referral program
100% remote workplace

Job Type:  Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Note to Applicants: 

The candidate must have a suitable working location at home that is free from distractions and has reliable, high-speed internet connectivity.
CXT Software is an equal opportunity employer. We value the diversity of our workforce. Must be authorized to work in the U.S. We are unable to sponsor H1b applicants at this time. No third parties please.
COVID-19 vaccination is required for in-person employee or customer visitation.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Do you reside in AZ, CA, CT, FL, IN, MO, PA, SC, TX, or WI

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

WCF and/or .NET for web services: 2 years (Required)
working with the tech stack in a professional environment: 2 years (Required)
developing C# and SQL Server-based: 2 years (Required)
knowledge with JSON and RESTful web services: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Job Summary: 
 4+ years of development experience
  

3+ years of development experience with C#
2+ years of development experience with .Net Core 3.1
2+ years of development experience with ReactJS
Microsoft development environments (Visual Studio, C#, SQL Management Studio)
Knowledge working on Azure Devops Pipelines
In depth knowledge of Micro Services
Knowledge in Docker and Kubernetes
Cloud Computing
Experience with Unit Testing (XUnit, Codecoverage)
PCI compliance best practices and methods
Thorough understanding in systems and data processing policies, practices, and procedures
Experience working with Kafka or another streaming messenger platform is a plus

 Preferred:


Knowledge or experience with sales commission based businesses and/or ecommerce
Distribution, Supply Chain Management (SCM) systems, ERP and methodologies
Mobile Device Development

 Work Environment:


Typical environment found in software teams migrating to agile methodologies.
Zoom and Teams meetings typical
Some weekend and after-hours work will be required for system problems and scheduled
 maintenance windows
 


  Senior DevOps Engineer - Javascript 
  
   Senior JavaScript Engineer needed Immediately!
    We are a weather consulting company that specializes in past weather events. We can create maps that show areas that have been affected by several weather conditions including hail, wind, tornadoes, now or rain. 
   
 Right now we need to of a Senior Engineer with JavaScript (React/Node) and DevOps experience would be a plus. Having a wide tech-stack background and being comfortable with managing other engineers is required. 
   
 The CTO really needs someone to take on some of his work load and he needs someone that will be able to help him develop the current engineers as well as taking on projects. Ideally we would like a candidate that has experience with API Architecture as well. React and Node are the most important, but it would be really nice to have Kafka or Kubernetes experience. 
   
 It would be preferable to have candidates from Michigan or Oklahoma, but it is not a requirement at all. Fully remote position
    I would love to setup a time for a quick phone call to go over your experience and tell you all about this position/company.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    $150-$200,000/year salary
    Fully remote position
    Health Insurance
    401(k)
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    You will be working directly with the CTO to manage and develop current projects, while assisting in managing mid-junior level engineers.
  
 What You Need for this Position

    7+ years minimum professional experience 
    or 5+ years of professional experience and a college degree
   

REACT
NODE
Kafka
Apache
API Architecture
Kubernetes
Management



    So, if you are a Senior JavaScript Engineer - with experience, please apply today!
   
 I would love to setup a time for a quick phone call to go over your experience and tell you all about the company.
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Clint Naegel
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
A career in our Project Assurance Risk Assurance practice, within Information Technology Risk Assurance services, will allow you to develop and apply strategies that help clients leverage enterprise technologies so they can get a higher return on their investment, mitigate risks, streamline processes, and find operational inefficiencies. We assist clients in understanding and challenging their current risk profiles and develop strategies to build digital confidence by embracing opportunities to stay competitive through building trust and resilience into their technology systems. We cover a wide range of disciplines, including risk evaluation, operational and strategic Information Technology processes, project governance, application implementation, data integrity, cyber security, and accounting/audit.

To gain a competitive edge, organisations are undertaking an unprecedented amount of change around their technology but they’re not without risks. Our team helps our clients manage these risks to avoid adverse operational consequences by putting in structures to mitigate deviations, portfolio optimisation and project management, and aligning the project with the business.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Manager, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Develop new skills outside of comfort zone.
Act to resolve issues which prevent the team working effectively.
Coach others, recognise their strengths, and encourage them to take ownership of their personal development.
Analyse complex ideas or proposals and build a range of meaningful recommendations.
Use multiple sources of information including broader stakeholder views to develop solutions and recommendations.
Address sub-standard work or work that does not meet firm's/client's expectations.
Use data and insights to inform conclusions and support decision-making.
Develop a point of view on key global trends, and how they impact clients.
Manage a variety of viewpoints to build consensus and create positive outcomes for all parties.
Simplify complex messages, highlighting and summarising key points.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
5 year(s) of Program/Project Management, Assurance and/or Consulting experience

Required Knowledge and Skills:
Thorough understanding of project management methodologies and leading practices.
Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Management Information Systems & Accounting, Computer and Information Science & Accounting, Computer and Information Science, Mathematical Statistics, Mathematics, Statistics, Accounting, Accounting & Technology, Finance, Finance & Technology, Business Administration/Management

Certification(s) Preferred:
DevOps Engineer certifications, Agile certifications, SAFe or other scaling methodology certifications, Project Management Professional (PMP), Certified Scrum Manager (CSM), or similar PM-related certification
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success identifying risk and control points in Agile, DevOps, DevSecOps and other modern delivery environments as well as an understanding of the methodologies themselves.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing Agile techniques in a core project management process area (i.e., IT governance, quality assurance, or SDLC), agile lifecycle management software/tool, and/or ERP or industry specific application and the following:
Possessing the ability to assess and recommend work to confirm that agile teams are operating with high maturity, and in compliance with SDLC and IT finance (funding through capex/opex allocation) processes and controls; and,
Possessing the ability to recommend improvements to Governance, Compliance, Risk Management and Controls activities to align with SAFe and Scrum teams, and reduce overhead for Agile and DevOps teams.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader with technical DevOps/DevSecOps knowledge and experience, ideally in regulated industries, from build to release to monitoring and completing work:
Discovering, considering, and challenging the selection and configuration of DevOps tools / pipelines being used by client development teams;
Helping develop repeatable procedures for assessing configuration and audit log data from a variety of DevOps tools (e.g. Git, BitBucket, SonarQube, JUnit 5, Jenkins, Artifactory, Jira, HP ALM, Protractor, Fortify Cucumber, Cloudify, Ansible, Splunk);
Assessing configuration and audit logs to confirm adherence to defined standards, and identify compliance or security risks; and,
Staying current on the latest tools and trends in DevOps and DevSecOps.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success as a team leader assisting clients in achieving delivery success:
Identifying and addressing client needs: developing and sustaining client relationships; and defining resource requirements, project workflow, budgets;
Leading teams to generate a vision, establishing direction and motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, and actively promoting continuous improvement and innovation;
Developing strategy; writing, communicating, facilitating, and presenting technical topics (e.g. functionality of DevOps tools, configuration options) to and/or for all levels of audiences;
Leveraging system development life cycle principles, application lifecycle management tools and methods, as well as an awareness of trends and directions in emerging technologies; and,
Possessing familiarity with IT risk management, DevSecOps, and compliance-as-code concepts.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-RemoteOne of our top clients is looking for a motivated UI Application Developer to help design, develop and maintain various internal and external-facing applications. This opportunity is fully remote and part of a team that will help you learn and develop new skills as you grow.
Technical Skills Required:
3-5 years of web development experience
Experience in the basic web stack of JavaScript/HTML/CSS
Experience in JSON/AJAX
Experience of modern MVC or MVVM type web frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Experience of CSS framework Bootstrap
Experience in using common APIs (Google, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.)
Experience in using API testing platforms like Postman/Swagger
Experience in debugging JavaScript using Chrome Debugger
Experience of version control and collaboration platform Github/GitLab/Bitbucket
Experience with Agile development
Strong sense of UX/UI design
Solid understanding of OOP
Solid understanding of RDBMS
Solid understanding of DNS, Cashing Service, Load Balancer, CORS
Technical Skills Plus:
Experience in Java, Python, Node.js
Knowledge of jQuery
Knowledge of Redux library
Experience of Package Manager and Installer npm
Experience in Adobe Photoshop
Experience of Webhooks
Experience of authorization framework OAuth 2
Experience in API security (TLS/SSL/API Keys/JWT)
Experience of SEO tools such as Google Analytics, SEMrush
Experience in Content Management Systems
Experience in Wireframing and Prototyping
Experience in Mobile application design
Experience in Cloud Computing Environment (AWS/AZURE)
Knowledge of Microservice Architecture
Soft Skills:
Strong logical, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Good interpersonal communication and team-oriented skills
Strong oral & written communication skills with both teams & clients
Proactively seek ways to optimize the development and design process
Seek out feedback from team members, clients, and stakeholders
Willingness to learn new systems and keep up-to-date with technological advances
Education: Bachelor's Degree preferably in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or related IT discipline; or equivalent experiencePurpose of Job We are seeking a talented IMS Systems Programmer-Senior Level for our San Antonio, Plano or Phoenix facility. This person may also work remotely from a 100% remote work environment.
This position sits within the Core Infrastructure Services organization, supporting the IMS system platform for USAA. The candidate selected will work with a team to support and manage the IMS system and supporting tools. Responsibilities include ensuring continuous availability, IMS system health, troubleshooting, IMS maintenance, researching issues, performance and optimization. Additionally, the selected candidate will identify and act on opportunities for monitoring and alerting, operational efficiency, and automation.
Responsible for creating, modifying, maintaining and supporting infrastructure and individual and integrated system components and solutions that enable and IT Services. Balance availability, security, efficiency and functional requirements to help provide an optimized production service. Identify and manage existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensure these risks are effectively identified and escalated to be measured, monitored and controlled.
USAA values a work culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused deliverables. The actual days onsite are settled between each employee and the employee’s manager.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Tasks

​Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.

Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.

Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.

Design, develop, code, and test significant technical solutions collaborating with senior and lead engineers.

Lead code/design reviews to ensure smooth daily operations and accurate planning at a team level.

Organize work and lead team to deliver features and solutions.

Independently resolves complex production issues and leads troubleshooting of end-to-end solutions that span multiple applications and systems.

Mentor and coach junior engineers.

May begin working with architecture to help influence directions for key technologies within a specific domain.

Minimum Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree.

6 years of infrastructure experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s) to include 2 years' experience in Systems Operations environment supporting complex environment deployment and infrastructure management activities or applicable IT experience such as IT Management, Software Development, Data Engineering, and Agile Product/Release Management.

4 years of experience in creating, modifying, and maintaining infrastructure and individual system components.

Advanced level of business acumen in the areas of business operations, risk management, industry practices and emerging trends.

Knowledge and proficient understanding of designing scalable IT system infrastructures, implementing system changes, or automating service delivery and maintenance tasks.

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them
at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses

Preferred Requirements :
Installation and Management of IMS subsystem including supporting products (3rd party IMS tools) to ensure continuous availability

IMS Datasharing and Shared Queues experience

CSL Common Service Layer Knowledge and/or DRD - Dynamic Resource Definition Knowledge

SMP/E skills

Assembler Coding Skills

Compensation: USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is $106,800- $192,300 * (this does not include geographic differential it may be applied based on your work location)
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits: At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.
Please click on the link below for more details.
USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.More information about this job:
Overview:
FM Global is a leading property insurer of the world's largest businesses, providing more than one-third of FORTUNE 1000-size companies with engineering-based risk management and property insurance solutions. FM Global helps clients maintain continuity in their business operations by drawing upon state-of-the-art loss-prevention engineering and research; risk management skills and support services; tailored risk transfer capabilities; and superior financial strength. To do so, we rely on a dynamic, culturally diverse group of employees, working in more than 100 countries, in a variety of challenging roles.

Responsibilities:
This position is open to fully remote candidates with quarterly travel to Headquarters located in Johnston, RI.
Designs, develops, maintains and enhances multi-tiered, client/server business applications!
These multi-tiered client/server business applications may be transactional or analytical in nature. Individuals holding this position may be assigned to project teams, work independently, or lead others on a project team, as assigned. This is the second level in the Software Engineering job family.
Incumbents must have a thorough understanding of available technology, tools and existing designs, and collaborate with business staff, IT (Information Technology) colleagues and other stakeholders to evaluate defined complex business requirements and processes, assess available technologies, determine infrastructure and recommend solution options. Incumbents design and build application solutions which may involve diverse development platforms, software, hardware, technologies and tools.
Qualifications:
5+ years of in-depth experience in object-oriented business application design and development in a complex client server environment.
Hands on experience with the following:
.Net
.Net Core
C#
ApI/Integration experience
SQL
Service Bus (preferred)
WPF
Angular
UWP
XUnit or other Testing Frameworks
Technical knowledge
Structured and object-oriented design, development and implementation of business applications in current computing architectures.
Systems Development Life Cycle as pertains to software development projects.
Working knowledge of relevant technologies, tools, and middleware, including development technologies and scripting languages (e.g., VB, VB.Net, ASP, ASP. Net, MSMQ (Microsoft Message Queueing), Biztalk, Oracle, SQL Server, stored procedures, HTML/XML/XSL, COM, DCOM, ODBC, ADO (Azure DevOps), etc.)
Conceptual knowledge of information technologies in distributed client/server environments.
Technical skills:
Application development using current computing architectures and environments (e.g., multi-tiered Client/Server Web)
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to estimate development tasks for small to medium sized projects. Several of the following: Server Side and Client-Side development techniques, object-oriented design and development, multi-threading, choosing Transports, Clustering, Distributed Offline, developing for optimal network performance, selection of deployment options.
Expertise across multiple technologies including servers, browsers, 3rd party utilities/tools for integrating application components with database management systems and legacy systems.
Project management: planning and carrying out projects from vision through implementation.
Self-motivated to know the latest in development technologies, tools and techniques.
Soft skills:
Strong verbal and written communication skills with an ability to translate technical concepts as appropriate to the level of the audience.
Ability to work self-directed and as part of a team on projects of varying size; works well on multi-functional project teams and shows commitment to tasks, project, and to team.
Strong interpersonal skills
Education
4 Year/Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information technology, or a related field, or equivalent work experience and technical training with a non-related Bachelor degree.
We offer our employees a wide range of benefits including career long learning opportunities, tuition reimbursement, 401 (k), pension, flexible schedules, rich health and well-being programs, generous time off allowances, volunteer days and so much more!
FM Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce.
Please note that all FM Global visitors, including external candidates interviewing for open positions will be required to be vaccinated and should be prepared to provide proof of vaccination.
 Equivalent Experience 
 

Sr .NET Software Engineer - 100% Remote
 Description:
 -
 Our client is a fast-growing technology services company. We are searching for passionate, collaborative team members to join the team. In this role you will be performing full-stack development, performing all necessary tasks to design and deliver software end to end. Most of our work is built in the Microsoft ecosystem with a bias towards open platforms such as Docker, Kubernetes, and .NET Core.

Are you a problem solver who thrives solving technical challenges?
Do you take pride in your work?
Can you effectively work independently, yet reach out for guidance when necessary?
Do you value a small company, fast-paced collaborative team environment where you can have a material impact on a team?
Do you write clean and efficient code?

 Job Responsibilities:
 -

Full-stack development using .NET Core, Microsoft Azure, unit testing, and mock data generation.
Participating in agile software planning and development activities including daily standups, user story and task organization and grooming activities, and

 effort estimation

Analyze business and technical requirements to develop documentation, designs, code and tests
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively
Experience with technologies and tools such as JavaScript, JSON, HTML5, Angular5, Azure
Willingness to jump in where needed, learn new technologies, and work effectively across full stack
Outstanding analytical and programming skills

 Qualifications:
 -

5+ years of experience working with common languages and frameworks such as C# or Java
In-depth understanding of modern application design principles, DevOps, microservices, and .NET
Experience building enterprise-class software applications, preferably using workflow and dashboards
Strong analytical, quantitative and problem-solving abilities
Strong written and verbal communication skills including ability to convey proposed solutions through natural language, diagrams, and design patterns
Should be able to effectively communicate with business executives, consulting firms, and engineering teams.
B.S. in Computer Science or similar

 Top Skills:
 -

.NET Core
Docker
Azure DevOps

 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

A career in Products and Technology is an opportunity to bring PwC's strategy to life by driving products and technology into everything we deliver. Our clients expect us to bring the right people and the right technology to solve their biggest problems; Products and Technology is here to help PwC meet that challenge and accelerate the growth of our business. We have skilled technologists, data scientists, product managers and business strategists who are using technology to accelerate change.


Our team plans, designs and implements the architectural vision for Infrastructure supporting the firm. Additionally, we support/troubleshoot issues related to the design and implementation of Infrastructure solutions.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Additional Educational Requirements:
In lieu of a Bachelor Degree, 12 years of professional experience involving technology-focused process improvements, transformations, and/or system implementations.
Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering, Computer Programming, Computer Systems Analysis, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Management of Technology, Business Application Programming, Engineering

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Performing as a team member to generate a vision, establishing direction, motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, coaching staff, and encouraging improvement and innovation;
Performing enterprise systems design, application scaling, performance evaluation, and architecture refinement;
Demonstrating experience with .NET/ Java, SPA (React/Angular), Javascript, NodeJS, Scala based platforms, open source tooling, MS and / or AWS cloud solutions;
Executing NoSQL database models, XML, relational and other database models and associated SQL;
Applying Natural Language Processing, Named Entity Recognition, Machine Learning and general unstructured data analytics; and,
Applying full stack development with comfort and familiarity of continuous integration tooling such as Docker, Jenkins/ Azure DevOps, Chef, and Puppet.
Demonstrating thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in:
Building enterprise or consumer products that scale;
Creating design documentation, assisting in project planning, and leading staff in the development of complex systems;
Applying algorithm optimization, system security, and distributed computing;
Building and orchestrating microservices across a distributed enterprise cloud architecture built for scalability and performance;
Performing code reviews for backend business services and assist in front end UI efforts; and,
Evaluating and selecting open source tools based on industry experience and familiarity with the open source community.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-RemoteCytel provides unrivaled biostatistics and operations research knowledge to our customers in the life sciences industries in the form of both software and services. At Cytel, we work hard to create successful careers with significant professional growth for our employees, as a result of which they work hard to make Cytel successful. Cytel is a place where talent, experience and integrity come together to advance the state of clinical development.


We are experiencing exponential growth on a global scale and hiringSenior Statistical Programmers to join our FSP division. You will apply your know-how in CDISC standards (SDTM & ADaM) and advanced SAS programming skills, tosupport or lead one or more Phase I-IV clinical trials, across a variety of therapeutic areas.


Position is home-based in North America (U.S. & Canada), with option to work out of one of our office locations in King of Prussia, PA or Waltham, MA.


How you will contribute:

Performing data manipulation, analysis and reporting of clinical trial data, both safety and efficacy (ISS/ISE), utilizing SAS programming
Generating and validating SDTM and ADaM datasets/analysis files, and tables, listings, and figures ( TLFs)
Production and QC / validation programming
Generating complex ad-hoc reports utilizing raw data
Applying strong understanding/experience of Efficacy analysis
Communicating with and/or responding to internal cross-functional teams and client for project specifications, status, issues or inquiries
Performing lead duties when called upon
Serving as team player, with a willingness to go the extra distance to get results, meet deadlines, etc.
Being adaptable and flexible when priorities change


What you offer:

Bachelor’s degree in one of the following fieldsStatistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, etc.
At least 6years of SAS programming working with clinical trial data in the Pharmaceutical & Biotech industrywith a bachelor’s degree or equivalent. At least 5years of related experience with a master’s degree or above.
Study lead experience, preferably juggling multiple projects simultaneously preferred.
Strong SAS data manipulation, analysis and reporting skills.
Solid experience implementing the latest CDISC SDTM / ADaM standards.
Strong QC / validation skills.
Good ad-hoc reporting skills.
Proficiency in Efficacy analysis.
Familiarity with drug development life cycle and experience with the manipulation, analysis and reporting of clinical trials’ data.
Submissions experience utilizing define.xml and other submission documents.
Experience supporting Oncology studies a plus.
Excellent analytical & troubleshooting skills.
Ability to provide quality output and deliverables, in adherence with challenging timelines.
Ability to work effectively and successfully in a globally dispersed team environment with cross-cultural partners.


Why Cytel?

Our collaborative working environment encourages innovation and rewards results, and we are proud to have one of the lowest turnover rates in the industry.
In addition to a competitive compensation, we offer an excellent benefit’s package, annual bonus incentive, promote work-life balance, and the opportunity to grow with us!
Work with respected experts and thought leaders in the fields of biostatistics and statistical programming.

Cytel Inc. is an Equal Employment / Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants are considered for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristics protected by law.


Cytel does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact Cytel’s human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to Cytel. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and Cytel. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of Cytel. Cytel shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies.Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Cyber Software Engineer to join the development team on one of our (many) prime programs.
This Prime Contract is in year three (3) of a seven (7) year period of performance

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD
Telework Availability: TBD

What You Will Do:
The Cyber Software Engineer develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse software systems to ingest and manipulate extremely large data sets for real-time systems and business management information systems. Build and enhance high-visibility, collaborative web application tools used in the day-to-day mission, throughout the customer and across the broader Intelligence Community (IC). Your work will enable data to be updated and shared in real-time and will help drive more informed and timely decisions in matters of national security.
You will work with real-time data and create tools using cutting-edge visualization, development and analytic technologies.

Thus far, our team has created:
A streamlined, collaborative User Interface (UI) that shares data across agencies within the IC.
Cognitive Data Models to develop data transformations for easier consumption into the UI.
A UI that allows users to consolidate, organize, and reconcile data in a sandbox setting and updates real-time tabular, graphical, and map visualizations.
An analyst tool that enables users to quickly capture, document and access information.
A Day in the Life (Just a Few of the Things You Will Do): As a back-end developer with strong Java skills supports the Cyber Team to create, update or implement models for the ingest of new knowledge into the data repository. Be part of collaborative and diverse team of junior, senior and expert level developers and mission leaders allowing you to mentor and learn from others. High level of collaboration with multiple product teams to design solutions from the user’s perspective. Review and test software components and gain experience developing comprehensive system, performance, and design plans. Define data models to link existing applications in support of new data items; develop data mining and data ingest processes for new data; and support integration with middle-tier and back-end APIs. This includes Storing data in corporate solutions Mitigating attack patterns Converging data from malware Developing ETL processes to retrieve and deliver data across multiple persistence technologies in a performant manner Understanding and ensure corporate compliance rule sets are upheld Connecting to outside data sources to retrieve, collate, and cache data Writing automated unit and integration tests Monitoring running applications and troubleshooting errors. Required Education / Years of Experience: Twenty (20) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution plus a Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline from an accredited college or university is required OR Twenty-four (24) years of development experience may be substituted for candidates without a qualifying bachelor’s degree. Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
Active TS/SCI clearance with polygarph
Twenty (20) or more years of experience developing in support of web-based applications using high level Object Oriented languages (such as Java, C, C++), developing software in UNIX/Linux (RedHat versions 3-5+) and software integration and testing (to include developing and implementing test plans and scripts).
JavaScript and Front-end JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular or Vue.
Java or C++
HTML, CSS, PHP and Perl, Python, Ruby Experience with STYX Experience with writing analytics to query other corporate sources to enrich data. Experience with writing Niagara Files (NiFi) to process data transformations and data flows. Experience with distributed scalable Big Data Store (NoSQL) such as H Base, CloudBase/Accumulo, Big Table, etc., as well as the Map/Reduce programming model, the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), and technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Etc. Shall have demonstrated work experience with 1) Serialization such as JSON and/or BSON, 2) developing restful services, and 3) using source code management tools. Developing applications using Java application frameworks (i.e. Spring Boot) Experience developing applications interfacing with REST-based APIs/services in Apache Tomcat/Java or NodeJS. Full Software Development Lifecyle (SDLC) experience that includes twenty (20) years or more of: Analyzing and translating user requirements into software requirements
Experience with Java, JUnit, JSON, JSON Schema
Experience with REST, SpringBoot, Docker, ElasticSearch
Some experience with SQL (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MySQL, etc)
Knowledge of Graph (Neo4J) and/or Elastic is a plus
Developing software solutions by analyzing system performance standards
Providing both new software development and capabilities enhancement
Developing simple data queries for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Software Integration (new and existing systems)
Troubleshooting, debugging and defects correction
Creation and editing of software system documentation
Ensuring unit testing and software quality control of all developed and modified software
Serving as a mentor to junior team members Desired Experience/ Skills (Nice to Have): Experience with writing Linux based scripts to facilitate application integration using a one or more appropriate server-side languages (i.e. Shell, Python, etc.) Modify the repository schema of an existing application to support new data items, develop data mining and data ingest processes for new data, and support integration with middle-tier and back-end APIs Experience performing queries against large data sets Familiarity with customer Government off-the-Shelf (GOTS) corporate tools for data UI visualization. Experience working in an Agile software development environment Experience managing software code using Git & MAVEN Experience using Jira and Confluence Work in a team environment
BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Remote, Nationwide - Seeking Senior Data Applications Engineer, Cloud Financials 


Everybody Has A Role To Play In Transforming Healthcare 

 If you want to be part of changing healthcare to better serve patients, you are in the right place. With Vituity you will join a team of individuals dedicated to our culture of caring and work to develop and implement innovative solutions, while tackling some of the healthcare industry's most challenging situations from the inside. 
  

Join the Vituity Team. At Vituity, our core values matter. We embody a Culture of Caring by approaching every human interaction with compassion and heart. With a Servant Leadership philosophy, we focus on what we can accomplish when we put our patients and colleagues first. An Ownership Mentality means we all have mutual accountability to drive positive change for Vituity as a whole. Finally, our focus on Innovation enables all of us to re-imagine healthcare and bring about lasting change. Ultimately, we are unified around the common purpose of transforming healthcare to improve lives, and we believe everyone has a role to play in that. Help us shape the future of healthcare. 
  

Vituity Locations: Vituity has opportunities at 450 practice locations across the country, serving 8 million patients a year. With Vituity, if you ever need to move, you can take your job with you. 
  

The Opportunity 


Provide senior level technical knowledge, support, development and analyses during the planning, execution, and management of existing, new and changed Cloud Financials enterprise applications. 
Perform senior level operational technical support for key Cloud Financials technology-enabled business processes which use enterprise applications, databases and enterprise application data flow. 
Ensure application and data integrity across business processes and lead technical discussions to operational identify root cause and resolve discrepancies. 
Troubleshoot complex technical challenges, application errors, scripts, triggers, perform root cause analyses, serve as senior level engineer working with Enterprise Financials applications and data. 
Manage technical aspects of application upgrades, to ensure operational uptime and ensure required solutions are implemented. 
Work with change manager and developers to supplement knowledge of change impact to Enterprise Applications. Create and maintain solution documentation and artifacts. 
Maintain operations which orchestrate data replication for dependent applications. 
Monitor and oversee scheduling of daily production jobs including scheduling, maintaining logging of all production processing, problem resolution/escalation, and daily request processing. 
Support application implementation and release to operations processes. 
Maintain understanding and continuously keep up with environment changes to application architectures, business process and required functionality, requiring strong orientation with data analysis and data management. 
Provide special project application development and support as assigned. 
Provide application and engineering queue management including timeline and planning for incident, change request and engineering Jira stories. 
Coordinate with Change and Release Management teams to schedule delivery. 
Lead operations and development projects as assigned. 
Perform related duties as required. 


Required Experience and Competencies 


Bachelor's degree Computer Science, Electrical & Computer Engineering, or related discipline, or an equivalent combination of education and experience that demonstrates attainment of the required competencies. 
8+ years of experience in providing technology solutions to support business defined requirements preferably as a Cloud Applications Engineer. 
Strong relational data modeling and analysis experience. 
Proven experience managing data applications in the cloud, experience developing on modern software technologies, calling application programming interfaces (APIs), platform technology provisioning and setup for Disaster Recovery. 
Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical & Computer Engineering, or related discipline, or MBA is preferred. 
Strong project management and process execution preferred. 
Oracle Enterprise Planning and Budgeting Services development experience preferred. 
Microsoft Cloud application development experience preferred. 
IT Infrastructure Library (ITIL) framework experience preferred. 
Advanced knowledge of database systems such as Oracle or MS SQL Server. Experience building packages and stored procedures preferred. 
Advanced knowledge of Cloud architecture, Netsuite Application / SuiteScript development, Salesforce Force.com development, APEX and VSP development, or aptitude to quickly learn all of these is preferred. 
Excellent communication and people skills, oral and written with ability to communicate with appropriate level of detail with business users. 
High performer that responds well to changing priorities. 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Ability to learn new technologies quickly with genuine curiosity on how they can be leveraged to innovate. 
Strong attention to detail and accuracy. 
Collaborative team player. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 


The Community 

 Even when you are working remotely, you are an important part of the Vituity Community. We offer plenty of opportunities to engage with other Vitans through a variety of virtual meet-and-greets, events and seminars. 
  

Monthly wellness events and programs such as yoga, HIIT classes, and more 
Trainings to help support and advance your professional growth 
Team building activities such as happy hours and holiday celebrations 
Flexible work hours 
Opportunities to attend Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) events including LGBTQ+ History, Dia de los Muertos Celebration, Money Management/Money Relationship, and more. 


Benefits & Beyond* 

 Vituity cares about the whole you. With our comprehensive benefits package, we are mindful of what matters most, and support your needs of today and your plans for the future. 
  

Superior health plan options 
Dental, Vision, HSA/FSA, Life and AD&D coverage, and more 
Top Tier 401(k) retirement savings plans that offers a $1.20 match for every dollar up to 6% 
Outstanding Paid Time Off: Four weeks' vacation, Paid holidays, Sabbatical 
Student Loan Repayment Program 
Professional and Career Development Program 
EAP, travel assistance and identify theft included 
Wellness program 
Commuter Benefits Program 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) initiatives including LGBTQ+ History, Dia de los Muertos Celebration, Money Management/Money Relationship, and more. 
Purpose-driven culture focused on improving the lives of our patients, communities, and employees. 


   We are unified around the common purpose of transforming healthcare to improve lives and we believe everyone has a role to play in that. We know that when we work together across sites and specialties as an integrated healthcare team, we can exceed the expectations of our patients and the hospitals and clinics we work in. If you are looking to make a difference, from clinical to corporate, Vituity is the place to do it. Come grow with us. 
   
 Vituity appreciates differences; our dedication to diversity, equity and inclusion is at the heart of our organization. Vituity does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, disability, age, genetic information (including family medical history), veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or related condition, or any other basis protected by law. Vituity is committed to complying with all applicable national, state and local laws pertaining to nondiscrimination and equal opportunity. 
   


Benefits for part-time and per diem vary. Please speak to a recruiter for more information. 


Applicants Only. No agencies please. 

 #IND123
  



  Remote- Project Integration Engineer- JavaScript, Node, Python, 
  
   If you are a Remote- Project Integration Engineer- JavaScript, Node, Python, with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    What You'll Be Doing:
   

Work with the cloud development teams to gain in-depth understanding of our cloud solutions and how they can be integrated with partner and customer endpoints.
Work with customers or partners, support personnel, and other technical staff in coordination of the project tasks, including onboarding, integration, upgrade and customer acceptance of cloud projects.
Identify, document, and present on potential customer-facing risks during planning and implementation phases; advise of possible options to mitigate the risks or resolve the issues.
Break down large, complex, mission-critical projects into smaller milestones and actionable phases to help reduce risk and better guarantee success for all stakeholders.
Collaborate and coordinate integration project related deliverables with, Product Management, Engineering, and Cloud Operations teams to steward product improvements and issues resolution when required.
Share technical knowledge and skills throughout the department and Company by creating knowledge base articles, best practices documentation, and training materials.
Proactively suggest changes to products, processes or internal tools to improve efficiency.

 Required Qualifications:
   

Ability to manage and deliver multiple concurrent projects and meet tight deadlines with a significant workload in high-ambiguity, high-volatility environments that demand adaptability and a strong sense of urgency.
Proven ability to excel under tight deadlines and in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision.
Familiarity with Conditional Access or Digital Rights Management (DRM) experience with Windows Media DRM, Apple Fairplay, Google Widevine, etc.
Advanced critical-thinking, problem-solving capabilities, high attention to detail and ability to think from a systems level perspective.
Ability to maintain a professional, positive, can-do attitude, poise when under pressure to perform with extreme reliability.
Active participation in leading customer and partner meetings and presenting when required, then reporting on progress, next steps and action points
Strong customer facing skills, and ability to communicate verbally and in writing, complex technical solutions to stakeholders, ability to defend your recommendations with professionalism and diplomacy and track progress and actions across internal and external teams
4 or more years of cloud programming languages such as Python, Java Script, Linux systems administration, high-availability environments utilized by database-driven applications.
Ability to maintain a whole system perspective even when exposed to different deployment types, systems architectures, network topologies, and vendors with each problem or solution being addressed.
Strong presentation, meeting facilitation, and communication skills in English across geographies, cultures and time zones.
Thrives in a self-directed environment where solutions are sought-out rather than pre-packaged.
Bachelor's Degree.

 Each of the Following would be a Plus:
    " Previous broadcast experience with OTT/DRM or Internet streaming technologies for live and ondemand video content.
    " Experience with content encoders and packagers and use of (CPIX) protocol.
    " SQL database experience with schema-less databases. Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL or
    similar.
    " Experience with end-to-end solutions engineering and managing projects with multiple
    stakeholders.
    " Experience with: security protocols, server hardening techniques, cryptography, PKI, SSL/TLS.
    " Video standards such as: DECE/Ultraviolet, MPEG-2/MPEG-4 AVC, H.264, MPEG-DASH, HTTP
    Live Streaming, Microsoft Windows Media / PlayReady, Apple HLS, Marlin and RTSP.
    " Experience on set-top boxes, tablets, smartphones, Internet-connected devices, etc.
    " Business-level fluency in a non-English language.
    " Bachelors degree required in Computer Sciences, Electrical Engineering or related filed and
    MBA/MS in Computer Science is plus
  
 What You Need for this Position

Integration Engineer
Software Engineer
JavaScript
Node.js
Python
AWS

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Remote- Project Integration Engineer- JavaScript, Node, Python, with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Anya Glover
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 



JOB TITLE:
 Front End Web Developer 
   
LOCATION: 100% Remote, Seattle, WA 

DURATION: 11 months contract 






SUMMARY:

Our client is looking for skilled Front End Web Developers to assist with a highly impactful project involving charting.
 
M
 
inimum years 3 years of experience with Java script, HTML, React is a plus/JS knowledge. Could be writing APIs on Java. Front end focus. 




RESPONSIBILITIES:
 
 Use design software to create mockups and html prototypes for new features
     

Build/Code static and dynamic pages from these mockups and additional specifications
Create and manage CSS styles and CSS frameworks
Ensure customer-facing new features meet style requirements
Create code for front-end behaviors with Dynamic HTML
Cross-browser test and troubleshoot site presentation
Develop optimized/cross-platform front-end code in CSS/XHTML, and JavaScript
Develop functional prototypes to demonstrate concepts and to enable rapid iterative support for usability research.
Collaborate with product managers, designers, backend engineers, and researchers to refine the user experience.
A proven portfolio demonstrating the above skills will be required






QUALIFICATIONS:
 


     -4+ years of experience years experience in front-end web development
     

Browser rendering and cross-browser knowledge
Expert with HTML/XHTML at the hand-coding level.
Expert in CSS for content styling and layout.
Exhibit an understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues.
JavaScript skill is preferred
Able to operate in a Linux environment

 Skills and Abilities Required:
     

Expert with a major design application (Fireworks or Photoshop)
Expert XHTML/CSS for cross-browser rendering
User Interface design and diagramming
JavaScript to add behaviors to otherwise static pages
Semantic coding with CSS/XHTML




     IND123
    





  MATRIX has partnered with a premier client to fill a full time employee -100% remote position. This is a great opportunity to expand your career and work with a well known company and look towards career growth.
  
 Are you a developer passionate about keeping the lights on? Does "truly making a difference" and working with both back end and front end engineering excite you? Do you have experience with back end .NET core C#? Are you extremely collaborative and enjoy working with your teammates to impact positive change? Are you looking for your next career opportunity? This position may be for you!!!
   Location: 100% REMOTE  Title: Back End C# Support Engineer

.NET Core / Back end skills - C# - REQUIRED
Cloud experience (AWS or AZURE) - PLUS
Will be handling tickets from product development
   Not focused on specific product or platform 
  
Will be doing quick fixes / triages
Won't be creating code from scratch
Fixing bugs
Working on enhancements / modifications
May work on shorter term product development projects
1-2 years experience
Will be exposed to all technologies and software products 

As a full stack “quick” team engineer, we will equip you with the tools to become an expert in root cause analysis and quick resolution to support issues. You will have the opportunity to develop problem solving skills with our legacy applications while learning how to tackle some of our more complex issues within our newer architecture. Not only will you be keeping the lights on, but making the lights brighter with small, user-requested enhancements to both our legacy and newer applications. This is the ultimate opportunity for an engineer who likes to work in a semi-“quick” paced environment, enjoys problem solving and wants to make a difference in people’s lives every day.

Programming experience using C# with .NET Core / .NET Framework
Relational database experience with data modeling, reporting, query optimization, indexing a SQL Datastore
API development
Basic front end development using Angular. Experience in React will also be considered
Experience within scrum teams and familiarity with Agile methodologies
Understanding basics of cloud-based architecture (AWS preferred, but Microsoft Azure or Google Cloud is good too))
A curious mind and a basic problem-solving skills



   Equal Employment Opportunity
   


   MATRIX is committed to providing a work environment that values diversity, equity, inclusion and respect. We do not discriminate based upon race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status (including registered domestic partnership status), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), gender (including gender identity and expression), age (40 and over), sexual orientation, military and veteran status and/or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
  


   MATRIX is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. Supporting medical or religious documentation will be required where applicable. If you are a qualified individual with a disability, you may request a reasonable accommodation under the American Disability Act (ADA) by emailing MATRIX_HR@MatrixRes.com. To ensure a quick response to your request, please use the words “Accommodation request” as the subject line of your email.
  

A career in Information Technology, within Internal Firm Services, will provide you with the opportunity to support our core business functions by deploying applications that enable our people to work more efficiently and deliver the highest levels of service to our clients. You’ll focus on managing the design and implementation of technology infrastructure within PwC, developing and enhancing both client and internal facing applications within PwC, and providing technology tools that help create a competitive advantage for the Firm to drive strategic business growth.

Our Applications Programming - Practice Support team helps translate PwC’s business requirements through efficient and effective Information Technology software applications. We design, develop, test, and implement sophisticated software applications in support of the firms needs and requirements.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
High School Diploma

Minimum Years of Experience:
2 year(s) of progressive roles focused on information technology applications and its overall impact on business strategies and productivity.

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Bachelor Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Information Technology

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following technical development areas:Angular 2 (or higher) or similar SPA frameworks (VUE etc);Mobile Application Development (preferably with Ionic);Application Integrations using RESTful web services;NoSQL Databases including MongoDB, Cassandra, DocumentDB and related databases;Cloud-based platforms and services such as Google Cloud Platform, MS Azure, AWS;Continuous integration/continuous deployment such as Git, Jenkins, VSTS, Puppet, Chef, Maven, Gradle, Ant; and,Containers such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Openshift.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas of application development:Writing JavaScript or TypeScript applications;Working with SQL Server or other comparable databases such as MySQL, Oracle and PostgreSQL;Working with HTML5 and CSS3;Using JavaScript unit testing tools such as Karma, Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc.;Using source control with Git and GitHub;Working within established Software Development Lifecycles and methodologies including agile, scrum, iterative and waterfall to support the success of the larger IT organization;Learning rapidly and continuously taking advantage of new technologies, concepts and business models; demonstrating a history of staying current in emerging technology trends;Displaying initiative and an ability to develop applications in a self-directed and self-disciplined manner with minimal direction;Researching and evaluating emerging technologies and novel approaches in order to make recommendations to enhance business processes and/or create competitive advantage to PwC;Working collaboratively with other developers, including participating in code reviews;Communicating effectively both verbally and written with project team members; and,Using robust analytic thinking skills with the ability to identify, debug, and resolve technical issues.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoifsseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote

  REMOTE-Full Stack- React-Elixir-Node-ROR-Javascript-REMOTE 
  
   If you are a REMOTE-Full Stack- React-Elixir-Node-ROR-Javascript-REMOTE with experience, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    (This job is fully remote forever)
    Requirements
    4+ years of experience building web applications
    Experience building and styling front-end user interfaces
    Experience building backend apis
   
 Nice-to-have
   
 Bachelor's Degree in CS/ Engineering or equivalent experience in the field
    Experience writing clean, maintainable and standards compliant code
    Exceptional analytical aptitude and attention to detail
    Extensive knowledge of design patterns, algorithms and data structures
    Understanding of server-side languages and frameworks such as Elixir, Ruby on Rails, and Node.js.
    Knowledge of HTML, CSS3, SASS, Webpack, Responsive design
    Experience with Graphql
    Experience with Javascript and modern client side frameworks such as React
    Experience with building mobile applications using native, Flutter, and/or React Native
    Experience with Test-driven development
    Experience with devops
  
 What You Need for this Position

Full Stack
REACT
Elixir
NODE
ROR
JavaScript
Senior Software Engineer
Software Engineer
Node.js


    So, if you are a REMOTE-Full Stack- React-Elixir-Node-ROR-Javascript-REMOTE with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Jonathan Gilmor
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 


Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary

 At First American, your career growth and advancement is as important to us as it is to you. We are dedicated to assisting you with reaching your professional goals through internal promotion and transfer opportunities.  One of the tools the company makes available to you in managing your career, is First American’s Career Opportunity program. This program enables you to apply for any available positions either before or at the same time the position is advertised outside the company. Click here to read more about this program and ensure you meet the eligibility requirements.

 Company Summary
 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary
 We want an experienced software engineer who will take a technical leadership role in ensuring the quality of their squad’s technical output, both by directly contributing to the codebase and by collaborating directly with their team. Also ensure adherence to architecture standards, enforcing coding standards and guidelines.

 Responsibilities and Duties
 As a Technical Lead, you will work closely with the IT Application Manager, Architect, Product Manager and guide the team thru

 Design/ Re-Architect application in Azure and AWS platform line with Cloud Governance & Regulatory Compliance.
 Periodic review and addressing application and system vulnerabilities.
 Collaborate with internal Audit/InfoSec teams to ensure application meets all the mandated secure guidelines all the time.
 Design build & support a GIT/Jenkins-based CI/CD pipeline to enable automated deployment.
 Team coordination including design, development, and maintenance of software code.
 Performs Pull Requests, Code reviews for coding best practices and security requirements.
 Mentors team members as needed to help develop their skill sets.
 Collaborate with architect group in design sessions
 Be responsible for contributing to the actual codebase as an individual contributor
 Partner with Product Managers to produce delivery estimates and manage the transition from analysis through to design and delivery.
 Provide regular and effective progress updates to and work closely with management to communicate any delivery risks or issues.
 Coordinate production Releases
 Occasionally perform duties outside of normal work hours based on business needs


 Technology Stack

 An ideal candidate will have a demonstrable understanding and/or hands-on experience with most of the following technologies:

 7+ years of experience in Microsoft Work Loads Including Microsoft.NET (C#, .Net Framework, .Net Core) and SQL Server, including data modelling, indexing and basic performance considerations and writing stored procedures
 3+ years with .NET Core and thorough understanding of concepts such as dependency injection, asynchronous programming, RESTful APIs
 3+ years of experience in AWS Cloud: Gateway, EC2, ECS, Faregate using ECS, ECR, EC2 Container Service, S3, Elastic File System, Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda, RDS, Application Load Balancer, Docker, Step functions, SQS, Kinesis, SNS, EventHub, ElastiCache, Dynamo DB, CloudWatch, Secret Manager, VPC, Subnets, Security Groups, Transit gateways, Microservices
 3+ years of experience on Azure, ideally migrating on-prem applications to a cloud setting
 Strong understanding of unit testing and test-driven development. Should have prior experience in writing unit testcases using framework like Xunit.
 Prior experience in building CI/CD pipelines and working knowledge on terraform scripts.
 Experience working in GIT repository
 Experience working in a DevOps-focused environment previously with advanced understanding of DevOps principles as a big plus.
 Strong Agile experience working in Scrum and/or Kanban models.


 Qualifications and Skills

 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
 Proven leadership abilities.
 Constantly updating technical knowledge and skills and mentoring others to increase the skill level of the team
 Ability to convey technical and conceptual ideas/topics to non-technical personnel
 Good presentation skills
 Understanding of infrastructure design for complex enterprise level applications.
 Ability to communicate effectively with cross functional teams

 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience


 Typical Range of Experience

 7+ years of directly related experience
 Previous supervisory experience is must
 Experience working with distributed team is preferred


 *Remote candidates encouraged to apply*

 #LI-DS1
 #techreferral
 #TCORPIT

 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.


Position – Java AWS Developer
Location –( Plano, TX / NYC/ Columbus, OH)-
Total Experience – 8+ Years
Job description: 
Mandatory Skills:  Core Java, Spring, Kubernetes, AWS EKS.
Primary Skills: Java, AWS, Cloud Architecture and KubernetesSecondary Skills:  Terraform, Jenkins, Cloud Foundry, Dynatrace, Data log, Splunk
SS089565TV
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

SAP ABAP Developer
We are seeking an experienced individual for an SAP ABAP Developer position. The ideal candidate will be able to assist in the full systems life cycle and be responsible for design, coding, testing, implementation, maintenance, and support for SAP systems including integration with non-SAP applications.

The candidate will be expected to collaborate with Business analysts and Functional team members to ensure that business requirements are met through technically excellent solutions.
The candidate will be working on SAP implementations, supporting implemented SAP systems, and providing technical support for non-implementation SAP projects.
Develops code to extend/modify existing SAP functionality, and/or transforming data and processes from legacy systems into SAP.
Utilizes skills to accomplish all phases of application development for a given platform; continually works to increase the rate of completion, reliability, and complexity of development capabilities.
Adheres to department conventions and standards to develop applications and coding techniques that are easily understood and followed.
Performs testing of applications at system and unit levels
Responsible for maintenance tasks and emergency calls as needed.
Works with senior developers, analysts, and client personnel to understand business processes and the relationship between these processes and their associated computer systems.

Qualification and ability Requirements

Ability to quickly learn complex data structures and relationships in new applications and to document application design.
Excellent verbal/written communication and effective interpersonal skills to work with user community
Desire to expand knowledge of SAP applications & project management skills
Able to adapt and work effectively with a variety of situations, individuals, and technologies
Quick learner, ability to pick up technology and concepts quickly, strong design orientation, abstract thinking, understand design methodology, keeps an open mind & takes initiative
Ability to think big and offer solutions that go beyond written requirements

Skills Wanted from SAP ABAP Developer

Experience with SAP NetWeaver Gateway
Development of OData APIs
Experience with SAP HANA
HANA View Optimization and Performance techniques
Experience with other database platforms
SQL Server or ORACLE
BAPIs
BADIs
ALV Reports
Customer Transactions

Job Details

Long-term contract position located in Bloomington IL
Monday-Friday on-site Bloomington IL

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location











Company Description:
 myCOI is an early industry-leader in the insurance technology space providing an innovative SaaS solution for tracking, processing, and managing certificates of insurance. Our Purpose - Erase the Worry through The Work We Do – Eliminating the disruptive impact of an insurance claim. Based in Indianapolis, myCOI’s proven track record of national growth and success has impacted hundreds of customers who use our products and services ranging from Fortune 100, Higher Education, Construction, Logistics, Healthcare, Property Management, down to some of our local favorite sports teams. myCOI Central offers an easy-to-use, cloud-based solution to protect organizations and ensure end-to-end compliance. It’s smart technology that has our industry expertise built right in-designed to provide a single place to view COI’s, compliance, and risk reporting, for vendors, suppliers, tenants, subcontractors, franchisees, and carriers. myCOI’s channel partners, a great leadership team that is energetic, innovative, and goal-oriented; along with living our core values: Unite, Reach, Own It, Choose Positive and Innovate, drives our continued growth and success.
 We work hard to maintain an open, supportive culture that promotes the pursuit of excellence. As a member of our team, you’ll enjoy a competitive compensation package, great work-life balance and an innovative, supportive culture. We know that myCOI’s success derives from great teamwork and each individual’s exceptional results. Join us on our mission to disrupt, innovate, and lead the industry!
 Position Summary:
 This position is for a mid-level .NET developer looking for an opportunity to directly impact a rapidly growing company by advancing the SaaS product through innovation and use of full stack modern web development technologies. As a key member of our technical team, you will work closely with Senior Developers, and in-house stakeholders, to design and implement new product features that evolve and improve the established product. You will participate in modernizing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product that will provide intuitive end user adoption and a dynamic user experience. The role will assist in maintaining and improving upon the current product through enhancements and fixing defects. As a key contributor to our success, you will have an opportunity to thrive in an agile, entrepreneurial atmosphere on a diverse and experienced development team. Come thrive with a leader in the exciting, rapidly growing InsurTech industry! 

What Makes this a Great Opportunity:

 Represent a leading SaaS company with the most innovative technology in the industry and a 95% customer retention rate!
 Professional growth & learning opportunities due to exceptional continued business growth and a culture that strongly supports your own personal growth. 
Work for a 2021 Indy Star Top Workplaces winner and 2022 TechPoint #MiraAwards Exceptional Employer Award winner.
 Great work-life balance with a 4-day work week option, amazing company culture and comprehensive benefits (including 401k & Paternity Coverage)! 


Essential Responsibilities/What You Will Do: 

Work closely with senior developers and in-house subject matter experts to help design and implement well-defined product features.
 Under the guidance of senior developers, participate and take ownership in modernizing and advancing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product focused on quick user adoption and a great user experience
 Maintain, evolve and improve the established product by implementing enhancements and fixing defects

 
Travel Responsibilities: 

No travel required.

 Basic Qualifications/What You Bring to the Role:

 3+ years programming experience with .NET
 Understanding of .NET frameworks
 Well-versed in following technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, ASP.NET Web Forms (a plus), ASP.NET MVC, C#, Web API, Entity Framework, Microsoft SQL Server 2019 and above, Visual Studio 2019 and above
 Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Agile Methodologies
 Microsoft Azure DevOps
 REST based APIs
 Creativity and willingness to be open and share ideas
 OCR experience is a plus
 Willingness to work in a wide array of web, middle tier and database technologies

 
Educational Requirements:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related preferred, but not required

 
Compensation:

 Competitive compensation package

 Benefits:

 Medical
 401k
 HSA
 Dental
 Vision
 Short Term Disability Insurance
 Paternity and Maternity leave for expecting parents.
 Pet Insurance
 Life
 Paid Time Off (Holiday, Vacation, 8 hours community volunteer time)

 
Location:
 Remote
 
myCOI is an equal opportunity employer and does not unlawfully discriminate against any applicant or candidate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or any other class protected by federal or state law.
 Certificates of Insurance - Software as A Service - Compliance - Insurtech Certificate Review - Insurance Review - Compliance Review - Policy Review - Endorsement - Insurance Tracking - Commercial Insurance - Customer Care - Insurance - Client Success - Training - Technology 











PI177593134


Role : Sr Java Developer – Microservice API
Location Clinton NJ – Need to relocate after 2months 

Having 10+ years’ experience on Java/J2EE experience
Good Exp in Microservices
Good understanding on AWS Cloud Infrastructure
Very strong on Enterprise Integration background
Lead a team and engagement providing technical leadership
Knowledge of Amazon EKS and other cloud container services
Expertise in creation and consumption of SOAP & REST web services along with API gateways
Deep understanding of Java Design patterns, Anti-Patterns, Best Practices, and concepts on API Gateways, Service registry and discovery, Centralized Configuration, Centralized Logging, Message Tracing.
Strong understanding of TDD, BDD and automated unit, integration and acceptance testing
Excellent knowledge on CI/CD process, pipelines and Agile Engineering Practices
Excellent Knowledge on DevOps, Monitoring, Eventual Consistency and Event Sourcing
Deep expertise in Spring projects such as Spring Framework, Spring Boot and Spring Security
Hands-on experience on developing microservices with Spring Boot, Spring Cloud and Netflix OSS suite
Expertise in XML Transformation, XPATH, XSLT
Expertise in WebServices Standards and Specs (SOAP, XML, WS-Security)
Experience working with JMS, WMQ and Kafka
Familiarity with Agile Engineering Practices
Good understanding of Domain Driven Design
Good understanding of 12-factor and cloud-native application design is a plus
Very Strong on client handling skills

SS089565TV
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $75.00 - $78.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Back End Developers: 1 year (Preferred)
ASP.NET: 1 year (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



  FOR IMMEDIATE DETAILS about this position, please contact: 
  
 Recruiting Contacts:
   SUMIT KUMAR: 
  (714) 576-7031 // Sumit.Kumar@calance.com
   KIANA AREVALO: (469) 325-3712 // Karevalo@calance.com
   STEPHEN MINOR (760) 201-5329 // SMinor@calance.com
   MICHELL CASEY (949) 860-4715 // Mcasey@calance.com
  
 ****************************************************************************************************
   ****************************************************************************************************
  
 Position: Senior Java/API Developer
   JOB REF#: 39148
   Duration: 12+ Months (On-going Contract)
   Location: Plano, TX 75024 
   Rate: Open/Market Rate (C2C/W2)
  
 This role is 100% remote, but you need to be able to work CST.
  
 Senior Java/API/Webservice Developer will support cloud solutions, responsible for both design, architecture and coding.
  
 REQUIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCE
  

2+ years experience with API design, architecture and coding, having a Solutions Architect mentality
Experienced designing and developing API interfaces and file transfer with enterprise solution on a major cloud platform hosted by external vendor 
Strong ability to play the role as a solution architect and be able to assist/lead troubleshooting across multiple gateways and network channels. 
Savvy in database design and development, in working with corporate Data Lake, Data Warehouse, and Data Mart on a multiple tenant platform
Technically strong but with a keen sense of business focus
Experience with Java, Swagger, SQL, Web Services and Python scripting
EXCELLENT written and communcation skills
Able to work U.S. Central Time zone business work hours and potential extended work hours supporting implementation/production issues as needed

 Desired:
  

Experience working with Alfa Solutions
Strong knowledge of Java, Spring Boot, JSON, XML, Jenkins, Git, DevOps, RDBMS, NoSQL.
Define API interfaces for REST services

 CALANCE Offerings:
  

Open enrollment of Medical/Dental/Vision benefits
401K Retirement program
Paid Bi-Weekly/Direct Deposit
Flex Spending Plan
Voluntary Life, AD&D, STD or LTD plans



Location: REMOTE
Description: Our client is currently seeking a Mid-Level Java Developer. 100% remote working EST hours.
US Citizenship and Covid19 Vaccination Required.
For immediate consideration, email your resume to Devon Owen at dowen@judge.com.
Our software developers are innovative thinkers who can solve technical challenges with creativity and perseverance. They are experienced with full life cycle Java development, have a deep understanding of JavaScript and a strong knowledge of SQL. Our developers are comfortable working hand in hand with the systems stakeholders in an Agile environment with frequent and rapid sprints.

Responsibilities:Work as part of a fast-paced team to perform object-oriented application development using low-code or COTS products as the foundation.Analyze functional requirements and troubleshoot application code issues utilizing a variety of tools and technologiesWork closely with other developers and quality assurance engineers to create fixes and enhancements to applications.Deliver high-quality software that will delight and astound our customersCommunicate technical and non-technical information clearly, answer technical questions from customers, and be able provide efficient technical solutions to problems.Responsibilities also include writing technical documentation following company standards and methodology.Write reports with iReport toolkit, write custom JSP pages.

Required Basic Qualifications:3+ years of experience programming in SQL, Java, and JavaScript.2+ years of experience with Web Application and Relational Database (SQL Server, Oracle), experience with and functionalUnderstanding of database structure.Understanding of J2EE Architecture (JBoss, Apache, Tomcat, etc.) and deployment procedures.2+ years Testing/Quality Control experience.Prior experience answering technical questions from customers, writing corresponding technical documentation.US Citizen, willing and able to undergo a U.S. Government background investigation

Desired skills:Excellent verbal and written communication skills.Prior experience with workflow or data transaction solutions preferred.Prior experience with Case Management platforms (i.e. Salesforce, entellitrak, Service Now, etc.)

Contact: dowen@judge.com
This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com

JOB DESCRIPTION
OVERVIEW
Software Developer lead will provide leadership for developing/implementing information technology initiatives that enable the organization to manage data. Directs the planning and implementation of enterprise IT systems in support of business operations to improve cost effectiveness, service quality, and business development. 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES

Lead projects as they relate to the selection, acquisition, development, and installation of major information systems. Will also lead remote teams, offshore teams
In depth understanding on object-oriented programming. In depth understanding and expertise on Agile development
In depth understanding on the concept of relational database design/programming.
Able to perform system requirement analysis and documentation, as well as code, test, and debug system applications.
Able to review others’ code to check if it works as designed/follows standard.
Ability to provide estimations and timelines and deliver against set expectations
Understand and follow software development process and software development life cycle.
Good communication skills (verbal and written).
Team player who contributes to success of the department and company.
Conform with and abide by all regulations/laws, policies, work procedures and instructions.
Respond promptly when returning telephone calls and replying to correspondence and faxes. 
    
Exceptionally self-motivated directed and desire for personal growth.
Keen attention to detail. Exceptional service orientation.
Ability to motivate in a team-oriented collaborative environment.

Responsible for participating in quality assurance, compliance and in-service and continuing education activities as requested by Company.
Responsible for performing other duties and responsibilities as required.
Experience with systems design and development from business requirements analysis through to day-to-day management.
Proven experience in IT planning, organization, and development.

Education/Experience



BS/BA in computer science, or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 7+ years of varied development experiences 
Minimum of 2 years at management level.
6-10 years’ experience with one or more of the following technologies: SQL Server 2016, Angular 8, .NET Core 5.0, C#, HTML, JavaScript, Microsoft .NET Framework
Excellent leadership and team development skills.





 Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer (PERM Direct Hire) - Multiple positions in Sioux Falls, South Dakota Work with new technologies in a Lead capacity! Work with awesome perks and have the ability to bring in cutting edge technologies! Full time salaried position up to 120K What You Will Be Doing : Opportunity to work without micro-management, an opportunity to take a lead on projects and be a valued contributor of the team! Join a team with extremely positive leadership who is invested in their people! This Java Lead Developer / Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer This is a great position and a chance to challenge your skills and work on a growing team of web application developers. Are you looking for an organization where you can have some of the best perks in the area, and work for a top rated company where almost NOTHING NEGATIVE is ever said about them? Full-time salaried position up to $120,000. If you know of anyone who you would recommend for this opportunity or others, referral bonuses paid upon placement of the referral! Confidentiality maintained! Full time direct hire Java Lead Developer / Full Stack Developer position up to 120K. If you are interested, confidentially inquire for more details! This is an opportunity to do new development in a very positive environment where your work will make an immediate difference on a team who is known for their collaboration, engagement, and high performance. This is the type of company you can work for long-term, and You Will Want To! What You Will Need: • 2+ years of Java Development experience. • Front end Java Development experience! JavaScript or Angular experience! • Java Web Services What You Will Be Doing: • Working on web services projects. For immediate and confidential consideration on this Permanent FTE position or other direct hire FTE Java Developer! This position can be in Sioux Falls, SD or in Des Moines, IA. This is a Direct hire permanent position with one of our local client companies. For immediate and confidential consideration on this Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer, salary up to 120K. It is best to contact me directly, Carrie Danger, SVP/Technology Permanent Placement Team, Iowa Region at Office: 
 515-282-6876 or Cell: 515-991-0863, and email resume CONFIDENTIALLY & directly to me. Please find my email address / contact Information on my LinkedIN profile. You may also ONE CLICK APPLY on our Robert Half Website. 
 

REQUIREMENTS: • Java Development • JavaScript / Angular * 2 year or 4 year degree is Preferred (Prefer Computer Science or similar) * This position can be in Sioux Falls, SD or in Des Moines, Iowa • No Third Party Inquiries Please. No must be eligible to work in the U.S. provided! You must be in Iowa in order to work remote for this company. OR have a reason to want to relocate to Iowa. • For immediate consideration, please contact Carrie Danger on my LinkedIN profile For immediate and confidential consideration on this Full Stack Developer / Front End Developer, salary up to 120K. It is best to contact me directly, Carrie Danger, SVP/Technology Permanent Placement Team, Iowa Region at Office: 
 515-282-6876 or Cell: 515-991-0863, and email resume CONFIDENTIALLY & directly to me. Please find my email address / contact Information on my LinkedIN profile. You may also ONE CLICK APPLY on our Robert Half Website. 
 
 Technology Doesn't Change the World, People Do.® 
 
 Robert Half is the world’s first and largest specialized talent solutions firm that connects highly qualified job seekers to opportunities at great companies. We offer contract, temporary and permanent placement solutions for finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal, and administrative and customer support roles. 
 
 Robert Half puts you in the best position to succeed by advocating on your behalf and promoting you to employers. We provide access to top jobs, competitive compensation and benefits, and free online training. Stay on top of every opportunity – even on the go. Download the Robert Half app and get 1-tap apply, instant notifications for AI-matched jobs, and more. 
 
 Questions? Call your local office at 1.888.490.4429. Robert Half will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. Benefits are available to temporary professionals. Visit https://roberthalf.gobenefits.net/ for more information. 
 
 © 2022 Robert Half. An Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking “Apply Now,” you’re agreeing to Robert Half’s Terms of Use .

 1 year contract 
 Remote 
 Hiring Requirements/Qualifications 
 
 Education/Experience 
 

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or mathematics OR Associate’s degree specifically in computer science field.
5 years development experience.
With no degree, 7 years experience required.
Experience working with vendors for effective solution delivery.

Required Skills:


Enterprise Java Development – min 5yr
SQL/NoSQL – min 5yr
REST API Development using JSON – min 3yr
Angular/Vue – min 2yr
Spring Framework – min 2yr
CI/CD Basic Concepts – min 1yr
Public Cloud Basic Concepts – min 1yr

Additional Skills:


DB2/Oracle Stored Procedures
Public Cloud Implementations
CI/CD Hand-on Implementations
Health insurance domain knowledge
 Soft Skills/Abilities 
 

Ability to apply seasoned judgment to facilitate informed decision making in difficult situations.
Strong relationship management skills to facilitate effective working relationships with vendors.
Ability to manage and/or participate in projects and ensure work is completed on time with high quality
Must be self directed with proven initiative.
Focused on continuous learning with solid problem solving skills.
Ability to interview with a focus on fact finding and discovery
Ability to assimilate factual data pursuant to formulating a conclusion
Process and logic oriented
Effective verbal or written communication skills
Excellent time-management skills.
Ability to be self-disciplined, flexible and adaptable
Ability to work effectively as part of a team
Comfortable providing recommendations and status updates on a regular basis
Highly organized with the ability to work in an environment where the ability to effectively multi-task is often needed



  Senior Web Application Developer - REMOTE 
  
   We specialize in providing Wholesale, Targeted Email Marketing services with the most seasoned and forward thinking marketing experts in the industry. We achieve marketing success by providing fresh and responsive data through proprietary delivery methods that target and REACH customers to new and familiar brands alike, launching your brand to the next level.
   
 We are looking for a developer to join our company, someone who enjoys a good challenge, and taking an application to the next level. You would join one of our existing development teams, working on new features to our existing products, and help with our plans of taking our applications forward into the world of DevOps.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Developing new functionality within our software applications to meet our customer and internal needs, based on tickets.
Performing development, integration, test and documentation duties of the work, to ensure transparency in the work, and completion of tickets to be worked on for the Sprint Goal.
Ensure that the application meets performance standards for stability and resource utilization.
Write clean code that follows best practices and the team's standards.
Follow the accepted standards for developers that include writing unit tests, performing peer code reviews, design reviews with the team, and determining test plans.
Work as part of a Scrum or Kanban team on a project, and will be actively involved in our process.
Attend our Sprint Planning Meetings, as we work to determine the work we will commit to in our next sprint.
Be part of the Daily Scrums as we "Walk the Board" to determine our progress for the next 24 hours.
Work with the team to determine estimates for Product Backlog Refinement.
Communicate and work with the team as issues arise.
Ability to multitask and prioritize multiple incoming requests.

 The above is a list of the responsibilities that best represents our working conditions today. The job responsibilities can change over time as we adapt to changes needed by the business and our software development process.
   What You Need for this Position

    3+ years of professional development experience and knowledge of:
   

PHP
Angular
Laravel
MySQL

 Pluses:
   

AWS
VueJS
Docker or Kubernetes


 What's In It for You

    Competitive base salary ($110,000-$140,000/year) and overall compensation package
   

Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance
Voluntary Life Insurance and AD&D
Voluntary Long-Term Disability Insurance
Domestic Partner Benefits
Flexible Spending Account (Medical & Dependent Care)
Birthing, Recovery , and Bonding Leave 100% Employer Paid
Unlimited Paid Time Off
Paid Holidays
401k Plan Option
Monthly Employee Awards & Recognition
Company Sponsored Team Events



    So, if this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you!
   
 Either:
    1. Apply directly to this job opening here!
   
 Or
   
 2. E-mail directly for more information to patrick.solano@cybercoders.com
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Patrick Solano
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 







Relatient is a leading provider of integrated messaging solutions for practices, hospitals and health care systems. We take a patient-centered approach to engagement, utilizing the power of real-time clinical data to deliver timely messages between patients and their care providers. Ranked as the 2020 Klas Category Leader in Patient Engagement, named one of Deloitte’s Technology Fast 500 for 2018 & 2019, and a 2019 Red Herring Top 100 winner, Relatient is changing the way healthcare providers engage with their patients.
 
On August 5, 2021, Relatient announced the signing of a definitive agreement to merge with Radix Health while also raising $100+ million of additional growth equity capital from its existing investor, Brighton Park Capital and its affiliates. Through the merger, Relatient will add Radix Health’s suite of cutting-edge, enterprise-grade patient access solutions to its existing platform to continue to optimize provider schedules, increase patient satisfaction and improve outcomes for healthcare organizations.
 
We are looking for a talented Senior Software Engineer to join our dynamic team in building platform solutions that integrate with Enterprise Health Care systems. We expect an engineer who will work hard, keep up in a fast-paced start up environment, and have fun! If you are looking to be challenged daily, make a huge impact and help define the future of patient engagement, we would love to have you join our team!
 The Ideal Candidate

 Is a problem solver
 Possess excellent design and coding skills and a zeal for building applications using open source frameworks for cloud native technologies.
 Is responsible for all aspects of SDLC of existing and new components
 Is comfortable building UIs using modern frameworks (Angular 4+ with Typescript, React, Vue.js), CSS/SCSS and HTML, backend microservices with Node.js or PHP, and relational and NoSQL databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, MongoDB) with full ownership of shipping user-facing enterprise products
 Is focused on the customer and the details that make their experience exceptional
 Encourages innovation, implementation of cutting-edge technologies, outside-of-the-box thinking, teamwork, and self-organization
 Collaborates with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in a full-stack development tools and technologies
 Possess a strong sense of engineering quality and takes pride in the code they’re responsible for while defining best practices as our teams abide by a You Build It, You Own It attitude

 Responsibilities

 Build resilient, secure, and scalable UI/UX, APIs, and Microservices using latest technologies
 Perform engineering activities for performance tuning and deep monitoring of applications and services
 Work with business partners, architects, and other groups to identify technical and functional needs of the system, determine the priority of work, and ensure integrated end-to-end design and delivery
 Leverage DevOps practices for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment
 Occasional travel up to 10% is required




 Requirements


 Bachelor’s Degree or relevant work experience
 5+ years of experience in a software engineering role
 3+ years of experience with HTML/CSS
 3+ years of experience developing RESTful APIs
 3+ years of experience using Angular 2+
 3+ years of experience with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
 2+ years of experience working in an Agile development environment
 2+ years of experience in Application Development using Node.js, JavaScript or TypeScript
 Previous experience with testing frameworks and Quality Assurance technologies: ATDD, Selenium, Webdriver.io, Jasmine, Karma, Mocha, Chai, Sinon, PHPUnit, Postman
 Previous experience with GitLab, Nexus, and Dockerhub
 Previous experience in one of the following Cloud technologies: AWS, Docker, Terraform
 Previous experience with container orchestration frameworks: Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, or Amazon ECS/EKS is a plus
 Previous experience with PHP or porting PHP to Node.js is a plus

 About Relatient
 
Relatient, Inc., the 2020 KLAS Category Leader in Patient Outreach, is a SaaS-based patient engagement company that utilizes a mobile-first approach to improving patient and provider communication. On behalf of U.S. medical practices and health systems, Relatient engaged patients with more than 200 million messages in 2020 with their digital platform that integrates with over 85 practice management systems and electronic health databases. Relatient’s patient messaging, self-scheduling, digital registration and billing solutions drive operational efficiency, new appointments and reviews, reduce no-shows, speed patient payments, and improve patient satisfaction, all while supporting health and care quality initiatives. For more information, visit http://www.relatient.com.
  Our team consists of smart, driven, and creative people who are motivated to impact the way in which healthcare providers engage with their patients. Our platform takes a patient-centered approach to engagement, utilizing the power of real-time clinical data to deliver timely messages between patients and their care providers.
  
What We Offer

 Base salary plus incentives
 Medical, dental, and vision insurance
 Employer HSA match contribution
 Employer paid Life Insurance
 100% employer paid long-term disability insurance
 401k1
 Generous PTO policy plus 10 paid holidays
 Perks such as an annual employee awards banquet, holiday parties, monthly lunches, bottomless snacks and coffee
 Casual culture with approachable leadership
 Great office environments located in historic Franklin, TN.

 Learn more about our company at www.relatient.net
 Relatient is an equal employment opportunity employer.
 #LI-Remote
 #LI-AM1







PI178338404


At Generac, our people help make the world safer, brighter, and more productive. We are united by our efforts to inspire change for a better world; impact our people and community; influence and achieve positive results; and innovate the industry. Our shared goals allow people with diverse backgrounds and points of view to work together, bringing our global customers peace of mind through reliable products and exceptional support.
Why Generac?

Competitive PTO + Holiday Package
Hybrid/Flexible work from home options and or remote work
State of the art facility with access to onsite gym, cafe + nature preserve
Opportunity to work on high level technology solutions + work on digital solutions

You’ll be a critical member of our software product team developing iPhone, Android and web apps that will enable IoT devices. This isn’t an average position where you might be restricted to one small piece of the applications existing technology but the opportunity to create engaging software as part of a commercial product.
You’ll need to be advanced in mobile device API’s, web technologies, hosting infrastructures, and design patterns. Working closely with the application architect you be responsible for the on-time delivery of functionality contained within the sprint, assist with backlog grooming, perform development activities, drive continuous integration/build, automated unit testing, design standards and agile development best practices.This position is expected to be able to breakdown highly technical challenges and act as a technical leader in support of mentoring junior software developers on the team.

Write code to develop new applications and enhancements to existing web and mobile applications using best practice design patterns to ensure robust scalability
Ensure compatibility and interoperability of the product API with external API consumers
Implement application designs that meet market needs and are easily extended with evolving business needs
Review project ideas and provide technology input, prescribing appropriate application solutions which balance business requirements with Generac's technology standards to arrive at the optimal solution
Maintain technical expertise in emerging technical trends

Minimal Qualifications:

Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience
5 years' experience in commercial software development in one or more of the following roles: Software Developer, Software Engineer, Systems Analyst, or equivalent
Prior experience leading or mentoring technical employees
Prior development experience including: web, API, database, cloud, and mobile applications
Experience building code using .NET stack
Experience in event-based systems, micro services, JS UI frameworks, and unit testing
Data modeling experience

Preferred Qualifications:

Xamarin
react native
Ionic
Vue.js

Knowledge & Skills:

Proficient understanding of secure coding practices
Ability to utilize OpenID (OIDC) and/or OAuth2 authentication flows
Prior use of CI/CD principles
Advanced knowledge of application development
Ability to work as part of large implementation team that executes in agile fashion
Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal skills
Strong attention to detail and time management skills

Physical demands: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk and hear; and use hands to manipulate objects or controls. The employee is regularly required to stand and walk. On occasion the incumbent may be required to stoop, bend or reach above the shoulders. The employee must occasionally lift up to 25 pounds. Specific conditions of this job include are typical of frequent and continuous computer-based work requiring periods of sitting, close vision and ability to adjust focus. Occasional travel.
“We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.”
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Preferred)
React Native: 3 years (Preferred)
Xamarin: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Role: Oracle PL/SQL developer with SEI exp
Location: New York/East coast
Experience: 8+ years
Job Description: 

8+ years of relevant experience and skilled in – Oracle PL/SQL and Microsoft SQL programming with hands on in Cloud environment - preferably Azure
Expertise on Oracle PL/SQL programming
Expert level knowledge in SEI SWP platform is must
Hands on experience of SEI SWP platform migration
Hands on experience of AIX platform
Experienced in SQL performance tuning and troubleshooting
Experience in Agile/Scrum based project executions

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $50.00 - $55.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Oracle PL/SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
SEI: 1 year (Preferred)
Extension integration: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 7207410204

 Our client is an expert in the world of Vlocity! Therefore they are looking to keep up with demand and hire a contract Senior Salesforce / Vlocity Developer. You can be based remotely in the USA. 
 

Applicants for the Vlocity role should possess :
 Degree 
 
 6 years+ Salesforce 
 
 2 years+ Vlocity - DPA, OmniStudio - VLOCITY IS ESSENTIAL FOR THIS ROLE. DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DO NOT HAVE VLOCITY EXPERIENCE. 
 
 Lightning, Apex, Visualforce 
 
 Salesforce/Vlocity certified 
 
 Sales, service cloud 
 
 The Developer will get involved in development, Lightning, integration, analysis, design, documentation and planning. 
 
 Rate - Negotiable 
 
 For all our Salesforce roles please view our website on www.platform-6.com or call 
 +1 315 277 3100

 Platform 6 Ltd is an international leader in Cloud and Technology Talent who specialise in Salesforce.com recruitment within North America, Europe and the UK. 
 
 We provide Salesforce.com recruitment services to a wide variety of companies from Consultancies to partners to end users on a permanent, contract and contract to hire basis, working across numerous Salesforce roles such as an Administrator, Developer, Consultant, Integration expert, Implementation specialist, Business Analyst, Project Manager, Program Manager, Tester, Architect, CRM Manager/Director, Trainer/Instructor, Sales, Marketing Automation expert, Technical Lead and many more. 
 
 INDHP


THE ROLE
 The Software Engineer Ill requires a solid understanding of software engineering methodologies. As our newly hired Software Engineer, you will play a key role in developing APl's for our platform in our AWS environment. You will focus on Restful API development and back-end engineering while integrating multiple products into the Archtics platform. You will also help to advance our technical modernization agenda by working closely with our partner and architecture Tech teams.
 
We believe in solving complex issues through collaboration and teamwork, so being a team player is a key characteristic that we look for in our engineers.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES

 You'll be developing, fixing, debugging, and testing back-end APl's using Java as the primary software language.
 You will be working with a team of senior engineers and architects implementing application design into functional code.
 You will be writing TDD's and BDD's supporting our automation goal of ensuring code quality above 80%. Automation is key!
 You'll be generating or updating documentation that describes the end to end system flow and visually conceptualizes system architectures and entity relationships.
 You'll be working closely with product and program managers to understand requirements and advance our agile development practices. Communication is a major aspect of this role.

 
REQUIREMENTS

 A minimum of a Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline (CS, MS)
 3 or more years of direct experience in Java service development
 Experience with developing RESTful APls
 Experience deploying code using Cl/CD pipelines
 Practical experience in web development; HTTP, Javascript, Spring, etc.
 Experience with TDD/BDD tools such as Cucumber, JUnit, etc.
 Experience with open source development tools (Maven, GIT)
 Understanding of SOL
 Comfortable in Agile, Kanban, or similar modern development environments




  Java Spring Boot Developer 
  
Job Title: Java Spring Boot Developer
   
Job Location: Remote 
   
Job Salary: $140k-$160k/yr + Bonus + Stock + Benefits
   
Requirements: Java, Spring Boot, AWS, Docker
   
 Based in the San Diego area, we are a global leader in cloud treasury and finance solutions. We provide award-winning solutions for cash and risk-management, payment, and supply chain finance. Due to growth we are seeking a Java Spring Boot Developer who has 3+ years of experience with Java, Spring Boot, AWS, and Docker. Experience with Restful Services, Swagger, OpenAPI, SQL, Git, Gradle, Jira, and Confluence would be a huge plus but not a must have skill.
   
 If you are a Java Spring Boot Developer with experience, please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    You will be responsible for designing and developing software solutions, implement unit and integration tests, and troubleshoot issues.
  
 What You Need for this Position

 Must Have Skills: 

 1.) 3+ years of software development experience
    2.) Experience with Java, Spring Boot, Spring Framework
    3.) Experience with AWS or Docker
    4.) Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field
   

Nice to have skills: 

 1.) Experience designing and developing Restful Services 
    2.) Experience with Swagger or OpenAPI
    3.) Knowledge of SQL
    4.) Experience with Git, Gradle, Jira, IntelliJ, or Confluence
  
 What's In It for You

    We are a teach leader that values our employees, if hired, you will be rewarded with an offer that will include:
   
 1.) $140k -$160k Salary + Bonus
    2.) Stock Options
    3.) 401k
    4.) Benefits
    5.) Work/Life Balance
    6.) Fully Remote
  

    So, if you are a Java Spring Boot Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Gino Tunzi
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Lead Game Designer 
  
   If you are a Lead Game Designer with experience, please read on! Were building a Metaverse Building Platform. Our project is groundbreaking . Our founding team brings in experience from SpaceX, university-level software development teaching, multiple Founders Fund portfolio work, and being a captain in the army. We have some of the best investors in the world: This will require tons of work form a highly-motivated. and driven individual, but it will all be handsomely rewarded.
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Remote
Competitive Salary
Excellent company culture
401k
Full medical benefits

 What You Will Be Doing

    Primary: Fork and extend an existing game engine in C++. We're looking for a tech lead and/or senior-level engineer to spearhead building our own engine based off of, and enhancing, an existing community open-source engine with also contributing to the open-source work of it.
   
 " Works with other engineers to architect and develop game systems: 3D rendering, client-server networking, integration with backend services via Websockets, WebRTC, and UDP, game state persistence, real-time multiplayer game sync, and more
  
 What You Need for this Position

Strong C++ experience
Strong game engine development experience in 3D (3D is a must) 
No degree required if candidate has strong game development experience. 10+ years needed for lead role, 5+ for senior



C++
Game Design
Game Development
Unity3d
GoDot
Unreal
Video Games
GDScript
GodotEngine


    So, if you are a Lead Game Designer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Noah Helfend
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 



  · . The primary purpose of this job is to lead and be responsible for designing, implementing, supporting, and monitoring emerging cloud environments. This position is a key resource for the implementation strategies in the cloud while driving cloud initiative in high performance grid computing and managing a scalable, continuous-integration architecture.
  
 Responsibilities
  
 Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. This is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of job duties and the position will perform other duties as assigned. 
  

Design, implement and maintain cloud-based services and solutions (AWS/Azure)
Provide technical vision for cloud technologies, and customized solutions to address complex environments.
Responsible for the integration of cloud technologies- IaaS, PaaS and Enterprise tools such as services, monitoring, logging and other development tools.
Collaborate with Cyber Security team in periodic reviews of the cloud security in order to implement strong security practices.
Use current or new tools to monitor environment including CloudWatch, CloudTrail and other services monitoring tools.
Create and maintain AWS networking: VPC, Subnets, Security Groups, VPN, Peer-to-Peer, NAT, Gateways, load balancers, IP-tables, Transit Gateways, Security Groups and ACL's
Write Cloud formation or Terraform scripts for Infrastructure as Code
Perform AWS Identity Access Management tasks including user accounts, roles and policies management
Responsible for stability, integrity and efficiency of the infrastructure and information systems that support core functions of the business.
Accountable for providing escalation support to troubleshoot and maintain production infrastructure and to resolve production issues and outages.
Participate in the planning and design of an enterprise Business Continuity Plan and Disaster Recovery Plan.
Comply with Incident Management and Change Management procedures and reporting practices.
Maintain up-to-date detailed knowledge of the IT industry as it relates to the technologies identified as primary responsibilities including awareness of new or revised solutions and improved processes.
Develop and maintain up-to-date baselines for the secure configuration and operations of all inplace systems.
Assist junior staff in researching technical problems and complex designs in order to develop staff capabilities.
Participate in on-call 24x7 support as needed in the event of system outage or failure. 

 Qualifications
   Equivalent combination of education and experience is considered.
  

Bachelor’s Degree in related field is required. 
In lieu of a degree, combination of education and a minimum of ten (10) years of related work experience is required that provides the necessary skills and knowledge to perform all the essential job functions.
Minimum five (5) years hands-on experience in the design, development, and implementation in AWS cloud environment (VPC, IAM, AMI, S3, EC2, ELB, RDS, SQS, SNS, Route53 etc.) is required.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience in Linux systems administration. Understand AWS/Azure architectural best practices as well as experience in the use of programming/Scripting languages and Cloud Security.
Experience with DevOps tools and API Gateways (Apigee, MuleSoft) is a plus
Experience deploying and supporting medium to large IaaS, PaaS environments
Strong understanding of Network, Compute, Storage, Cloud and End-User technologies
Strong understanding of System design and integration with a thorough familiarity with multitiered application architecture and public, private, and hybrid cloud technologies.
Strong interpersonal, problem solving and multi-tasking skills desired.
Must be able to present system designs for user approval at formal reviews.
Strong problem solving and analytic skills.
Strong communication, documentation, and time management skills.
 Supervisory Responsibility
   This position will not supervise employees.
   Licenses and Certifications
   AWS: One or more Associate and Professional certifications are required
 


RESPONSIBILITIES:
 Kforce has a client in Atlanta, GA that is seeking a fully remote Senior Java Developer to join their team. 
 

Summary:
 This group supports the companies .COM and handles all the orders that are made from the .COM to in store pickup. Currently they are working on moving components out of sterling and into PCF/GCP. They are also working on adding more features to help distinguish different types of purchase orders/returns for different types of products. The tech stack is all Java 11, Spring boot, Cassandra, Kafka, and GCP/PCF. 
 

REQUIREMENTS:


7+ years of Java experience
Strong background with Java and Spring Boot; This team is all backend development building microservices from scratch
Java 11 knowledge a plus (Java 8 required)
Spring 5.2
Spring Boot 2.2 framework
Heavy messaging experience (Kafka)
Databases - (Oracle, Cassandra, Elastic Search, Redis)
Some form of cloud (Using GCP)
Lead experience is a plus
 Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Duration: 6 months contract w/ extensionLocation: 100% remote
Duties and Responsibilities

Full stack development including a leadership role, such as leading the scrum team in the design, development, testing, maintenance and enhancement of applications written in high level languages (C#, AngularJS, T-SQL) with limited guidance from a manager or a software architect.
Primary coding and development for a minimum of 50% of time.
Mentor developers and provide them with technical oversight.
Work closely with the Product Owner to ensure product backlog is groomed to enable successful implementation by scrum team.
Work with peer technical leaders to ensure the product architecture is cohesive and adhering to required functional and non-functional requirements like performance, scalability and security.
Research and analyze new technologies and frameworks to adopt and integrate into the solution.
Author and review artifacts from all phases – use cases, estimates, high-level designs, low-level designs, code, test cases – to make sure they meet requirements.
Perform gap analysis on current solutions to determine areas of improvement as needed.
Lead by example and ensure development standards and processes are followed across team.
Identify complex issues in a timely manner and provide mitigation recommendations.
Communicate as needed with Project Managers, other engineers, Product Owners, and Product Managers to communicate architectural vision for the product.
In addition to writing code to accomplish stories assigned to you, you will assume software quality responsibility through the creation of solid testing plans, execute and report on the test results.
Work with cross-functional teams such as Professional Services, Support and Sales to resolve production issues for clients.
Create and maintain Azure DevOps Builds and Releases.
A good understanding of common merge strategies practiced in both TFS and GIT source control repositories.

Skills and Experience
Required

Within the last three years has held a position performing Essential Functions above.
10+ years of experience developing with an object-oriented language.
5+ years of experience developing with C#.
5+ years of experience in full stack development.
3+ years of experience as an architect or team lead.
Knowledge of Web APIs based Web Service development.
Experience developing responsive and accessible web applications with associated technologies: HTML, Bootstrap, AngularJS, XML, JSON, etc.
Experience with unit testing and related frameworks such as MOQ, NUnit, Jasmine.
Experience with dependency injection and related frameworks such as Unity or AutoFac.
Experience with ORM frameworks such as Entity.
Thoroughly knowledgeable with all aspects of software development lifecycles.
Demonstrated supervisory/leadership skills.
Excellent communication skills, interpersonal skills, including mentoring and performance feedback.

Preferred: 

Experience working with .NET Core.
Experience developing cloud native applications on Microsoft Azure.
Experience working in fast pace Agile environment.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $100.00 - $110.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

azure: 1 year (Required)
ASP.NET: 5 years (Preferred)
Angular: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
A career in Products and Technology is an opportunity to bring PwC's strategy to life by driving products and technology into everything we deliver. Our clients expect us to bring the right people and the right technology to solve their biggest problems; Products and Technology is here to help PwC meet that challenge and accelerate the growth of our business. We have skilled technologists, data scientists, product managers and business strategists who are using technology to accelerate change.


Our team plans, designs and implements the architectural vision for Infrastructure supporting the firm. Additionally, we support/troubleshoot issues related to the design and implementation of Infrastructure solutions.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Additional Educational Requirements:
In lieu of a Bachelor Degree, 12 years of professional experience involving technology-focused process improvements, transformations, and/or system implementations.
Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Master Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering, Computer Programming, Computer Systems Analysis, Computer Management, Management Information Systems, Management of Technology, Business Application Programming, Engineering

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Performing as a team member to generate a vision, establishing direction, motivating members, creating an atmosphere of trust, leveraging diverse views, coaching staff, and encouraging improvement and innovation;
Performing enterprise systems design, application scaling, performance evaluation, and architecture refinement;
Demonstrating experience with .NET/ Java, SPA (React/Angular), Javascript, NodeJS, Scala based platforms, open source tooling, MS and / or AWS cloud solutions;
Executing NoSQL database models, XML, relational and other database models and associated SQL;
Applying Natural Language Processing, Named Entity Recognition, Machine Learning and general unstructured data analytics; and,
Applying full stack development with comfort and familiarity of continuous integration tooling such as Docker, Jenkins/ Azure DevOps, Chef, and Puppet.
Demonstrating thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in:
Building enterprise or consumer products that scale;
Creating design documentation, assisting in project planning, and leading staff in the development of complex systems;
Applying algorithm optimization, system security, and distributed computing;
Building and orchestrating microservices across a distributed enterprise cloud architecture built for scalability and performance;
Performing code reviews for backend business services and assist in front end UI efforts; and,
Evaluating and selecting open source tools based on industry experience and familiarity with the open source community.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote








Company Description:
 myCOI is an early industry-leader in the insurance technology space providing an innovative SaaS solution for tracking, processing, and managing certificates of insurance. Our Purpose - Erase the Worry through The Work We Do – Eliminating the disruptive impact of an insurance claim. Based in Indianapolis, myCOI’s proven track record of national growth and success has impacted hundreds of customers who use our products and services ranging from Fortune 100, Higher Education, Construction, Logistics, Healthcare, Property Management, down to some of our local favorite sports teams. myCOI Central offers an easy-to-use, cloud-based solution to protect organizations and ensure end-to-end compliance. It’s smart technology that has our industry expertise built right in-designed to provide a single place to view COI’s, compliance, and risk reporting, for vendors, suppliers, tenants, subcontractors, franchisees, and carriers. myCOI’s channel partners, a great leadership team that is energetic, innovative, and goal-oriented; along with living our core values: Unite, Reach, Own It, Choose Positive and Innovate, drives our continued growth and success.
 We work hard to maintain an open, supportive culture that promotes the pursuit of excellence. As a member of our team, you’ll enjoy a competitive compensation package, great work-life balance and an innovative, supportive culture. We know that myCOI’s success derives from great teamwork and each individual’s exceptional results. Join us on our mission to disrupt, innovate, and lead the industry!
 Position Summary:
 The Senior.NET Developer role is for a senior-level Developer who will work closely with Senior Developers, and in-house stakeholders, to design and implement new product features that evolve and improve the established product. As a key member of our technical team, you will participate and take ownership in modernizing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product that will provide intuitive end user adoption and a dynamic user experience. The role will assist in maintaining and improving upon the current product through enhancements and fixing defects. The Senior.Net Developer will directly impact a rapidly growing company by advancing the product through innovation and use of full stack modern web development technologies. As a key contributor to our success, you will thrive in an agile, entrepreneurial atmosphere on a diverse and experienced development team. Come thrive with a leader in the exciting, rapidly growing InsurTech industry! 
What Makes this a Great Opportunity:

 Represent a leading SaaS company with the most innovative technology in the industry and a 95% customer retention rate
 Work for a 2021 Indy Star Top Workplaces winner and 2021 TechPoint #MiraAwards Exceptional Employer Award nominee. 
          
Great work-life balance, company culture and benefits (including 401k & Paternity leave).

 Ability to inspire and transform by enhancing our products with more innovation and automation to positively disrupt the industry and further protect our customers.
 Work on a highly skilled technical development team that is collaborative, innovative, and strategic.
 Work on a truly modern product that is transforming the InsurTech industry.
 Work with supportive leadership and with co-workers focused on helping you succeed.
 Professional growth & learning opportunities 
Great work-life balance, company culture and 4-day workweek option

 Essential Responsibilities: 

Work closely with Senior Developers and in-house subject matter experts to help design and implement well-defined product features
 Under the guidance of Senior Developers, participate and take ownership in modernizing and advancing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product focused on quick user adoption and a great user experience
 Maintain, evolve, and improve the established product by implementing enhancements and fixing defects
 Utilization of the latest selected technology stack in your day to day development activities
 Takes initiative and is passionate about learning new technology 
Ability to work collaboratively and communicate open and honestly with team members
 Participate in update meetings that focus on daily workflows, enhancements, and technologies
 Other duties as assigned

 Travel Responsibilities:

 Minimal travel for learning and development opportunities when travel restrictions are lifted.

 Basic Qualifications:

 5+ years programming experience with .NET
 Understanding of .NET frameworks
 Well-versed in following technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, ASP.NET Web Forms (a plus), ASP.NET MVC, C#, Web API, Entity Framework, Microsoft SQL Server 2019 and above, Visual Studio 2019 and above
 Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Agile Methodologies
 Microsoft Azure DevOps
 REST based APIs
 Creativity and willingness to be open and share ideas
 OCR experience is a plus
 Willingness to work in a wide array of web, middle tier and database technologies

 Educational Requirements:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related discipline is preferred

 Compensation:

 Competitive compensation package

 Benefits:

 Medical
 401k
 HSA
 Dental
 Vision
 Short Term Disability Insurance
 Paternity and Maternity leave for expecting parents.
 Pet Insurance
 Life
 Paid Time Off (Holiday, Vacation, 8 hours community volunteer time)

 Location:

 Remote







 PI177593113

A career in our Master Limited Partnerships Technology practice, within Tax services, will provide you with the opportunity to help our clients meet and manage their tax obligations across unique but ever changing tax specialties. You’ll advise clients on their local and overseas tax affairs, while acting as a strategic consultant related to business analysis, managing indirect taxes, dispute resolution, and global enterprise tax solutions.

Our team helps organisations with Tax reporting for large or complex partnership structures. You’ll be part of team that is organised into three core functional areas: tax team, client team, and technology team. Both the client and tax teams directly leverage their subject matter expertise against a variety of custom applications to deliver a high level of value to our clients.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As an Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Invite and give in the moment feedback in a constructive manner.
Share and collaborate effectively with others.
Identify and make suggestions for improvements when problems and/or opportunities arise.
Handle, manipulate and analyse data and information responsibly.
Follow risk management and compliance procedures.
Keep up-to-date with developments in area of specialism.
Communicate confidently in a clear, concise and articulate manner - verbally and in the materials I produce.
Build and maintain an internal and external network.
Seek opportunities to learn about how PwC works as a global network of firms.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
We’re leading the way as technology-enabled tax advisors who provide value through digitization, automation and increased efficiencies - all made possible by equipping our professionals to succeed in a world where transactions are faster, more complicated and require a deeper level of sophistication. PwC Tax provides unparalleled technical knowledge and specialization and industry insights, coupled with the One Firm knowledge that brings everything PwC offers to solve our clients’ needs

Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Required Fields of Study:
Management Information Systems, Computer and Information Science

Minimum Years of Experience:
1 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Certification(s) Preferred:
MCPD, MCTS, and/or MCSD

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in any of the following programming tools: ASP.NET, C#, MS SQL Server, .NET framework, SQL, Database Design, HTML, XML, Visual Studio, Azure Dev Ops, Git. Fundamental knowledge with a variety of data structures and algorithms related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrated awareness of advanced programming concepts and object-oriented design patterns related to the application development lifecycle, including the analysis of business requirements, evaluation of design patterns, and system enhancements coding. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success working in, on-call environments.
Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success to interact effectively in a team environment, yet also function well with independent responsibilities. Proven ability to conduct thorough and detailed research pertinent to client, industry-related, and technical matters related to the application development lifecycle. Demonstrates some abilities and/or a proven record of success in client service orientation-the proven ability to build client relationships, surface and identify problems and develop creative solutions.
As a tax technical professional, experience researching business and industry trends to develop a point of view to leverage in assisting with proposals.

Exposure with automation & digitization in a professional services environment including but not limited to: - innovating through new and existing technologies, along with experimenting with digitization solutions;
working with large, complex data sets to build models and leverage data visualization tools.
We are transforming the way we deliver tax services. Find out more about what we do on our Tax Career Page at pwc.to/whatwedotax
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradotaxassociate.

#LI-Remote

  REMOTE Sr RoR Engineer- Profitable Ecommerce Medical Apparel Co. 
  
   Backed by the former Lululemon CEO and a former Blackstone partner, we are an industry-leading company directly providing medical professionals with the highest quality medical apparel in the world! Along with recently doubling our annual revenue to over $200 million, we have donated thousands of scrubs to providers in over 35 countries! 
   
 As we grow our team, we are looking for passionate people who want to build long-term careers while visibly making a difference globally within the medical industry!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Extremely Profitable Ecommerce Medical Apparel Company!
Backed by former CEO of Lululemon and former Blackstone Partner!

 What You Will Be Doing

    What you will be doing:
   

Work as an engineer on projects with a small team or independently as we grow
Partner with our product and engineering teams to brainstorm creative solutions to
 address business challenges
   

Build scalable, maintainable, and performant backend services
Build and maintain services that help us integrate and aggregate core e-commerce data
 from our various internal and vendor platforms
   

Improve our operational efficiency by automating core processes
Provide clear and constructive feedback via code reviews
Work with fellow engineers to maintain the quality, readability, and integrity of our
 codebase
   

Participating in on-call schedules and writing reliable code so that none of us never have
 to be called
  
 What You Need for this Position

Ruby on Rails Expertise
Consuming REST and/or GraphQL based-services
SQL
TDD
Shopify, Spree, or BigCommerce (Plus)
Docker, Terraform, Shell (Plus) 
CI/CD (Plus)
Content management systems like Contentful (Plus)

 What's In It for You

Competitive Compensation Contingent On Experience 
100% Remote Opportunity 
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
401k + matching
Generous PTO and paid holidays
Parental and family medical leave
An opportunity to be more than just an engineer and help medical professional globally

 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k
Bonus


    So, if you are a REMOTE Sr RoR Engineer- Profitable Ecommerce Medical Apparel Co. with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dylan Rogelstad
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Allstates consulting Services is looking for a Release Manager to work for our client, this is a remotely worked position and is Exempt Salaried so no overtime will be paid.
Job DescriptionSummary: The role of the RDM Release Manager is to be accountable and to coordinate cross functional, multiple phase network implementations, engineering support and service delivery work. They direct tasks, decipher requirements, manage communications and updates, escalate/take escalations, track and manage synergies and dependencies supporting network implementation deliverables. The RDM Release Manager works closely with assigned Engineers, Program and Project Managers and other support and service providers. The RDM Release Manager focuses and forecasts the delivery track of multi-phase work against change and release calendar(s). The RDM Release Manager needs to understand the technical implementation/change processes, support the Implementation Engineer throughout implementation (pre-during-post) and the full change management process.Position Details:

Exempt Salaried position based upon experience; weekly salary broken down hourly for invoicing purposes only.
Long term contract with possible contract extension or hire
Standard work hours: Mon-Fri mainly. Hours of support will vary. Does occasionally include nights/weekends.
Location: Telecommuter anywhere in the U.S.
Client Addendum will need to be followed. Copy will be provided at the time of candidates offer acceptance.

Essential Functions:

Must have the ability to understand and translate business requirements into engineering and or implementation details.
Ability to manage Network technical/engineering/implementation resource tasks and service delivery. This includes FTE/FTC/vendors and partners.
The candidate must have excellent client interfacing skills, vendor/third-party resources, strong verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work with all levels of management. Candidate should have experience operating with colleagues across different time zones with a flexible approach to working hours (ability to work varied hours and weekends a must) in order to successfully interact and communicate on a global level) if needed.
Accountable to manage the “end or end” successful technical or solution delivery of assigned tasks partnering with Network engineering/implementation teams, program/project manager or directly with the requestor.
Takes direct accountability for the engineering resources and all assigned work tasks. Is accountable for the STI/Release and Deployment tasks (prior to; up to, during and post the change window through Production Day-One).
Develops, tracks, reports and manages engineering delivery tasks.
Anticipates and proactively resolves issues and conflicts within and between engineering delivery work-flows and all other stakeholders.
Provides regular and pro-active status to STI/Release and Deployment management. Anticipates issues and reports them to STI/Release and Deployment management. Escalates as needed or as appropriate.
Advocate on behalf of CTO Operations/STI; ensures we communicate/report statuses, issues, positions effectively and in a clear way.
Works with the various program/project managers to establish release/impact/risk trackers and calendars for the work they are accountable for. Work with other program/project managers and the engineering and delivery teams (i.e. field services) to understand internal/external and associated dependencies. Reacts to them proactively and effectively.
Responsible report and monitor progress against the release calendar; communicate release details and schedules to the stakeholders as required. Proactively manage conflict.
Identifies and/or challenges schedules that could create conflicts; evaluates all recommended changes and ensures implementation schedules do not interfere with business operations/other changes.
Works with engineering/implementation to ensure that all the necessary documentation has been successfully completed for each release and task.
Works with engineering/implementation to raise Request for Change (CRQ) for engineering specific changes. Ensures appropriate change details are documented.
Reviews change requests for completeness, from description, documentation, risk/impact, and post-implementation
Participate in the change management board; conducts release readiness reviews as appropriate.
Arranges and facilitates appropriate post-implementation review activities if/as needed
Maintains 100% compliance to all firm-wide Change Management policies (pre, during and post change).
Participates in incident and problem analysis for possible consequences of a change and its implementation.

Education Requirements:

High school diploma or GED equivalent required.
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, business or a finance related field/technical training or equivalent experience preferred.

Experience Requirements:

Minimum 8+ years experience required in a Technical role supporting network project/programs.
Industry Certifications in PMP, ITIL are strongly preferred, technical certifications such as CCNA are a plus. Experience with Change Management and CAB processes and procedures a must.
Strong background in IT service delivery role.
Financial services (Insurance, Banking, Investment banking), is a plus.
Ability to be nimble and flexible; prioritize work load, proactively react to issues and consistently react to shifting deadlines.
Ability to create meaningful data that contributes to the Change Management and Service Delivery processes.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $36.00 - $40.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Scala Data Engineer 
  
   -THIS POSITION IS 100% REMOTE-
   
 If you are a Data Engineer with Scala experience, please read on!
   
 Founded in 2017, we are a comprehensive security platform designed specifically for SaaS. Organizations throughout the world entrust more data to their SaaS applications than ever before, from productivity suites and communication tools to HR systems and identity suppliers. To make these complex, interrelated applications safer and more secure, we develop a thorough and contextual understanding of them. Having just gone through Series C funding, we are an rapid growth mode right now and looking for multiple Senior DevOps Engineers to join our team!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Work from home!
Competitive compensation
Equity options
Medical
Dental
Vision
Unlimited PTO
401k
 ...and more!
   What You Will Be Doing

Design distributed systems, write production code, conduct code reviews, and collaborate with our infrastructure and reliability teams as part of the engineering life cycle
Develop and manage an analytics pipeline for acquiring, storing, and analyzing data types of interest to feed real-time artificial intelligent system behaviors in a big data ecosystem
Develop or apply technologies to aid machine learning analyses driven by analysts
Support and create well-engineered data systems to meet analytical needs for cloud-based systems (AWS) and data delivery via APIs.
Understand requirements and data needs and definitions, collaborate with the existing engineering team, data scientists, analysts, and the business.

 What You Need for this Position

    -WE ARE GROWING RAPIDLY AND HAVE NUMEROUS POSITIONS OPEN FROM MID-SENIOR EXPERIENCE-
   
 At least 3 years' Data Engineering experience with a combination of the following:
   


Scala (Required)
AWS (Required)
Airflow
Spark
Hive
Hadoop



    So, if you are a Data Engineer with Scala experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Kevin Jones
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Full-Stack PHP Web Developer

 US-NY-New York
  

Job ID: 2022-1774
  
# of Openings: 1
  
Category: Web Developer
   BESTMSLs
  

Overview
 Full-Stack PHP Web Developer
 
TheDoctorsChannel.com is looking for a Full-Stack PHP Web Developer to join our digital team. This position can be fully remote.
 Responsibilities
 In this position you will build and maintain the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript necessary to bring UI designs and interactions to life across a variety of devices. Your work will be implemented on several public web sites (such as TheDoctorsChannel.com) and private web and mobile apps we create for our clients.
 
You will also build server-side PHP code supporting sites/tools built on WordPress and other frameworks.
 
As part of a small team of designers, developers, and product managers you will have the opportunity to make meaningful contributions to the design and direction of projects spanning a wide variety of disciplines and technologies.
 Qualifications
 Must-have skills and experience:

 Experience building web applications with PHP
 Experience coding responsive web layouts
 Ability to write standards-compliant, semantically correct HTML
 Ability to write well-structured CSS to create complex responsive layouts, including the use of modern features like flexbox
 Experience writing front-end JavaScript code (natively and/or with jQuery) to perform tasks such as event handling, DOM manipulation, XHRs, etc.
 Familiarity with DOM concepts and interacting with the DOM using JavaScript
 Familiarity with modern PHP features
 Ability to understand and debug browser/platform-specific layout issues
 Ability to use browser-based developer tools to understand and debug rendering, network, and JavaScript issues
 Enough familiarity with Photoshop to navigate a designer's mock-ups to extract the sizes, colors, typography, etc. used in the design elements
 A good eye for design and excellent attention to detail to ensure adherence to our internal and client brand guidelines when implementing designs
 Excellent verbal and written communication skill

 Nice-to-have skills and experience:

 Experience extending WordPress-based sites with custom PHP code
 Experience performing basic administration tasks on Linux-based web servers
 Familiarity with a front-end responsive framework such as Bootstrap

 
About The Doctor's Channel and BESTMSLs, Inc.
 
The Doctor's Channel (www.thedoctorschannel.com) is based in New York and delivers free expert medical information and education condensed into 1-2 minute streaming videos that get right to the point. The Doctor's Channel was founded in 2007 by David Best, MD, MBA, and Michael Banks, MD.
 
The Doctor's Channel is part of BESTMSLs, a technology-focused medical education and medical affairs consultancy.
 PI177845052


JOBID: KCIDC104242MD0520
The primary responsibility of this role will be to provide technical application administration, development, consulting, and leadership for configuring, extending, modifying, and maintaining the NetSuite Midmarket Manufacturing Application and SuiteCommerce website for our client.
Required Experience, Skills, Knowledge:
· NetSuite administrator functionalities such as creating roles, assigning roles, creating workflows, configuring NetSuite settings etc.
· Develop NetSuite workflows, saved searches, CSV Imports, SuiteAnalytics datasets and tables.
· Experience developing with SuiteCommerce Advanced (SCA).
· Proficient in the creation of extensibility APIs.
· Proficient with CPQ (formerly Verenia SoleCPQ).
· Experience in the SuiteCloud platform:
o SuiteScript (User Event scripting, Workflows, Restlets, Map/Reduce, etc.)
o SuiteFlow
o SuiteTalk
o SuiteBuilder
o SuiteBundler
o SuiteAnalytics
o SuiteSocial (nice to have)
· Experience with the following NetSuite Modules/Functions:
o NetSuite Mid-Market Manufacturing
o SuiteCommerce Advanced
o Customer Relationship Management
o Personalized Catalog View
· Import/Export of Data from sandbox environment(s) to/from Production.
· Advanced level of NetSuite Customization & Management:
o Custom table and field creation and management.
o Forms Creation and Management, and Advanced Forms.
o Bundle and object management.
· Experience with JavaScript and related frameworks, including Node.js, Backbone.js, Handlebars, React, Angular, or others.
· Some experience with Java, C#, or other object-oriented programming language (C++, Python, PHP, Visual Basic.NET).
· Source control software such as GitLab.
· Functionally proficient as a NetSuite user. Able to advise users on ideal use cases for customizations vs native functionality.
Additional Details -
Interview Process: TEAMS remote interview process with camera on.
Duration: 2 years with 2 optional 2 year renewals.
Onsite/Remote: Local candidates or those willing to relocate are encouraged to apply. Must be a WI resident, but can work 100% remote unless needed in office on occasion.
Benefits -
Hourly rate for Corp to Corp/1099: $93.00
Hourly rate for W2: $71.00
Full-Time W2 employees may receive the following benefits:

Health and Dental Insurance
Life Insurance
Short/Long Term Disability Insurance
Simple IRA
Referral Bonus
Employee Assistance Program

Keystone Consulting, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.
Keystone Consulting, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, please see our Indeed profile.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Referral program
Retirement plan

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

NetSuite: 5 years (Required)
SuiteCommerce Advanced: 5 years (Required)
SuiteCloud platform: 5 years (Required)
NetSuite Mid-Market Manufacturing: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location
JOB DESCRIPTION
DAY TO DAY:

A client of Insight Global is seeking a Salesforce Developer to be part of their team. This Developer will be cultivating and nurturing relationships with clients through transparency, organization and communication. You will be responsible for delivering high quality, well tested code using SOLID design principals and enterprise design patterns within project timelines. You will need to have the ability to manage customer conversations and assist in building technical solutions with technical and non-technical customer, work with clients to gather project requirements to address their specific business need, assist in design, develop, and documenting solutions to meet requirements. The Developer would need to stay up to date on new Salesforce features/releases/products and participate in the solution development, implementation and project closeout at customer sites.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
MUST HAVES:

Full-stack development: Aura Framework, Lightning Web Component (LWC), Visualforce, Apex, REST and SOAP-based web services, debugging, troubleshooting, and performance managementKnowledge of object-oriented concepts and development experience with design patterns including MVCUnderstanding of relational databases (SQL, MySQL, etc.)Experience with driving data migrations between Salesforce and other systems.Experience with troubleshooting integrations issuesExperience in a test-driven and formal QA development environmentApproximately 1-3 years of experience in software development or programming
DESIRED SKILLS
PLUSSES:
Salesforce Platform Developer I Certification
 Equivalent Experience 
 

Hello,
 One of our clients is looking for a Sr. React Developer to join their team for a 100% remote, contract opportunity. 
Top Skills' Details 

3-5 years experience supporting enterprise level Development utilizing React JS
Experience with popular React.js workflows (such as Context or Redux) and React Hooks
Strong proficiency in React Unit Testing frameworks (e.g., React Testing Library, Jest Enzyme)
Strong proficiency in ES6 (or TypeScript)
Familiarity with RESTful APIs and modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token
Experience with Jira or a similar tool

 Skills:
 React.js, React, restful api, jest, jira, Javascript, Css, Html, Angular, Node.js
 Additional Skills & Qualifications:

NestJS

 Experience Level:
 Expert Level
 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.


 ServiceNow Developer 
 100% remote 
 
 W2 eligible candidates only. No C2C available. 
 
 5+ years of exp as a ServiceNow Dev 
 
 Scrum/Agile exp is required 
 Virtual Agents is big 
 coding in ServiceNow 
 next 90 days will be implementation of virtual agents 
 will have a big AI component in this space 
 
 Consultant should be able to demonstrate general knowledge of fundamental ServiceNow development and administration concepts such as, but not limited to, client and server scripting, permissions management, creation and modification of custom tables, and so on. 
 


Ability to perform ServiceNow platform development using ServiceNow APIs, ServiceNow Workflows, UI Pages, UI Macros, Business Scripts, Client Scripts, UI Scripts, UI Actions, UI Policies, Script Includes and Security Rules.
Experience in Service Portal, Content Management System (CMS) on widgets, Sites and Layouts using UI Macros, Navigation Menus, UI Pages, UI Scripts and Jelly Scripting.
Data importing and Transform Maps
Using Update Sets (including batched) to capture and promote changes between environments.
Experience with Discovery and CMDB Implementation.
Experience in integrating ServiceNow with third-party software using REST/SOAP including scripted web services, MID servers.
Strong experience in building custom scoped applications in ServiceNow

Experience with the following is a plus, but not required:


Experience with ServiceNow's ITOM (CMDB, Discovery, Event Management, Cloud Management, Hardware Asset Management) implementations.
ServiceNow's Common Service Model and Service Mapping techniques

Qualifications:


Undergraduate degree in computer science, information technology, or any engineering field, or equivalent experience
5+ years’ experience in ServiceNow Development.
ITIL v4/v4 certification a plus
ServiceNow Certified Administrator/Developer
Strong organizational skills and the ability to multitask; sets priorities and follows a timeline
 About Matlen Silver 
 Experience Matters. Let your experience be driven by our experience. For more than 40 years, Matlen Silver has delivered solutions for complex talent and technology needs to Fortune 500 companies and industry leaders. Led by hard work, honesty, and a trusted team of experts, we can say that Matlen Silver technology has created a solutions experience and legacy of success that is the difference in the way the world works. 
 
 Matlen Silver is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers all applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, the presence of a non-job-related medical condition or disability, or any other legally protected status.

Greetings from Computer Enterprises Inc. kindly find the job description , Share your updated resume to process.
Job ID - 98539-1
Role – Automation Anywhere Intelligent Automation Developer 
Experience Required – 8+ years
Duration – 6+ month 
Location - Pittsburgh Pennsylvania 15222 United States
Job Description

Responsible for writing programs to maintain and control computer systems software for operating systems, networked systems, and database systems.
Responsible for creating the software platform, and then fine-tuning the final program after it has been made.
Seeking developers to work on Automation Anywhere platforms to build intelligent automation solutions for Our Customer Care Center as well as build integrations into backend systems using Springboot based APIs. Java development background is required.
Prior experience with development of APIs to integrate automation solutions is needed. Prior experience with Kore.AI or Automation Anywhere is needed.

Top Skills: 
Automation AnywhereSpringbootAPIJavaIntegrationKore. AI- nice to have
Degrees/Certifications/Years of Overall Experience Required: 
· High School Degree and Bachelor degree (computer science, software engineering, or relevant field)· 8+ years of experience required but a resource with proficiency in application most important
Education/Experience: 
High School Degree and Bachelors degree in computer science/relevant field or equivalent work experience required.
8+ years experience required.
Skills and Competencies: 

Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, customer service and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and manage one’s time.
Knowledge of the full software development lifecycle: from business/systems analysis, through requirements gathering and functional specification authoring, to development, testing and delivery.
Ability to troubleshoot issues and make system changes as needed to resolve issue.
Knowledge of computer development software, such as SQL, Java, J2EE, etc.

Major Job Duties and Responsibilities: 

Consult with engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software, develop specifications and performance requirements and resolve customer problems.
Advise customer about, or perform, maintenance of software system.
Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures. Inform customers or other departments on project status, proposals and technical issues such as software system design and maintenance.
Direct software programming and development of documentation.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Spring Boot: 4 years (Preferred)
Java: 4 years (Preferred)
Automation Anywhere: 8 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Masis Professional Group is seeking a long term contract role for Java Developer at Holyoke, MA. There is a possibility to hire as full time employee.
Monday to Friday
Remote until Covid period.
Vaccination must. Candidate will have to provide proof of vaccination to the HR department.
Primary Responsibilities 

Day to day development and support of internal and external web based applications on Linux servers written in Java (J2EE), SpringMVC, and JSP, PL/SQL, JDBC and SOAP XML web services.
Troubleshoot issues by identifying root cause and develop a plan for problem resolution. Identify and remediate web related vulnerabilities in a timely manner.
Utilize the software development life cycle and manage production business processes to resolve software problems and improvements by writing user change requests and functional specifications.
Design, program, implement code, test, install and configure applications.
Work in a team environment to support user and other technical staff.
Learn internal business processes and adhere to software and change management and IT standards.

Minimum Requirements 

Minimum of three (3) to five (5) years’ experience in programming in web technologies.
Utility industry background is a plus.

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $30.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Vaccination is a must
Work Location: Multiple Locations


  Remote Magento Developer X2 - Magento, PHP, MySQL 
  
   Based in Denver, CO. We are an extremely fast-growing Magento services firm with an in-depth knowledge of the Magento platform and e-Commerce, a broad set of design, development, integration and marketing skills, as well as years of industry experience and successful implementations. We offer a very unique product directed toward a specific segment of the E-commerce Technology and Automation industry. While other tech based healthcare companies simply go with the flow, we plunge right through with pure intent to disrupt. Our highly innovative online/mobile platform has already taken the industry by storm and we aim to continue our campaign to produce something that our clients/consumers truly benefit from.
   
 Currently, we are looking for a skilled REMOTE Magento Developer with Magento, PHP, and relational database (MySQL) experience. If this sounds like you, we would love to tell you more about this incredible opportunity!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    1. Awesome company culture
    2. We work with the latest and greatest technologies
    3. Highly impactful work!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

analyze and solve problems
develop and implement innovative features and functionality for e-commerce
collaborate with a team of passionate e-commerce professionals to deliver exceptional outcomes
apply your expertise in Magento, PHP, MySQL & JavaScript to extend, enhance and build great user experiences
understand e-commerce business requirements and convert to a coherent design
unit test and take accountability for the quality of your work

 What You Need for this Position

    More Than 5 Years of experience and knowledge of:
   


Magento
PHP
relational databases (MySQL)
SQL
Lamp Stack
Magento


 What's In It for You

Competitive base salary 
Health Insurance Contribution
Dental & Vision Insurance Contribution
Paid Time Off (Vacation & Personal)
Paid Holidays
Personal Growth in a company with limitless potential


    So, if you are a Magento Developer with Magento, PHP and relational database (MySQL) experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Day to Day: 
A client in the Austin, TX area is looking to add a Back End Java Developer to their team! They are looking for a passionate Software Engineer to design, develop and install software solutions. The responsibilities include gathering user requirements, defining system functionality and writing code in the Java language. The ideal candidates are familiar with the software development life cycle (SDLC) from preliminary system analysis to tests and deployment. Ultimately, the role of this Software Engineer is to build high-quality, innovative, and fully performing software that complies with coding standards and technical design. This role will be heavily focused on the back-end, about 80% of your time will be spent there. This role will focus on building & maintaining microservices, creating APIs from scratch, & building API endpoints.
Must Haves: 
3+ years of Java Development experience
Experience on the FE with JS, HTML, CSS, Typescript, React or Angular
Great unit testing experience, JUnit experience
Experience with Java Messaging Service & queuing
Experience standing up microservices
Understanding of Docker
REST API & RESTful services experience
Portfolio or code review of some kind - GitHub, Stack Overflow, personal website, etc.
Great oral & written communication skills
Tools: 
JMS Java messaging service
Typescript
React not req
Angular not req
80 backend 20 front end
APIs and microservices
Plusses: 
Azure experience
React Native experience
Previous experience working at Oracle or GM
Insurance, Auto, or FinTech industry experience
The more enterprise experience, the better
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Back-end development: 1 year (Required)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Must Haves: 
- 5-8 years .Net experience (.net core)

Dedicated, self-driven and willingness to take responsibility and ownership of application
Strong Problem identifying and solving ability and Excellent communication skills
Strong in C# Collections, Delegates, Multithreading
Strong in Console Application Development
Hands on experience in ASP.NET
Strong in Web API
Hands on experience in MVC
Strong in LINQ, Lambda Expressions
Hands on experience in using Unit Testing Framework like NUnit
Hands on experience in SQL Server concepts along with SQL query optimization
Hands on experience in REST & SOAP services
Hands on experience in Autosys
ASP.Net, C#, MVC, Java Script, Node.JS Web service/ REST and SQL Server Database
Development experience in Agile and good understanding of Agile routines
Good experience working with version management tools like SVN and GIT

Plusses: 

Experience in migration of .NET framework code to .NET Core.
Knowledge of Ansible, Artifactory, Sonar is plus.
SSIS, SSRS
Jquery, EXTJS
Financial and Banking experience

Day to Day: 
Insight Global is hiring a .Net Developer for one of our top banking clients. This candidate can work remote for now, but eventually will need to sit in either Charlotte, NC, New Jersey or Dallas, TX. This person will be supporting the Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) program and facilitate the day to day operations within the Bank's operation control platform (OCP). This person will be responsible for demonstrating technical and analytical skills in development of Web/windows based applications using DotNet and SQL Server technologies. They must be able to work independently, develop test cases and perform unit testing. Lastly, they will need to provide regular task status updates to the management team and interact with the distributed team.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $68.26 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

.NET: 4 years (Preferred)
C#: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations
JOB DESCRIPTION
Will partner closely with the manager, who acts as a lead, other engineers, and QA's for a variety of projects/initiatives

Will help with modernization of current system in place and moving to the cloud

Partners with a team of software engineers, as well as QA's from the quality management team to drive features and specifications, architecture design, implementation, and other development responsibilities

Translates software requirements into fully functional software solutions

Work with Product Owners and teams to drive features and specifications, architecture design, implementation, and other software development responsibilities
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
5-7+ years of software development experience
Experience with .NET development
Experience with C# development
Experience with technical requirements gathering
Experience with database development (SQL Server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle)
Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Experience with Web API development
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field
MUST BE VACCINATED
DESIRED SKILLS
Cloud experience (AWS or Azure)
Agile experience
Angular experience
JavaScript experience
Experience with DevOps concepts (continuous integration, continuous deployment, infrastructure as code, and release automation)
EHR development experience - Epic, Cerner, AthenaHealth, PatientKeeper, etc.RESPONSIBILITIES:
If you're looking for a Remote Engineering position with great benefits including a 401k with a 6% match, immediate vesting and allows you to live the dream of a flexible lifestyle with truly unlimited PTO, we have a great role for you. Kforce has a client based out of Portland, OR that is looking for multiple remote mid-senior and Lead Polygot API/Microservices Software Engineers who are easily trainable, and places high value on software craftmanship, mentorship, and interpersonal engagement to join their team.

Key tasks include:

Software Engineer will be utilizing strong programming sills, and a deep knowledge of Cloud services to implement highly scalable and reliable solutions
Influencing the team to adopt quality upfront techniques
Guiding the design, and building of high-quality solutions on AWS Cloud in a fast-moving environment
As a Software Engineer, you will be introducing leading edge technologies and define conventions for the team
Influence team members to adopt best practices

REQUIREMENTS:

Minimum seven years of professional experience, using two or more development languages and working with multiple data storage technologies
Python or Polygot experience with at least 2 software coding languages for example Node, Golang, Rust, .NET Core
Ability to guide technical direction within a cross-functional engineering team
Ability to write high-quality, well-tested code that places maintainability over cleverness
Experience building applications and services in a service-oriented architecture
Deep experience with a Cloud platform

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.



Formulates and defines system scope and objectives through research and fact-finding to design, develop, modify, or integrate complex information systems
Devises or modifies application systems and procedures to optimize functional requirements including capacity, operating time, response time, and form of desired results.
Designs, codes, tests, debugs, and documents programs, subroutines, and scripts.
May serve one or more project team roles, such as project lead, business systems analyst, or technical lead, for small to medium efforts or manage phases of medium to large efforts.
Competent to work at the highest phases of applications systems analysis and programming activities
Enhances the design of current systems to improve system capabilities to meet the changing needs of the business
Works with business users or business systems analysts to understand requirements and translate them into technical specifications
Develops and implements program/system test plans. Devises data verification methods and standard system procedures
Maintains technical skill set for software languages, databases, platforms, operating systems, utilities and networks needed to support work assignments
Assists in preparing and maintaining application design document.
Responds to system failures and performance events by taking appropriate measures to reduce system downtime and eliminate recurrence of problems.
May conduct presentations to provide end users with knowledge to maximize their use of developed systems
Provides technical leadership on assigned projects or discovery efforts
May coordinate work assignments and verify results of applications systems analysis and programming personnel
Regularly provides guidance and training to less-experienced analysts/programmers.


.NET DEVELOPER II JOB REQUIREMENTS


C#
VB
COBOL
5 - 7 years experience in systems analysis and programming with .Net
SQL server experience
Knowledge of information technology concepts, application development methodology, terminology and standards
Demonstrated ability to lead, organize and prioritize multiple assignments and associated resources.
Demonstrated ability to interpret and translate technical and/or complex concepts into information meaningful to team members and/or business personnel
Proven analysis, design, and coding skills, and demonstrated success in leading medium to complex technology-base efforts.
A Bachelor’ s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent years of experience is required.


.NET DEVELOPER II PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS


Experience in the health insurance industry preferred
Equivalent years of experience are determined as one year of technical experience for every year of college requested.



 #IND3
  



  Frontend Tech lead 
  
   If you are a Frontend Tech lead and want a challenging position leading a team with a market disrupting AI startup in the supply chain space, please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Great leadership with successful start-up experience!
Great Benefits!
WORK FROM HOME!

 What You Will Be Doing

Work w/ product team, frontend and UX designer, architects and Sr. Devs to create technical design, plan and roadmap to bring our delivery platform to life
Responsible for performance of a 3-8 person team
Develop and deploy services contributing to the frontend and full stack
Build and maintain distributed ML pipelines
Collaborate w/ engineers and data scientists across the organization

 What You Need for this Position

    At least 5 years of experience with:
   

Frontend/UI Development
JavaScript, TypeScript, D3.js
REACT
AWS
Postgres
 -NICE TO HAVE-
   

Kubernetes & Docker
NumPy/pandas
Elasticsearch, Kafka, Spark, Swagger


 What's In It for You

Competitive Salary + Bonus + Equity
Medical/Dental/Vision
Retirement
PTO/Paid Holidays
Leadership role in a rapidly growing startup
FULLY REMOTE!


    So, if you are a Frontend Tech lead with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Blake Andersen
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Overview
Location: Remote anywhere in USA or Canada
We are helping our blockchain platform client to hire a Sr. Frontend Developer. The primary responsibilities include using UX best practices to deliver scalable and rich experiences. You will be building out the future of the decentralized metaverse and will have many opportunities to solve hard technical problems and take ownership of your modules. The tasks we need are constantly evolving, so we encourage you to apply if you’re interested in learning more!

Responsibilities:
Lead the design, implementation, and maintenance of new and existing UI applications
Consume data from RESTful APIs, write automated tests
Integrate with web3 interfaces and libraries
Participate in product development from ideation to development and beyond
Develop and maintain documentation
Create new features for our users and for internal use
Participate in code reviews, build reusable code and libraries for future use, and help team members improve

Requirements:
You have 5+ years of experience in a similar position
You are familiar with the tech stack:
React (with hooks, context API, styled components)
TypeScript
Docker (docker-compose, Kubernetes)
AWS (S3, RDS, and more)
You can work independently and lead workstreams/mentor others if needed
You have clean code and architecture habits
You have an interest in blockchain/web3, gaming, or working in a startup environment

Perks:
Competitive salary and equity (token) grant — a sliding scale of cash and tokens
Remote-first team with annual team retreats
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits
Unlimited vacation days and PTO/sick days
Generous home office setup reimbursement and annual learning stipend
Job Description and Responsibilities for Experienced Software Developer Software Engineer.
At least 4 years of on the job experience
Counterpointe Inc. is seeking experienced Software Developers / Software Engineers who will have the ability to work remotely anywhere in the USA.
Applicants should have 4 years of on-the-job Software Developer Software Engineer experience at the very minimum working with Java.
4 year’s years’ experience does NOT include project or internship work.
A plus is experience working as part of or leading a development team, facing clients and gathering requirements.
We are looking for experienced doers that continually improve their skill by collaborating with a team of professionals that share knowledge and are dedicated to growing their careers.
You will specialize within and across full stack development activities as part of an Agile team, attending and participating in daily standups and weekly retrospectives while working closely with team members daily.
You will participate across software development lifecycles, including supporting and leading component design, development, and test activities, along with involvement in the requirements gathering process.
You will collaboratively work with internal and external team members as well as the client, applying knowledge of multiple design principles, open-source frameworks, and tools to achieve desired project outcomes with high initial quality.
The duties of this job require a high degree of specialized expertise and skill in maintaining established standards of quality and accuracy. Drive, discipline, orientation to detail and the determination to consistently deliver a quality product are highly desired.
The job environment is structured, and job expectations are clear, while the pace of the work is faster than average. The work requires specialized technical problem solving and ingenuity while working within approved organizational systems and technology. New ideas and concepts are embraced and carefully analyzed and tested before communication and adoption.
At times the job may involve managing others and there is a need for someone who can exercise the necessary authority to assure policies and procedures are followed and time frames are met. Additionally, it is necessary to give subordinates structured opportunity to develop their own expertise and capability for quality work to assure effective delegation and shared responsibility for work output. Coaching and training support for achieving effective delegation will be required and experience to that end is desired.
The position encompasses a defined span of control and opportunity for someone who engenders trust, demonstrates a sense of urgency and assures consistent achievement of quality standards. The work requires making decisions that support company guidelines authoritatively and quickly.
Proficiencies, competencies and expectations for this position: 
Lead tasks by leveraging a deep understanding of functional and/or technical concepts, nuanced analytical skills, and expanded ability to understand how to impact the client.
Consulting: 
Data Gathering & Analysis
· manages multiple data collection, analysis, and interpretation efforts and ensures that data drives decision making across team members
· leads client communications in at least one project-specific area
· leverages existing approaches, tailoring them for each project
· uses unassailable data to drive individual decisions
· owns, manages, and directs tasking approaches, actively eliminating problems and blocking issues
Communication
· asks probing questions
· primary author for client or internal deliverables
· recommends approaches to tasking
· connects interdependencies to formulate strategic action plans that are positioned to maximize plan consumption
· drives actions to closure through persuasive communication
· decides and communicates which standard applies to the current situation and ensures compliance
· refines standards as needed
People Impact
· provides career and development guidance outside of the immediate team
· builds a strong network
· demonstrates trusts by delegating to peers or junior staff to enable the tackling of higher-level responsibilities
Operations:
Delivery
· demonstrates initiative and adds leverage
· active participant in delivery via recurring, direct client interactions
· leads development of specific deliverable, meeting associated deadlines, and assumes responsibility for the deliverable
· anticipates issues and preemptively works to address them
Accountability
· adapts and multi-tasks to various clients and work environments
· ensures that assignments are in line with established quality control concepts
· pursues the best possible results
Expertise/Personal Capabilities
· applies knowledge across assignments to ensure the development of quality deliverables
· seeks out advice from others and demonstrably implements feedback
Corporate Capabilities
· demonstrates a strong understanding of the company's capabilities
· leverages external expertise to collaboratively impact client and company engagements
Leadership/Collaboration
· leads others on a sustained basis across a multitude of assignments
· shares resources and expertise beyond the immediate team to help overall corporate execution
To be Considered as a Qualified Candidate, Applicants should have the following.. and have answered ALL Indeed.com qualification screening questions: 
· B.S. or greater in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related discipline
· At least 4 or more years of on-the-job programming experience as a Software Developer Software Engineer, not including internships or school project work.
· Experience with agile techniques, especially Kanban
· Experience with modern programming languages (e.g., Java, Typescript, JavaScript)
· Experience with commonly used open-source products (e.g., Jackson, Hibernate, Angular, Maven)
· Experience with Business-Driven Development approaches and technologies (e.g., Specification by Example, Cucumber)
· Experience with application servers (e.g., Tomcat, Wildfly)
· Experience with Git
· Experience with collaboration tools (e.g., Jenkins, JIRA, Confluence, Nexus, Bitbucket)
· Experience facing clients as well as requirements gathering
· US Citizenship or Green Card Holder*
*Because of the contractual requirements of our US Government clients, we can only consider applicants who can demonstrate proof of US Citizenship or Green Card holders.
The Interview Process
Counterpointe is a small company and is very discerning in its hiring practices. The interview process consists of 4 steps. It begins with an invitation from our recruiter for qualified candidates, to take 2 assessments one cognitive and one behavioral from The Predictive Index. If an applicant matches our job target profile for the position, they will be contacted by our recruiter and invited for an initial interview. If they are successful in the initial interview, they will be invited for a technical evaluation of their knowledge. If they are successful passing the technical evaluation, they will be invited for a 2-hour “team interview”. The Team Interview is the final step, conducted by 8 Counterpointe employees who will evaluate the applicant’s depth of knowledge and communication skills. We move quickly and you will not be left hanging awaiting our determinaton.
The Company
Counterpointe is a small company of 38 Software Developers Software Engineers, Business Analysts, Project Managers and Functional Specialists who consider their working peers as second family.
If you are looking for a challenging opportunity to exercise your problem-solving skills in a fast-paced, Agile environment and have a passion for collaborating to deliver delightful development experiences and want to know that your ideas and input are considered valuable assets, then this job is for you.
Founded in 2005, Counterpointe’s dedication to quality, leadership, and outstanding service has earned us a strong reputation for customer satisfaction. Our value-added business approach stresses long-term customer relationships through innovation, excellence, and integrity. Our Headquarters are located just outside of Washington, DC in McLean VA, and we are looking for qualified candidates who are interested in becoming part of our team either remotely or in Virginia.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Are you aware that failure to answer ALL screening questions will disqualify you for consideration for this position and that your application will NOT be considered?
Because we have US Government clients who require Counterpointe to employ only US Citizens or Green Card holders, we must first ask the following question. Are you a U.S. Citizen? (please answer Yes or No)
Because we have US Government clients who require Counterpointe to employ only US Citizens or Green Card holders, we must first ask the following question. Are you a Green Card holder? (please answer Yes or No)
What is your Email address?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with Business-Driven Development approaches and technologies (e.g., Test Driven Development, Specification by Example, Cucumber)?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with commonly used open-source products (e.g., Jackson, Hibernate, Angular, Maven)?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with application servers (e.g., Tomcat, Wildfly)?
Do you have at least 3 years of "on the job" experience with collaboration tools (e.g., Jenkins, JIRA, Confluence, Nexus, Bitbucket)?
How many years of experience do you have working in an Agile environment?
Dear Applicant,

We strive to make our application process as simple as possible and we are mindful that applying for employment can be rigorous, and time consuming. We have a reason behind every screening question we ask, and we appreciate your complete answers.
We use Indeed to find our applicants.One thing Indeed does not do well is parsing resumes. If you have uploaded your resume to indeed when you originally created your Indeed profile, check to see that it has not been parsed and de-formatted by Indeed.
We prefer your original resume PDF as you created it, rather than an Indeed parsed resume. Please check to insure your resume is the original. That format will present you in the best light to shine.
We want you to know that we thank you for your interest in Counterpointe as an employer and sincerely Thank You for the time investment in applying for this position.
Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

on the job Java, Typescript, JavaScript: 4 years (Required)
on the job programming (EXCLUDING internships): 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Candidates must be local in Greater Phoenix but can work remote with occasional office visits. No sponsorship available. 
Job Duties/Responsibilities
Architects reusable solutions that are easily maintained in the .Net Core layerSupports the Association Management System (Personify) including day-to-day operations and API development (e.g. customer records, customer tables, and financial transactions)Provides system subject matter expertise that supports Customer Operations, Sales, and ProductTroubleshoots issues with software; analyzes and fixes root causeDevelops reporting and other automation/productivity improvement to support internal customersManages updates / upgrades of software; Supports current project of Personify 7.7 upgradeInterfaces with Software provider and other third parties used for product development and delivery (e.g., HubSpot, AbsorbLMS, Cadmium, etc.)Web application support; supports current website rebuild projectEnsures system security and other IT related ad-hoc projects
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Technology or related field or similar experience.Net (Core) Development experience (ASP.net, MVC, C#)API development/Management/Integration WebAPISQL Server database knowledge and SSIS/SSRS preferredSystems interface knowledgeSSO experience (SAML2.0,OAuth,OIDC,AD,etc.)EPiServer experience a plusMicrosoft applications and broad IT expertiseWeb Aps Services, integrationTeam player, customer oriented, analytical, collaborative problem solverExcellent communication skills
Required EducationBachelor's degree in Technology or related field or similar experience/certifications
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: One location
We are looking for a Ruby on Rails Engineer to join our growing Digital team. You'll work with our design and engineering teams to design and develop new features on our consumer facing website. The ideal candidate understands how to prioritize multiple tasks and manage time efficiently with consistent code and document quality. You will integrate and leverage our existing systems as you help build longer lasting and more scalable solutions.
What we will want you to do:
Design and develop new features using Ruby on Rails.
Design and develop APIs for frontend.
Write automated tests and test infrastructure to support it.
Troubleshoot production issues and research solutions to customer feedback.
Keep up-to-date with ruby and rails design patterns.
Skills or Experience we want you to have:
At least 3 years of Ruby on Rails experience
Experience with building and consuming RESTful APIs
Experience with running sql queries Bonus points if you have:
Experience working in Financial Services industry
Experience working in a startup environment
Worked with a TDD workflowAWS experience, specifically with Kubernetes.
Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.
Benefits:
Because we want our team members to bring us their very best every day, we believe they deserve the right opportunities and benefits. That’s why we packed our comprehensive benefits package for full- and some part-timers with:
Health and wellbeing options for team members and their dependents
Up to 4% matching 401(k)
Tuition reimbursement
Continuing education
Bonus eligible
Paid time off
Paid volunteer time
And more
Our Company:
OneMain Financial is the country’s largest lending-exclusive financial company, a trusted name in lending for over 100 years. Since 2005 alone, we have looked beyond customers credit scores to lend more than $152 billion to 16.2 million people looking for simple, affordable loans.
With branches across 44 states, we're proud partners of the families and communities we serve. They turn to us to help meet important financial needs, including debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills and auto purchases. It’s all about doing the right thing – a mission that hasn’t changed for more than 100 years.
#LI-EK1
#LI-RemoteJob Profile

Position Overview

At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success. As a Software Developer within PNC's organization, you will be based remotely within the PNC footprint.

Job Description

Knowledge with working as part of a Scrum or Kanban team to deliver value to customers.
Writing and executing automation test code using Selenium/Cucumber frameworks
Develops, tests and implements software solutions.
Designs software solutions to address business needs.
Writes code, tests and deploys software.
Prepares technical and procedural documentation required for software.
Maintains and debugs software.

Preferred Skills

Experience with the following tools/languages:
Bitbucket
Jenkins
Java, .NET, C#, SQL
Jira
Azure DevOps
Knowledgeable with BDD and TDD methodologies
Knowledgeable with CI/CD pipelines

PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:
Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.

Competencies

Application Design, Architecture – Knowledge of application design activities, tools and techniques; ability to utilize these to convert business requirements and logical models into a technical application design.

Application Development Tools – Knowledge of and ability to utilize a variety of specific tools and toolkits for the development and support of applications.

Application Maintenance – Knowledge of and ability to define, implement changes to, and support a production application.

Application Testing – Knowledge of application testing and ability to design, plan and execute application testing strategies and tactics to ensure software quality throughout all stages of application development.

Packaged Application Integration – Knowledge of and the ability to implement packaged application software and integrate it with company applications, databases and technology platforms.

System Development Life Cycle – Knowledge of project management techniques and the ability to plan, design, develop, test, implement and maintain system development life cycle segments and phases.

Technical Troubleshooting – Knowledge of technical troubleshooting approaches, tools and techniques, and the ability to anticipate, recognize, and resolve technical (hardware, software, application or operational) problems.

Technical Writing/Documentation – Knowledge of the technical language and writing approach, and the ability to write paper-based and on-line technical reference documentation (guidelines, standards, procedures, processes, applications, etc.)

Work Experience

Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree with New to PNC.

Disability Accommodations Statement:
The PNC workplace is inclusive and supportive of individual needs. If you have a physical or other impairment that might require an accommodation, including technical assistance with the PNC Careers website or submission process, please call 877-968-7762 and select Option 4: Recruiting or contact us via email at pathfinder@pnc.com.

The Human Resources Service Center hours of operation are Monday - Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM ET.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO):
PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents

Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.A career in our Financial Services Enabling Technologies practice, within Industry and Functional Apps services, will provide you with the opportunity to build secure and new digital experiences for customers, employees, and suppliers. We focus on improving apps or developing new apps for traditional and mobile devices as well as conducting usability testing to find ways to improve our clients’ user experience.

As part of our team, you’ll help clients harness technology systems in financial services focusing on areas such as insurance, sales performance management, retirement and pension, asset management, and banking & capital markets.
Responsibilities
As a Manager, you’ll work as part of a team of problem solvers with extensive consulting and industry experience, helping our clients solve their complex business issues from strategy to execution. Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Proactively assist in the management of a portfolio of clients, while reporting to Senior Managers and above
Be involved in the financial management of clients
Be actively involved in business development activities to help identify and research opportunities on new/existing clients
Contribute to the development of your own and team’s technical acumen
Develop strategies to solve complex technical challenges
Assist in the management and delivering of large projects
Train, coach, and supervise staff
Keep up to date with local and national business and economic issues
Continue to develop internal relationships and your PwC brand
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
7 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Computer Applications, Computer Programming, Computer Engineering, Engineering and Business, Engineering, Management Information Systems, Information Technology

Certification(s) Preferred:
Guidewire Certifications in PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas:
Knowledge of P&C Insurance domain (Policy, Claims, and Billing applications as per product requirements);
Knowledge and demonstrated ability with Java or GOSU programming;
Knowledge and hands-on experience working with J2EE, Application Servers, XML/Web Services/ RDBMS; and,
Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter Configuration development experience.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record of success managing teams and executing the following areas:
Designing, developing, modifying, and deploying software, including object-oriented programming concepts with using design standards and best practices;
Planning, designing, developing, modifying, testing, debugging, and maintaining GOSU language application code within Guidewire PolicyCenter, BillingCenter and/or ClaimCenter;
Configuring screen layouts, including creation of new screens (PCFs);
Configuring workflows based on business requirements and logic;
Configuring operational and administration related parameters such as roles and permissions, user attributes regions, and activity patterns;
Resolving issues identified during testing of the configuration requirements;
Handling the responsibility of organizing code merges and environment management tasks;
Performing minor and major Guidewire software upgrades;
Working a Middleware platform like Websphere ESB, MuleSoft, Webmethods or a similar software platform;
Working on various data structures and platforms from legacy flat files to complex relational models;
Implementing integration modules that can be reused, ensuring loose coupling as well as easy scalability of various systems and its components;
Developing GUnit/Junit tests for testing business logic;
Designing and developing batch processes inside the Guidewire Centers as well as external batch processes that connects with Guidewire systems; and,
Designing and developing adapters and service APIs and Plugin components based on business requirements.
Demonstrates extensive abilities and/or a proven record success in the following areas:
Working with a development team using Agile methodology, Source version control, and Release management to deliver user stories and ultimately software;
Managing projects, programs, and teams of various sizes;
Leading a team of developers and working with both onshore & offshore teams in different timezones;
Architecting and creating solution designs and effectively presenting solution architecture with various options and estimates;
Assisting in GOSU code reviews, code cleanups and helping to perform sprint demos;
Utilizing technical experiences in Java/GOSU to build and maintain integrations for multi-platform applications; and,
Designing, developing and deploying complex integrations working with Guidewire software and multi-tier applications and systems.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisorymanager.

#LI-Remote
Job Discription: The Release Manager role provides a critical function in the review and approval of changes and the evaluation of evidence for the DAS team’s releases consisting of projects, programs, technical work efforts and fixes. This role ensures consistency and adherence to enterprise change standards from the onset of the work effort through turnover to BAU. This role supports a team that ensures platform stability.   Required Skills 4 year degree; Proficient in MS Word, Excel Experience with data/information technology projects  Desired Skills Learns Quickly, Adaptable and Comfortable in Grey Space PMP certification or other industry certification Knowledge of JIRA and Agile Experience PMO Experience  #DEL

 Equivalent Experience 
 

Description:
 We are seeking multiple Software Engineers in a REMOTE work format for a large scale Army R&D program that entering it’s second of three phases of prototypes before moving into the program of record phase. This program is the Army's mobile intelligence ground station that will leverage space-based, aerial and terrestrial layer sensors to provide targetable data. The system will provide access to low earth orbit satellites, enable deep sensing and shorten the sensor-to-shooter loop. It will also feature a modular, open-systems architecture, and will employ analytic tools, including advanced artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML), to assist soldiers and analysts managing large volumes of sensor data at the speed of demand in multidomain operations and across the continuum of competition and conflict. 
 Our software engineers will be involved with all phases of the software development life cycle including: 
 SW requirements analysis 
 Use case support 
 SW architecture analysis 
 Detailed design 
 Software builds 
 Generating test plans 
 Ensuring code meets requirements through thorough unit testing 
 Updating technical documents 
 Software integration support 
 Problem detection and resolving discrepancy reports 
 

Skills:
 Java, JavaScript, ArcGIS, informatica 
 

Additional Skills & Qualifications:
Required Experience:
 Bachelors Degree in Engineering or related 
 
2+ Years of experience in the following: JavaScript, Java, ArcGIS, and User Interface development. 
 Ability to design, develop, and maintain new software functionality 
 Ability to work with previously written code and make modifications as necessary 
 Eligible for US DoD Clearance (TS/SCI would be a plus) 
 

Preferred:
 Experience with Informatica (preferred) 
 

Experience Level:
 Intermediate Level 
 

About Actalent:
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
 
 The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

Insight Global is looking for a Senior Node JS Developer with extensive hands-on experience in all aspects of the Node JS framework. This individual will be a member of a small Agile development team, focusing on the development of solid and well-documented serverless cloud-based software, while participating in all activities of the software delivery lifecycle, including analysis and design. We are seeking an individual who has passion for writing clean and efficient code, while mentoring others!
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, BUT NOT LIMITED TO: 

Applying expert-level knowledge and experience creating Node server-side applications and APIs using Typescript.
Author unit and integration tests in a TDD development environment.
Hands-on experience using AWS Serverless microservices and cloud application development practices.
Functioning within an Agile software development environment to help deliver quality solutions in a timely manner.
Interacting with end users, management and developers to determine the best user experience for our customers.
Using customer and management feedback effectively while improving the existing project.

TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS: 

Must have at least one year of working with AWS Architecture (Lambda, SNS, SQS, API Gateway, Cognito, etc.).
Must have a minimum of 4 years actively coding in Node JS for web application development.
Must have a minimum of 4 years’ experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) or at least writing substantial unit and integration test coverage.
Must have a minimum of 4 years’ experience writing and calling REST based services.
Must have experience developing web applications that use databases. (SQL Server, PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Node.js: 4 years (Preferred)
AWS: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel)Location: United StatesSalary: $120,000 + BenefitsBenefits: Medical/Dental/Vision, 401k, Holidays, PTOJob Type: Full-TimeStart Date: ASAPSponsorship not available
[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel)
Our client in the information technology industry is looking for a [Remote] Senior Linux OS Engineer to add to their growing team in the United States. You will be responsible for developing operating systems, providing support for existing products, and introducing new technologies/products as part of an established and innovative team. Our client needs an individual with at least 8 years of experience in the Linux kernel, successful with asynchronous and parallel programming, and familiar with open-source communities. To succeed in this role, you should also have written device drivers or developed in relevant Linux kernelsubsystems (virtual memory management, scheduler, filesystems, network stack). If you are looking for an opportunity to be part of developing next-generation products, where your contributions are recognized both inside and outside of the company, this could be a great fit for you.
[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel) Responsibilities

Design and develop code inside Linux (C language)
Provide remote support for users (diagnosis and debugging)
Maintain connections with open-source communities
Deliver status reports for projects in process
Collaborate with internal OS team

[Remote] Senior Operating Systems Engineer (Linux Kernel) Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science required
8+ years of UNIX / Linux OS experience required
5+ years of development in Linux subsystems required
Experience with version control, source code management, and project-tracking software required
Strong understanding of sharing protocols required

About #twiceasnice Recruiting
Across industries, roles, and North America, we help clients quickly attract top talent with custom-built searches. With the lowest fee in the industry, the longest guarantee, and commission-free senior recruiters - we align our interests with the long-term success of every placement.
Need recruiting help? www.twonice.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Application Question(s):

Can you program with C language?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

UNIX / Linux OS: 8 years (Required)
software development: 5 years (Required)
version control: 1 year (Required)
sharing protocol: 1 year (Required)
FreeBSD: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations

Senior UI Software Engineer - JavaScript, ReactIdeal locations include Boston, MA and Milwaukee, WI - will consider REMOTE candidates willing to visit office on bi-annual basisMUST HAVEs:  JavaScript with modern framework; React (strongly preferred / that is what we use – may be open to Angular or Vue). Senior level role so must be able to code at a Sr. level outside of React, as well.401K contributions: 100% match on first 4%Vacation: unlimited PTO, guidance between 4-5 weeks/yearHealthcare: 2 different plans available with HSA and FSA options availableInterview process: 1st step with me (45 minutes) - Cultural/high level tech screening. Tech screen (60-90 mins) – Technical questions and live coding assessment, Hiring mgr interview – 45-60 minutes
SCOPE: Work closely with engineering leads, and other business functions to understand technical requirements for software products and solutions.Define well thought-out technical architecture and implementation approach for your area of focus.Contribute to platform framework and foundation that can scale globally to meet customers and business requirement from different countries around the world.
REQUIREMENTS: Javascript - at least 5 yearsModern React experience - at least 5 years; years of experience with similar framework in lieu of React will be consideredTypescript experience - at least 2 yearsMobile-first Responsive development experienceCustomizable UI experience - drag n drop, scrolling elements, etc.Legacy browsers support up to IE 11 experience.
Not necessary, but appreciated:Writing unit tests for FrontendStyled-components libraryOther state-management libraries except Redux experience.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

UI: 5 years (Required)
UX: 1 year (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Required)
TypeScript: 2 years (Required)
React: 1 year (Preferred)
Vue.js: 1 year (Preferred)
angular: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  REMOTE Senior C#/UI Frontend Developer - Blazor 
  
   Founded in 2015 and built-out by a Seasoned MIT Engineer alongside an industry veteran, we are modernizing the insurance underwriting process through the use of AI!
   
 We have built the Next Generation Underwriting and Distribution Management Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) Platform that powers our suite of insurance optimized data solutions to help insurance companies manage, utilize & expand their data to improve underwriting accuracy and manage risk. But that's not all, we are also building a company of developers, nsurance experts, data scientist's and machine learning/AI engineers,where collegiality and respect are at the core and drives us to success!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

We're switching tracks from what was to be a React PWA and immediately conducting a re-write to Blazor. You will work hand-in-hand to put us on a new stable foundation for the future. We are seeking a Senior/Lead Level resource who comes with extensive hands on experience delivering .Net Core/Blazor applications

 What You Need for this Position

C#
UI
.NET Core
.NET
Blazor (plus)

 What's In It for You

Flexible PTO schedule, Holidays, Sick Days, etc
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, etc
Tuition reimbursement
etc


    So, if you are a REMOTE Senior C#/UI Frontend Developer - Blazor, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dylan Rogelstad
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


  Director Front End Development React REMOTE 
  
   If you are a Director/Manager that is comfortable leading teams + designing/developing consumer facing web applications, please read on!
   
 We are a publicly traded, #1 company in the industrial technology & IoT (Internet of Things) company with roots in North America and Europe, along with a team of 12k+ employees. -This will be a fully remote role and will be 30% hands on 70% management/code reviews-
  
 What You Will Be Doing

You will be responsible for leading multiple frontend and full stack teams to build the next generation user experience systems that will be used by our customers, agents, partners, and internal teams.
Lead the changes in digital experience to create a user-friendly and adaptive design experience across desktop and mobile devices
Mentor the engineering managers and developers across the organization in Software development principles, patterns & processes
Work with UI/UX design teams and product teams to deliver the business outcomes on time and with high quality.

 What You Need for this Position

5+ years leading application teams
5+ years designing and developing secure consumer facing web applications using JavaScript
Experience with a few of the following: React, Node.js, TypeScript, Redux
AWS or Azure (we use)
Experience building cloud native apps and in microservices architecture
Experience mentoring and growing developers

 Bonus points for: 
  

Experience with content management systems like Sitecore, Adobe, OpenText etc.
Experience with search providers like Coveo, Lucid works or home-grown systems with Apache Solr etc.
In-depth knowledge of using any of the testing framework like Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc.

 What's In It for You

Strong base pay 
HUGE room for career growth
Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401k


    So, if you are a Director, Front End Development looking for a full remote opportunity - please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Bobby June
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Career Opportunity – Senior Database Programmer with Firma Clinical Research - Remote
Is Database Design in the field of clinical research your passion? Can you write SAS code? Can you design, develop, and configure Electronic Data Capture programs for clinical trials? If so, we want to speak with you about our position!
Firma Clinical Research is a clinical research organization offering global in-home clinical trial studies. We make clinical trial participation possible for patients who otherwise may not have the option. We are looking to add a Senior Database Programmer to our team!
Fully Remote Position
The Senior Database Programmer is responsible to carry out database design related activities independently to support clinical projects. The primary responsibilities will include:

Design and develop the configuration of EDC systems for clinical trials and perform/maintain edit checks and data extractions in EDC systems.
Review the User Acceptance Test (UAT) specification document.
Conduct study start-up activities, including test CRF mock-up and entry, database screen testing, edit check development/testing, and other relevant tasks.
Design, implement, and maintain clinical databases, including Clinical Data Interchange Standards.
Consortium (CDISC) compliant databases.
Lead in design CRF/eCRFs. Create annotated CRFs for design of clinical trial database and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) data submission.
Create and maintain data dictionaries and eCRF screens.
Write SAS codes to generate data management-related reports, listings and edit checks, as needed.

The ideal candidate will have:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Life Science, or related field, or equivalent defined as a minimum of 6 years related, combined experience in employment, education, knowledge, and skills that will enable the incumbent to proficiently perform the duties of the role is required. A Master's Degree is preferred.
Minimum 4 years clinical trial experience with clinical data management.
Knowledge of database programming, relational database systems, or statistical packages.

This is an exciting opportunity to join a professional and impactful clinical research organization. Come join us! Apply online today!
Employer is EEO/M/F/D/V. Please no third-party candidates or phone calls.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
A career in our Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics will provide you the opportunity to solve our clients most critical business and data protection related challenges. You will be part of a growing team driving strategic programs, data analytics, innovation, deals, cyber resilency, response, and technical implementation activities. You will have access to not only the top Cybersecurity, Privacy and Forensics professionals at PwC, but at our clients and industry analysts across the globe.

Our Identity and Access Management team focuses on helping our clients design, implement and operate effective access controls that protect against threats, support business objectives, and enable growth. As companies pivot toward a digital business model, exponentially more data is generated and shared among organizations, partners and customers. You'll play an integral role in helping our clients ensure they are protected by using the latest strategies and tools in effectively managing access to all this data. Our team helps organizations manage access to critical assets by focusing on areas like Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories.

In joining, you'll be a part of a team that values technical and business acumen and provides training and development to extend and develop your skills while, fostering a strong collaborative culture. You'll have the opportunity to focus on Access Management (AM), Identity Governance & Administration (IGA), Privileged Access Management (PAM), Entitlement Management and Directories, among other skills.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be an authentic and inclusive leader, at all grades/levels and in all lines of service. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities and coach to help deliver results.
Develop new ideas and propose innovative solutions to problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from from current trends in business area.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Share relevant thought leadership.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality, diverse relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
Bachelor Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:
3 year(s)

Preferred Qualifications:

Preferred Fields of Study:
Computer and Information Science, Information CyberSecurity, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, Computer Applications, Computer Engineering

Certification(s) Preferred:
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), Certified JAVA Developer, certification with IAM products including SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA
Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success managing client engagements relating to the creation of business processes and solutions enabled by identity and access management, including requirements analysis, strategy, design, implementation, operations and application/business integration.
Demonstrates thorough knowledge of IAM concepts such as directory services, SSO, federation, MFA, provisioning, access certification, roles and SOD.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success utilizing the following when producing deliverables for client engagements related to managing successful enterprise scale IAM implementations, including the following areas:
Utilizing an IAM suite of products - e.g. SailPoint, ForgeRock, Ping, Okta, CyberArk, Oracle, CA - and of their design and implementation
Utilizing and applying knowledge of computer science skills such as Java, Python, OOP concepts, Computer Networking, SDLC, operating systems fundamentals (Windows, Unix, Linux);
Conducting quantitative and qualitative analyses of large and complex data;
Utilizing hands-on knowledge of agile development methodologies and DevOps tools (Github/GitLab, Jenkins, AWS Code Deploy, Jira, Confluence, Artifactory, etc.) to enable continuous development / integration model
Utilizing knowledge and experience in public cloud environments (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) and developing IAM solutions for and in the cloud
Leveraging creative thinking and problem solving skills, individual initiative, and utilizing productivity tools - e.g. Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, and collaboration tools - e.g. Mail, Calendar, where necessary
Identifying and addressing client needs: building relationships with clients; developing an awareness of relevant services; communicating with the client in an organized and knowledgeable manner; delivering clear requests for information; demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks; and communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor
Performing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles; contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback; providing guidance, clarification and feedback to less experienced staff
Communicating in an organized and knowledgeable manner in written and verbal formats including delivering clear requests for information and communicating potential conflicts
Contributing and supervising specific workstreams on an engagement or engagements, staying educated on current trends and assisting in the development of knowledge capital
Collaborating with business development teams responsible for writing and presenting proposals to prospective clients
Identifying and addressing client needs while displaying the ability to contribute to the development of a business vision and manage implementation efforts with complex project management capabilities
Contributing to business development opportunities and/or engagements from pre-sale and initial scoping through final delivery and sign-off
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoadvisoryseniorassociate.

#LI-Remote

Employment Requirements
 This opportunity is not open to C2C relationships or visa sponsorship.
  
 This opportunity offers remote work.
  

Job Description
 Our client, a leading North American Distributor of the world’s top luxury & premium wine, spirits, and beer brands is seeking a talented Senior Azure Developer to join their growing team. As a Senior Azure Developer, you will be responsible for participating in the planning, development, maintenance, and enhancement of applications and the functional areas of package. The Senior Azure Developer also maintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. If you’re an experienced Senior Azure Developer looking to make a splash in a new industry, apply today!
  


Responsibilities


Work with the Project Managers, Manager, Architects, Technical Leads and Business Stakeholders to understand the processes, workflows and requirements
Participates in architectural decisions, design, development and testing of new features of the commercial software applications based on the requirements provided by the customers or internal specifications - also, work with the team on design and code review sessions for the new features that are being implemented within a system
Responsible for identifying, troubleshooting issues and debugging the application code in addition to the maintenance of the existing systems
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks and participating in professional societies



Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or a closely related field with coursework in technology-related subjects
Azure certification will be a plus
3 to 5 years of experience in the following disciplines or other applicable applications:
 o Cloud Services, App Services, Azure Functions, Logic Apps, Azure Service Bus, .Net, Odata, Web API
   o Experience in using Azure services such as ADLS Gen 2, Azure Functions, Azure messaging services, Azure SQL Server, Azure KeyVault, Azure Cognitive services, Azure Data Factory, etc.
   o Familiarity using private endpoints/private links
   o Very good understanding of Azure authentication, authorization, service principals, identity and Access Management
   o Strong Experience in developing code (especially Azure Functions/App Services/REST API) using Python or C# as the language
   o Experience using automated unit testing
   o Experience processing data files in different formats including (but not limited to) JSON, XML, CSV, Parquet, Avro etc.
   o Experience implementing application security (encryption/decryption techniques) frameworks
   o Experience using Source code technologies like GIT
   o Experience using Azure DevOps, setting up CI/CD pipelines
   o Experience with Postman
  

Experience with ABAP development is strongly desired
Experience with Snowflake a plus
An understanding of the software development lifecycles, planning and implementation
Familiarity with SAP architecture is strongly desired
Experience with SAP Data Services and Fiori is strongly desired
Experience in the sales and marketing and pricing aspects of the distribution industry is a plus




  Remote - Senior UX Designer, Enterprise Software B2B 
  
   Remote - If you're a Senior UX Designer who enjoys overcoming some challenging product design work and would like to join a fast growing UX organization that's in the process of going from 30 to 60 professionals - please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    1. We are a computer security company experiencing unprecedented growth over the past 5 years where we've scaled from a few hundred to a few thousand employees
    2. We believe in computer security and are leading one of the largest and fastest growing sectors within the technology world - by being one step ahead and preventing breaches before they occur
    3. This is a role, team and opportunity to lead a major sub product within our overall platform group. Think of a dashboard SAAS product and design leadership over a critical heavily integrated module
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    One of our products is designed to identify security breaches and then let our clients choose what to do next (Think of a problem that involves "if this than that")
    What you'll be leading is the design of the configurable module within our platform team that allows our customers to configure and customize how our software reacts to changes within their environments
    Sort of the way that AWS will spin up a new server when certain metrics are met / parameters are filled, our product works in a similar fashion for escalating levels of Security prevention
    As a Senior or Principal UX Person - you are expected to work w/ other teams and discuss problems, challenges, and ideas with others. 
    Ask many many questions to gain a solid understanding of a super complex piece of software that serves an industry most people aren't already exposed to 
    Understand overall product design - figure out how to solve existing challenges and present compelling material at all phases of the design lifecycle
  
 What You Need for this Position

User Experience Design
Information Architecture
Prototyping
Workflow Analysis
SaaS Products
Enterprise Software
Usability Best Practices
UI Design
Interaction Design
Workflow Driven Applications

 What's In It for You

    Join a fast growing UX organization within a company that currently has 30 UX professionals and growing to 60 w/ lots of opportunities
    Join a fast growing, POST IPO and established technology company, with a huge focus on engineering excellence and product development practices
    Create and establish best design practices for the products + teams you'll be working with
    Excellent base salary + annual bonus + generous RSU Package 
    Excellent benefits
    Encouraged + Unlimited PTO
    100% Remote / WFH environment (even before Covid we recognized the importance of remote flexibility)
  

    So, if you are a Remote - Senior UX Designer, with some Enterprise Software Product + UX Design Experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Aaron Frankel
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 





















Company Description:
 myCOI is an early industry-leader in the insurance technology space providing an innovative SaaS solution for tracking, processing, and managing certificates of insurance. Our Purpose - Erase the Worry through The Work We Do – Eliminating the disruptive impact of an insurance claim. Based in Indianapolis, myCOI’s proven track record of national growth and success has impacted hundreds of customers who use our products and services ranging from Fortune 100, Higher Education, Construction, Logistics, Healthcare, Property Management, down to some of our local favorite sports teams. myCOI Central offers an easy-to-use, cloud-based solution to protect organizations and ensure end-to-end compliance. It’s smart technology that has our industry expertise built right in-designed to provide a single place to view COI’s, compliance, and risk reporting, for vendors, suppliers, tenants, subcontractors, franchisees, and carriers. myCOI’s channel partners, a great leadership team that is energetic, innovative, and goal-oriented; along with living our core values: Unite, Reach, Own It, Choose Positive and Innovate, drives our continued growth and success.
 We work hard to maintain an open, supportive culture that promotes the pursuit of excellence. As a member of our team, you’ll enjoy a competitive compensation package, great work-life balance and an innovative, supportive culture. We know that myCOI’s success derives from great teamwork and each individual’s exceptional results. Join us on our mission to disrupt, innovate, and lead the industry!
 Position Summary:
 The Senior.NET Developer role is for a senior-level Developer who will work closely with Senior Developers, and in-house stakeholders, to design and implement new product features that evolve and improve the established product. As a key member of our technical team, you will participate and take ownership in modernizing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product that will provide intuitive end user adoption and a dynamic user experience. The role will assist in maintaining and improving upon the current product through enhancements and fixing defects. The Senior.Net Developer will directly impact a rapidly growing company by advancing the product through innovation and use of full stack modern web development technologies. As a key contributor to our success, you will thrive in an agile, entrepreneurial atmosphere on a diverse and experienced development team. Come thrive with a leader in the exciting, rapidly growing InsurTech industry! 
What Makes this a Great Opportunity:

 Represent a leading SaaS company with the most innovative technology in the industry and a 95% customer retention rate
 Work for a 2021 Indy Star Top Workplaces winner and 2022 TechPoint #MiraAwards Exceptional Employer Award winner.
                      
Great work-life balance, company culture and benefits (including 401k & Paternity leave).

 Ability to inspire and transform by enhancing our products with more innovation and automation to positively disrupt the industry and further protect our customers.
 Work on a highly skilled technical development team that is collaborative, innovative, and strategic.
 Work on a truly modern product that is transforming the InsurTech industry.
 Work with supportive leadership and with co-workers focused on helping you succeed.
 Professional growth & learning opportunities 
Great work-life balance, company culture and 4-day workweek option

 Essential Responsibilities: 

Work closely with Senior Developers and in-house subject matter experts to help design and implement well-defined product features
 Under the guidance of Senior Developers, participate and take ownership in modernizing and advancing the architecture and technologies used to build a scalable product focused on quick user adoption and a great user experience
 Maintain, evolve, and improve the established product by implementing enhancements and fixing defects
 Utilization of the latest selected technology stack in your day to day development activities
 Takes initiative and is passionate about learning new technology 
Ability to work collaboratively and communicate open and honestly with team members
 Participate in update meetings that focus on daily workflows, enhancements, and technologies
 Other duties as assigned

 Travel Responsibilities:

 Minimal travel for learning and development opportunities when travel restrictions are lifted.

 Basic Qualifications:

 5+ years programming experience with .NET
 Understanding of .NET frameworks
 Well-versed in following technologies: HTML, CSS3, JavaScript, ReactJS, ASP.NET Web Forms (a plus), ASP.NET MVC, C#, Web API, Entity Framework, Microsoft SQL Server 2019 and above, Visual Studio 2019 and above
 Ability to learn quickly and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Agile Methodologies
 Microsoft Azure DevOps
 REST based APIs
 Creativity and willingness to be open and share ideas
 OCR experience is a plus
 Willingness to work in a wide array of web, middle tier and database technologies

 Educational Requirements:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related discipline is preferred

 Compensation:

 Competitive compensation package

 Benefits:

 Medical
 401k w/match
 HSA
 Dental
 Vision
 Short Term Disability Insurance
 Paternity and Maternity leave for expecting parents.
 Pet Insurance
 Life
 Paid Time Off (Holiday, Vacation, 8 hours community volunteer time)

 Location:

 Remote



















 PI177593106


*Only W2 candidates will be considered for this position*
Our Fortune 50 telecom and media Client has two (2) openings for a SQL Developer.
The work doesn't revolve around a single project. There are 300 projects that this team is handling and each member is working on different projects. This group supports sales, marketing, finance and operations teams. Technologies focus in SQL, Tableau and Python. 90% of the role is with SQL with the remainder is mostly within Tableau.
Pay range is $35-39/hr on W2. This is a long-term contract position which is an ongoing position that is planned for extension.
There is a preference for onsite in Englewood, CO but remote within the US will be considered.
Responsibility: 
-Taking ownership of the development side of working with SQL Server.-Take ownership of existing database code and schema, as well as trouble shooting and improving.-Ensure production and development environments and maintenance.-Responsible for all aspects of database design, development and deployment.-Produce ER data models.-Advise on enhancing data integrity and availability.-Constantly improve the SQL Server environment, and processes.-Manage Integrity, Index Tuning, and Production refresh of SQL Server databases.
Skills: -Bachelor’s Degree.- 3+ years experience as a SQL Developer.- 2+ years of experience with Tableau- 2+ years of experience with Python- 2+ years experience with database design and development.- Excellent knowledge of XML Data type, XML Shredding and related performance tuning.
-Experience with the following: SOA, .net/C#, WCF and ORM.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $35.00 - $39.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

(Yes/No) Are you able to work on W2?

Experience:

Tableau: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: One location


  Ruby Developer - Series A startup 
  
   If you are a Software Engineer with 3+ years of Ruby experience, we would love to speak with you!
   
 We are a 50-person startup in the education technology space who just closed a $10 million round of funding and we are looking to grow! We currently have 6 team members on our Engineering team and are looking to hire 2-3 more engineers who are strong with Ruby, Rails, and modern Javascript and/or Typescript! In these roles we can pay a base salary of $150-170K + significant equity and benefits. You will never be asked to work in an office, these roles are 100% remote permanently.
  
 What You Need for this Position

RUBY
Rails
JavaScript
TypeScript
REACT
AWS


    So, if you are a Ruby Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Michael Manbert
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Title: BI Database Developer
Location: Remote (US)
Duration: 4- 6 month Contract to Hire Compensation: $50-70/hr Depending on Experience
About the Role: This BI Database Developer will work with a small but strong team to alleviate some pressure to get data moved into the company Enterprise Data Warehouse from their multiple partnerships and vendors. They will work with Azure and get to learn new exciting database technology like Snowflake and FiveTran, and Matillion as well as data-vault database design methodology. This is an amazing opportunity to learn the newest BI Tech and grow long term.
Required Skills:

Data Modeling, ETL, Data Analysis, Reporting
Strong SQL/Database experience. 
Must be a self-starter and not someone who just does exactly what is asked. Want someone who thinks for themselves, recognizes areas of opportunity, and runs with them.
BI tools: SSIS, Informatica, and/or Tableau exp.
Healthcare experience is a PLUS

About the Company: This company is leading the way in advance home healthcare. They offer competitive salary, great benefits, and you get to work for a company that is rapidly growing with lots of room for internal growth. You will have a voice within the organization with direct lines of communication the to the top leadership where you can make a real an immediate impact on both the company culture and the direction of technology.


GridIron IT is seeking an Applications Programmer to join our rapidly growing team supporting a federal government client.
Ability to obtain Public Trust Clearance required
Essential Job Functions:

Devising and modifying applications programs and procedures from detailed specifications to solve complex problems. Designs, codes, tests, debugs, documents, and maintains those programs.
Ability to deliver competent O&M and system enhancement support by executing all phases of applications programming activities.

Prior experience with the below technologies will help you excel in this role.

Required:
Nodejs, JavaScript, Electron
React/SPA
AWS serverless framework (API Gateway, ALB, Lambda, DynamoDB, EventBridge, Kinesis, S3, DMS)
Preferred
Java; SQL – Oracle, PostgreSQL; JSP
App Servers – Tomcat, WildFly, WebSphere
Frameworks –Spring, Spring Boot, Struts
ORM – JPA, Hibernate, MyBatis
MQ/JMS – IBM MQ Series, ActiveMQ
REST concepts; JWT
Testing: JUnit, Selenium, JMeter
Angular
DevOps:
Jenkins/Cloudbees – Groovy Jenkinsfile development
Ansible – Playbook development, Tower management
Hashicorp Terraform and Hashicorp Vault
Certificate management; Jira issue management; Git source code management

Other beneficial skills/knowledge areas:

Encryption
Authentication mechanisms: OAuth, SAML, AWS Cognito, Kerberos
Linux systems management
Bash scripting
AWS CLI

Minimum Required Qualifications:

US citizenship is required.
Able to obtain and maintain a Public Trust clearance.
Bachelor's degree.
To be considered at an Intermediate level, you must have a minimum of 5+ years of experience as an Applications Programmer.
To be considered at a Senior level, you must have 10+ years of experience as an Applications Programmer.
To be considered at an Architect level, you must have 15+ years of experience as an Applications Programmer. Salary will be based on years of experience.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Ability to work as a team player.
Detailed documentation skills.
Excellent oral and written communications.
Strong customer service/client facing skills.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $68,433.00 - $149,536.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Java: 4 years (Required)
Javascript: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Job Description
At Boeing, we innovate and collaborate to make the world a better place. From the seabed to outer space, you can contribute to work that matters with a company where diversity, equity and inclusion are shared values. We’re committed to fostering an environment for every teammate that’s welcoming, respectful and inclusive, with great opportunity for professional growth. Find your future with us.
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking a Senior Software Engineer (UI Developer) to join their top-tier team

Work Location:
Annapolis Junction, MD
Telework Availability: Yes - 16 hours a week

Duties Include:
Responsible for API development; create and maintain API documentation for publication
Design and code new software to modify existing software to add new features
Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments
Develop, update, and maintain 508 Compliant User Interfaces
Develop services for existing or proposed databases or data repositories
Review and test software components for adherence to the design requirements and document test results
Provide specific input to the software components of system design to include hardware/software trade-offs, software reuse, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components
Perform database and software life-cycle activities to ensure highest level of system performance and availability and compliance with business requirements

Required Education/Years of Experience:
14 years of experience with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required OR 18 years total of software development experience may be substituted for candidates without a qualifying bachelor’s degree.

Required Skills/Qualifications (What You Must Have):
An Active TS/SCI clearance with polygraph

Technical Experience:
At least fourteen (14) years in software development/engineering including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution. The individual must be able to communicate directions and provide guidance to junior programmer/analysts, as required.
At least ten (10) years of experience developing web applications using HTML and Javascipt.
Knowledge of backbone.js or vue.js.
Experience maintaining a user focused web application.
Familiar with messaging, such as JMS and REST interfaces.
Experience using Git, Maven, Nexus, and NPM.
Experience with Shell Scripting (Linux Bash)
Experience designing and conducting software tests; including Unit, Integration, and System tests using Junit
Experience with Linux (basic system administration knowledge)
Experience responding to user issues
Excellent organizational skills to keep track of emails and tickets
Good interpersonal skills. Must be able to interact with software development team members
Ability to work in a dynamically changing environment
Experience with Agile methods, Scrum, and XP
Maintaining knowledge of industry trends and standards
Experience with JIRA

BI&A is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law (PDF)

Equal Opportunity Employer:
Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
 Equivalent Experience 
 

TEKsystems is looking for a strong developer WITH SOLR experience. This is a very long term, remote role working on a collaborative environment. 
Top Skills Details:
 Java, J2EE, Spring, MVC, solr, relevancy, tokenizer or analyzer
 Responsibilities:
 . work to help modernize their Solr search platform. 

Member of an Agile development team
Participate in release and iteration planning meetings with engineers and users
Employ organizational design patterns to develop application logic

 Experience Required:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related area
10 years of Java programming (Java Certification a plus). Prior experience working in a large eCommerce application is preferred
Essential experience with the following technologies / framework: Java, J2EE, Ruby on Rails, RDBS, NoSQL, Lucene, SOLR

 . Experience writing Java applications using SolrJ for indexing content.

10 years development experience and 7+ years IT industry experience Experience working in applications or IT operations.
Knowledge of an agile team environment and process. 
Knowledge of version control tools like GIT or Subversion is preferred

 

About TEKsystems:
We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. 
The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.



Pratt & Whitney is working to once again transform the future of flight—designing, building and servicing engines unlike any the world has ever seen. And because transformation begins from within, we’re seeking the people to drive it. So, calling all curious. 

Come ready to explore and you’ll find a place where your talent takes flight—beyond the borders of title, a country or your comfort zone. Bring your passion and commitment and we’ll welcome you into a tight-knit team that takes our mission personally. Channel your drive to make a difference into shaping an organization and an industry that’s evolving fast to the future. 

Innovation through diversity of thought. At Pratt & Whitney, we believe diversity of thought enables creativity, innovation, and a foundation for inclusion. By fostering an inclusive culture, we accept a shared accountability and responsibility to recognize, sponsor, coach, hire and promote talent equally. We welcome our employees to be their whole - best - selves at work because trust, respect and integrity, are a part of our DNA.

 At Pratt & Whitney, the difference you make is on display every day. Just look up. Are you ready to go beyond?

 The Digital Technology Group is looking for a motivated Senior MBSE-PLM Developer

 Key Responsibilities:

 Work as a developer and complete configurations to deliver and execute global MBSE requirements in support of world class system availability and performance
 Partner with engineering MBSE & PLM discipline team and third-party resources to complete development requirements on the Pratt enterprise MBSE environment
 Develop code or configurations in alignment with our Pratt PLM DevSecOps processes; help in growing DevSecOps overall for our PLM platform
 Stay up to date on best practices of SysML modeling tools
 Assist the Engineering team in the development and management of a SysML models and aid their development cycles
 Participate in standups, planning sessions, reviews, demos, etc as coordinated by the Project Manager
 Work on integrations between MBSE platform and other enterprise systems (including PLM, CAD, ERP, MES) to enable end-to-end data connectivity across the organization
 Consulting with Engineering customers to advise on key MBSE product and configuration challenges
 Administrate MBSE configurations within the environment (Dev, Test, Prod)
 Help with deployment of application performance monitoring tools to improve the performance and reliability of MBSE systems
 Participate on the PLM Interdisciplinary Program Management Team to provide MBSE technical expertise and maintain project continuity and communicate deployment plans.
 Assist with P&W PLM roadmap including technologies and industry best practices.


 Basic Qualifications:

 U.S. Citizen required due to Government contractual requirements.
 Education
 Bachelor's Degree with 10+ years of relevant experience or an advanced degree with 7+ years of relevant experience.


 Preferred Qualifications:

 3+ years’ experience as an MBSE or PLM developer, engineer, administrator, or functional analyst, including code development for MBSE or PLM customizations, configuration updates, system administration, architecture design, application integration, product road mapping, authoring of MBSE technical specifications.
 3+ years’ experience in a technical role, either hands-on coding or configuration, experience as an engineer, or other similar (Python, C#, Java, C/C++, or similar).
 Ability to design and implement solutions for Teamcenter MBSE or CAMEO NoMagic.
 Possess exceptional written and oral communication skills, can develop clear, concise, and logically written business communications & deliver recommendations.
 Proven track record communicating within cross-functional team of technical resources, QA, and engineers.
 Demonstrated effectiveness working in a complex, service-intensive, deadline-driven environment.
 Ability to build strong relationships to leverage information and insights across key groups.
 Strong personal leadership, organizational, relationship-building, and negotiation skills.
 Self-starter with enthusiasm and strong customer service orientation.
 Advanced degree.
 Experience developing custom applications using the NXOpen API.
 Experience using Adobe Acrobat 3DPDF API and JavaScript.
 Familiarity with PMI and Characteristics, MIL-STD-31000 REV B, Industry knowledge of 3D PDF for product definition.
 Previous background as an engineer (mechanical, aerospace, software, etc)
 Ability to provide strategic technical MBSE & PLM leadership and lead by influence the creation of long-term strategy (e.g., more than 3 years) roadmaps in a virtual environment.
 Skilled at analyzing business process and seeing opportunities for digital solutions.
 Experience working in SDLC, Waterfall, or Agile program structures.
 Good communication skills, work ethic and a high level of personal integrity and accountability.
 Willing to learn new technologies & take on new projects to grow experience.
 Self-directed and able to learn quickly with ability to drive and deliver results
 Strong analytical skills, demonstrated organizational and leadership skills, examples of effective teamwork, a track record of consistently meeting deadlines and due dates.
 Comfortable working with minimal daily supervision and to balance numerous priorities.


 What is my role type?
 In addition to transforming the future of flight, we are also transforming how and where we work. We’ve introduced role types to help you understand how you will operate in our blended work environment. This role is:

 Remote: Employees who are working in Remote roles will work primarily offsite (from home).

 Candidates will learn more about role type and current site status throughout the recruiting process. For onsite and hybrid roles, commuting to and from the assigned site is the employee’s personal responsibility.

 Raytheon Technologies is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.



  Salesforce Lightning Developer REMOTE $140k 
  
   If you are a Salesforce Developer with experience and want to work REMOTE, please read on!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

    The Salesforce Lightning and SFMC (experience not necessary) Development
  
 What You Need for this Position

    More Than 3 Years of experience and knowledge of:
   


Salesforce
Lightning
Apex
SFMC (a plus not a must)


 What's In It for You

    This is a great opportunity to be part of a growing company where you will become indispensable quickly.
  

    So, if you are a Salesforce Lightning Developer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Dan Martinek
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Full Stack JavaScript Engineers needed! - Fully Remote! (No C2C) (No sponsorship offered by the client)  Position Summary:
 As a Full-Stack Engineer, you will be responsible for both driving the strategy and execution of our goal to develop and implement a scalable digital platform that allows us to deliver a portfolio of learning solutions to students, supported by teachers and parents.
 This individual will work with a team of talented developers and internal stakeholders to ensure that we are balancing both short-term and long-term goals. You will work closely with current teams and systems to integrate existing functionality into a platform solution that will allow for multiple cross-functional teams to concurrently produce value.
 We look for teammates who are humble, curious, kind, proactive, resourceful, and will challenge us to think differently about solutions. This is an incredible opportunity for someone who wants to drive change in education and improve how millions of students learn.
 What you'll do:

 Set technology standards and direct the execution of initiatives to develop a learning management platform from inception through implementation.
 Work with engineering teams to solve a class of problems highly technical in nature: (Architecture, Code, Scale and Security)
 Work with our team to establish and improve internal processes and workflows
 Contribute to growth and development of the software engineering team
 Provide technical guidance and coaching to peers
 Exhibit a hunger for continuous learning and improvement
 Work with an entrepreneurial mindset

 What we're looking for:

 5-10 years of experience as a software engineer with experience delivering commercially deployed SaaS solutions to market.
 Proficient technical knowledge of current tools and best practices at scale: (Deployment, Monitoring, Logging, Cloud services/infrastructure).
 Deep understanding of Object-Oriented Programming and Design, data structures, and algorithms.
 Experience with Distributed Systems (both in system design and data storage).
 Proficient with Node.js and related frameworks.
 In depth knowledge of Typescript/Javascript.
 Experience with React and React Native.
 Relational SQL and NoSQL databases.
 Experience with RESTful APIs and GraphQL.
 Experience managing CI/CD tools (e.g. Jenkins, Github Actions, etc)
 Experience deploying applications via CI/CD pipelines
 Experience managing Docker, Kubernetes, or other container systems
 Education Technology experience preferred.
 Ability to work in the US.

 Our Client is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.


IT BA (Application Development project focus)
Fully remote
Must Haves: 
-5+ years experience as an IT BA
-.NET experience/understanding (working on projects that have to do with .NET written applications)
-Experience interpreting business requirements from users
-Experience writing requirements independently
Plusses: 
Development experience
Web Form design experience
SQL Understanding
Understanding of basic data movements
QA experience (testing experience)
Day to day: 

Collaborate with team members to understand organizational and operational challenges
Keep up to date on the latest applications of information technology
Manage technical difficulties, working with developers when necessary
Work on projects related to internal facing applications such running on .NET
Liaison between technical teams and business teams
Write requirements for the business

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Business analysis: 5 years (Required)
.NET Project: 1 year (Required)
Web development: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

REQUIRED

Must have strong Full-stack development experience across distributed applications and services
Must be Proficient in Python
Experience in building the APIs and microservices using Python
Hands-on experience building and deploying applications using a variety of Amazon Web Services (primarily Cloud Formation, serverless, compute, container and database services)
Experience executing the Software Development Lifecycle in an agile environment
Ability to apply design patterns and object-orientation to solutions
Ability to triage, execute root cause analysis, and be decisive under pressure
Exposure to Unix shell and PowerShell scripting
Hands-on experience with containers and container orchestration preferred
Proficiency with CI/CD tools (Jenkins, Concourse preferred)

entegee.com
This message is intended only for the designated recipient(s). It may contain confidential or proprietary information and may be subject to other contractual or confidentiality protection. If you are not a designated recipient, you may not review, copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error, please notify the sender by reply email and delete this message.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $65.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
4+ years Full Stack solutions using C#, Angular and SQL (payroll experience is a plus)

Looking for a collaborative as well as autonomous Sr Software Developer to build easy to use API's and offer Platform Solutions by Integration Development
.Net, C#, Angular, SQL, Git & Azure workflow , automation CI/CD
Cerebral Staffing, LLC is seeking an Senior Software Developer to work for our direct client John Deere . This role is REMOTE
Skill Set Requirements:

Must have at least 5 years of experience working with Cloud computing, specifically with AWS.
Must have experience working with Big Data tools like Spark and Databricks
Experience with improving cost efficiency with cloud computing is preferred.

Job Description:-The primary function of this position is to work with the team who manages the big data platform to optimize cost efficiency
Cerebral Staffing offers health/vision/dental insurance, Paid Holiday/PTO short-time disability 
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $79.00 - $89.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote
A career in Information Technology, within Internal Firm Services, will provide you with the opportunity to support our core business functions by deploying applications that enable our people to work more efficiently and deliver the highest levels of service to our clients. You’ll focus on managing the design and implementation of technology infrastructure within PwC, developing and enhancing both client and internal facing applications within PwC, and providing technology tools that help create a competitive advantage for the Firm to drive strategic business growth.

Our Applications Programming - Practice Support team helps translate PwC’s business requirements through efficient and effective Information Technology software applications. We design, develop, test, and implement sophisticated software applications in support of the firms needs and requirements.
To really stand out and make us fit for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be a purpose-led and values-driven leader at every level. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.
As a Senior Associate, you'll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:
Use feedback and reflection to develop self awareness, personal strengths and address development areas.
Delegate to others to provide stretch opportunities, coaching them to deliver results.
Demonstrate critical thinking and the ability to bring order to unstructured problems.
Use a broad range of tools and techniques to extract insights from current industry or sector trends.
Review your work and that of others for quality, accuracy and relevance.
Know how and when to use tools available for a given situation and can explain the reasons for this choice.
Seek and embrace opportunities which give exposure to different situations, environments and perspectives.
Use straightforward communication, in a structured way, when influencing and connecting with others.
Able to read situations and modify behavior to build quality relationships.
Uphold the firm's code of ethics and business conduct.
Job Requirements and Preferences:

Basic Qualifications:

Minimum Degree Required:
High School Diploma

Minimum Years of Experience:
2 year(s) of progressive roles focused on information technology applications and its overall impact on business strategies and productivity.

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree Preferred:
Bachelor Degree

Preferred Fields of Study:
Information Technology

Preferred Knowledge/Skills:
Demonstrates thorough knowledge and/or a proven record of success in the following technical development areas:Angular 2 (or higher) or similar SPA frameworks (VUE etc);Mobile Application Development (preferably with Ionic);Application Integrations using RESTful web services;NoSQL Databases including MongoDB, Cassandra, DocumentDB and related databases;Cloud-based platforms and services such as Google Cloud Platform, MS Azure, AWS;Continuous integration/continuous deployment such as Git, Jenkins, VSTS, Puppet, Chef, Maven, Gradle, Ant; and,Containers such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Openshift.
Demonstrates thorough abilities and/or a proven record of success in the following areas of application development:Writing JavaScript or TypeScript applications;Working with SQL Server or other comparable databases such as MySQL, Oracle and PostgreSQL;Working with HTML5 and CSS3;Using JavaScript unit testing tools such as Karma, Mocha, Chai, Jasmine etc.;Using source control with Git and GitHub;Working within established Software Development Lifecycles and methodologies including agile, scrum, iterative and waterfall to support the success of the larger IT organization;Learning rapidly and continuously taking advantage of new technologies, concepts and business models; demonstrating a history of staying current in emerging technology trends;Displaying initiative and an ability to develop applications in a self-directed and self-disciplined manner with minimal direction;Researching and evaluating emerging technologies and novel approaches in order to make recommendations to enhance business processes and/or create competitive advantage to PwC;Working collaboratively with other developers, including participating in code reviews;Communicating effectively both verbally and written with project team members; and,Using robust analytic thinking skills with the ability to identify, debug, and resolve technical issues.
At PwC, our work model includes three ways of working: virtual, in-person, and flex (a hybrid of in-person and virtual). Visit the following link to learn more: https://pwc.to/ways-we-work.

PwC does not intend to hire experienced or entry level job seekers who will need, now or in the future, PwC sponsorship through the H-1B lottery, except as set forth within the following policy: https://pwc.to/H-1B-Lottery-Policy.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment at PwC without regard to race; creed; color; religion; national origin; sex; age; disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or expression; genetic predisposition or carrier status; veteran, marital, or citizenship status; or any other status protected by law. PwC is proud to be an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer.

For positions based in San Francisco, consideration of qualified candidates with arrest and conviction records will be in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

For positions in Colorado, visit the following link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act: https://pwc.to/coloradoifsseniorassociate.

#LI-RemoteAs a family company, we serve people and communities. When you work at Meijer, you’re provided with career and community opportunities centered around leadership, personal growth and development. Consider joining our family – take care of your career and your community!
Meijer Rewards
Weekly pay
Scheduling flexibility
Paid parental leave
Paid education assistance
Care.com/back-up care assistance
Team member discount
Development programs for advancement and career growth
Please review the job profile below and apply today!
.
Remote and Hybrid Work Schedules Available - Must live within the Meijer footprint [Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin, Kentucky] Or, be willing to relocate (relocation assistance available).
Remote Option: Work remote M–F, AND be available as needed to attend occasional on-site meetings as required at Meijer corporate offices in (Grand Rapids) Walker, MI.
Hybrid Option: Work office M-W, work remote Th-F
We are seeking Senior and Mid-level Software Engineers with Adobe Marketing Cloud experience for our Digital Customer Experience & Loyalty train. Sr. and Mid-level Software Engineers design, develop, test, maintain and enhance the digital applications within Adobe Marketing Cloud.
The Senior level Software Engineer drives engagement to understand customer requirements and system interfaces, assess available technologies/vendor packages, and present solutions to all business and IT stakeholders. In partnership with business product owners, the Software Engineers drive value delivery and will participate in all phases of Agile software development.
What You'll be Doing (Responsibilities):
Designs, codes, tests, and implements programs; develops system documentation according to SAFe Agile principles and industry standards.
Configure, administer, and develop in Adobe Target to build Multi-channel campaigns.
Performs unit tests, troubleshoots, and takes required corrective actions as needed for configuration and integration needs.
Deliver against the optimization and customized experience strategies across our digital offerings (Meijer.com, mPerks Loyalty program, and Meijer mobile app) to meet SLA/functional requirements.
Mentors and coaches other members of the agile team.
Provides subject matter expertise and technical consultation in new systems development, new package system evaluations and enhancement of existing systems.
Drives engagement with ITS Security and Infrastructure teams to ensure secure deployment of applications.
Partner with the Analytics teams to integrate Adobe Analytics with web and mobile platforms.
Interfaces with the Product Owner and IT partners to develop acceptance criteria for features and user stories and ensures acceptance criteria are met.
Coordinates feasibility studies/proofs of concept to evaluate solutions.
Coordinates structured walk throughs, secure coding, and technical reviews ensuring application coding and design follows secure coding and design principles.
Actively participates in all team Agile ceremonies. This job role may also provide facilitation of activities for Agile teams within Meijer ITS as acting Scrum Master.
This job profile is not meant to be all inclusive of the responsibilities of this position; may perform other duties as assigned or required.
What You Bring with You (Qualifications):
Bachelor’s or 12 years' experience (or comparable combination of education and related experience).
Any SAFe certification or training is preferred.
Minimum 5 years of experience in software development and programming. Specifically, SQL, ETL, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.
Strong knowledge of database management and file access methods is desirable.
Expertise in Configuring, administering, and developing campaigns and segments in Adobe Target.
Experience in developing workflows, content blocks, and custom resources in Adobe Campaign.
Deep understanding of Adobe Launch and its integration with Adobe Analytics.
Understanding of various Adobe Analytics such as Data Warehouse, Data Workbench and Click Feed Data.
Experience as a team member on project teams in a cross-functional environment.
Expertise in design and implementation of large IT solutions.
Strong knowledge and understanding of structured analysis and technical design techniques.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, interpersonal communication skills, and presentation skills.
Ability to effectively adapt to rapidly changing technology and apply it to business needs.
.
.
The WordPress Designer should have an understanding of industry trends and content management systems and SEO best practices. Experience with responsive and adaptive design is strongly preferred. Also, an understanding of the web development process, including design, development, data compliance and deployment is preferred.
The WordPress Designer will use web development and coding skills to implement new content, copy and web design across Brandstar TV’s website properties. The position's focus will be on updating content for the purpose of improving search optimization, user experience, and longer sessions.
Duties and Responsibilities: 

Use basic programming and web design skills to optimize websites for SEO purposes.
Implement SEO recommendations for site markup, meta information and on-page content with accuracy and attention to detail.
Identify and repair SEO issues on current websites.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 

Required proficiency using WordPress platforms, themes and plugins.
Good understanding of front-end technologies, including HTML, CSS#, JavaScript, jQuery.
Experience designing and developing responsive design websites.
Ability to understand CSS changes and their ramifications to ensure consistent style across platforms and browsers.
Ability to convert comprehensive layout and wireframes into working HTML pages.
Experience with PHP.
Experience developing websites with SEO and data compliance best practices.

Education & Experience: 

Associate or Bachelor's Degree in related fields.
2+ years of WordPress coding experience; coding certification or related coursework required.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40,000.00 - $50,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Web design: 1 year (Preferred)
WordPress coding: 1 year (Preferred)
JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)
HTML: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Company Summary

 Join a team that puts its People First! Since 1889, First American (NYSE: FAF) has held an unwavering belief in its people. They are passionate about what they do, and we are equally passionate about fostering an environment where all feel welcome, supported, and empowered to be innovative and reach their full potential. Our inclusive, people-first culture has earned our company numerous accolades, including being named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for six consecutive years. We have also earned awards as a best place to work for women, diversity and LGBTQ+ employees, and have been included on more than 50 regional best places to work lists. First American will always strive to be a great place to work, for all. For more information, please visit www.careers.firstam.com.

 Job Summary


    The National Commercial Services (NCS) division is building out a best of breed application that will set the business apart for its competitors. The 
   Senior Back End Software Developer will participate in the design, development, coding, testing, debugging, and maintenance of software code for a web application that will serve our customers and employees. In this role, the developer will be responsible for contributing and delivering quality software while collaborating and supporting the team. You will work with business and technical staff to understand requirements and problems and develop specifications to resolve them. 
   

Essential Functions






 Design and build scalable enterprise web applications within .NET Core ecosystem
 Write lots of clean, readable, and reusable C# code
 Engage daily with your distributed, remote engineering team working on different layers of the infrastructure
 Collaborate with product designers and clients to clarify requirements, prototype functionality and build products
 Plan, estimate and prioritize work in a remote, distributed team environment
 Provides maintenance of developed software including regression testing and debugging.
 Formulates, defines and documents system scope and objectives for assigned projects.
 Formulate and define system scope and objectives through research and fact-finding to develop or modify internal business systems.
 Build test automation suites to ensure the quality of guest impacting products

 Knowledge & Skills/Technology Used

 5 + years of professional experience
 Strong server-side development experience utilizing .NET Technologies - emphasis on .NET Core
 Experience writing reusable libraries and clean, readable C# code
 Good understanding of CLR and its limitations, weaknesses, and workarounds
 Strong hands-on experience using Git is required
 Previous professional experience with cloud providers
 Familiarity with continuous integration
 Experience working within an Agile/Scrum environment.
 Understanding of front-end concepts and technology (React, TypeScript)
 Unit testing experience
 Proficient in CI/CD and DevOps process
 Previous experience collaborating on highly distributed teams

 Other Qualities & Skills

 Quick starter within your area of expertise and steps up to challenges outside of it
 Thrives on collaborating with other team members and across disciplines
 Welcomes feedback and sees it as an opportunity for reflection and improvement
 Always learning - Whether you are learning to help your team to work through new concepts and technology
 You are astute, you know when to push an issue and when to let things lie
 You are friendly - you reach out to your teammates even if they aren’t on your project team
 You can work through ambiguity - you aren’t shy about asking questions to gain clarity


 Typical Education

 Bachelor's Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience



Open to this position being remote.


 #techreferral
 #dice
 #LI-DS1
 #TCORPIT





 First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer.

 Based on eligibility, First American offers a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, 401k, PTO/paid sick leave and other great benefits like an employee stock purchase plan.


RESPONSIBILITIES:
 A Kforce client in Salt Lake City, Utah (UT) is seeking to hire a Remote JavaScript Engineer. 
 

Summary:
 The Software Engineer works effectively across the entire software development life cycle. This includes requirements definition, prototyping, detailed design, coding, testing, deployment, and support of the day-to-day operation of production systems. The Software Engineer is expected to collaborate with technical staff, management, and business operations. 
 

REQUIREMENTS:


Expert in JavaScript and Typescript language
Experience building enterprise-scale backend REST services using an API-first paradigm
Hands-on experience building services with Node.js, Nest.js, GraphQL
Experience with API Security & Federated Identity Technology such as OAUTH 2.0, JWTs, Open ID Connect, UMA, and SAML 2.0
Understanding of the design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and high-performing backends
Experience in data modeling using Mongo Db, Cosmos Db
Experience with Microsoft Azure is desired but not required, a mindset towards building systems for the cloud and DevOps fundamentals
Should be proficient in documenting the software architecture and other software artifacts
Experience with continuous delivery, git, test automation, and build/deploy systems
 Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Insight Global is seeking a GCP Cloud Engineer to sit fully remote for a Fortune 4 healthcare client. This person will be responsbile for working with a team of engineers and developers who are building out the Google Cloud Platform for the CVSH Enterprise Data Platform. Additionally the team supports some on premise frameworks and tools that need some day to day support. This person will be handling tickets to provision on prem set up, and will be creating some automation.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS3 -5 years of hands on Google Cloud Platform IAM, Service Accounts, roles, permissions, policies.Hands on Google Cloud Platform DataProc, Dataflow, Airflow, DAG, Cloud ComposerHands on experience with GCP Compute, Storage and Security components.
Hands on experience in setting up Cloud platforms for use-cases.
Experience in migrating workload from on-premise to cloud and cloud to cloud migrations.Strong in programming skill in Java or PythonStrong analytical, problem-solving, data analysis and research skills.Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills are necessary.
DESIRED SKILLSStrong in Unix/Linux shell scripting.
Knowledge on VPC, Private/Public Subnet, Network Security Groups, Firewalls.Good to have knowledge on Big Data technologies - Hadoop, Sqoop, Hive and Spark including DevOPs.Good to have knowledge on VPC, Private/Public Subnet, Network Security Groups, Firewalls.Good to have knowledge on using Cloud Platform provided Big Data technologies (i.e. Storage, Databricks, Dataproc, Pub/Sub, BigQuery, Data flow etc.)Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented Cloud Data Privacy Software Engineer - Mid Level for either our San Antonio, TX, Plano, TX, Phoenix, AZ facility or Remote work location available.

USAA values a culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused results. The actual days' onsite are resolved between each employee and the employee’s manager.

The candidate selected for this position will work with the Sensitive Data Management Platform team in USAA’s Enterprise Data Office. The work involves implementing solutions to automate privacy compliance obligations, such as data discovery and classification, and will work cross-functionally to help enable the corresponding processes to enforce governance and mitigate potential compliance risks.

Engineering Professions Jobs that are part of a community have unique requirements established to maintain consistent application, usage and reporting structure. Please reach out to your HR Business Partner for additional information on specific requirements prior to posting and/or employee placement into this job.

Provides support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

Job Requirements

Tasks :
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.
Design, develop, code, and test complex technical solutions
Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues through troubleshooting techniques.
Continually improves operations by conducting complex systems analysis and recommending changes in policies and procedures.
Prepares and installs complex solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.
Follows the software development lifecycle.
Mentors’ junior engineers and may being mentoring peer engineers; Review teammates’ code

Minimum requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree OR Approved certification from CodeUp, Galvenize, VetFIT (Veterans for IT) or eFIT (Employees for IT)
4 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s)
2 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.
Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL
Developing level of business acumen in the areas of business operations, risk management, industry practices and emerging trends.
Experience supporting efforts to address production issues through troubleshooting applications and systems.
Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred experience:
2-4 years of demonstrable experience with Cloud Platform/Cloud Security tools such as AWS, Google, Azure.
AWS experience to include a broad range of AWS Services (e.g. S3, RDS, Aurora, DynamoDB, etc.).
Experience with Amazon Macie and Google DLP.
2-4 years of Python scripting and public cloud tooling automation.
2-4 years of experience with encryption, logging, Privacy/Security protocols, regex.
Familiarity with security standards, data privacy compliance, standards and practices in engineering and data management.

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $88,200-$158,900.
Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual-basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.

Please click on the link below for more details.

USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.Purpose of Job We are currently seeking a talented Software Engineer Mid-Level for our San Antonio, Texas, Plano, Texas locations or working remotely.

USAA values a culture that is highly collaborative, and we have found that a hybrid work type helps employees gain the best of both worlds – collaborating in-person in the office and working from home when needed to achieve focused results. The actual onsite days are resolved between each employee and the employee’s manager. This position may also be remote.

In this position, a Mid-Level Software Engineer provides support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

USAA Java Software Engineers create and maintain APIs for our business software applications that our members use. Done well, many may never realize or appreciate how critical these APIs are or how we've made them simpler. Faster. Safer. Yet they help make our members' lives better. It's a great challenge and responsibility.

Here, you will invent. You'll design and test. You'll take risks. You'll create new technology, but the impact you'll make on our members will be far more significant.

As a Java Engineer, you'll work in a fast-paced environment driving innovation through rapid prototyping and iterative development ensuring quality is built into all solutions using Test Driven Development (TDD). Your responsibilities will require you to be knowledgeable in API development. You'll be a part of a team of developers guiding on engineering and architecture standard methodologies as well as demonstrate the ability to partner and engage with other engineers and architects. You will work closely with business clients and UI designers to analyze user requirements, code applications and customize and/or integrate commercial software packages for both internal employees and external member-facing applications across multiple platforms.

Job Requirements
About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT

Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.
We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Primary Responsibilities:
Identifies and handles existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.

Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.

Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.

Design, develop, code, and test sophisticated technical solutions.

Investigates and resolves complex application and system technical problems and production issues through troubleshooting techniques.

Continually improves operations by conducting complex systems analysis and recommending changes in policies and procedures.

Prepares and installs complex solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.

Follows the software development lifecycle.

Mentors’ junior engineers and may being mentoring peer engineers; Review teammates’ code.

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree OR approved certification from CodeUp, Galvenize, VetFIT (Veterans for IT) or eFIT (Employees for IT)

4 years of software development experience demonstrating depth of technical understanding within a specific discipline(s)/technology(s)

2 years of experience delivering technology solutions in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle to include leading code/design reviews.

Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL

Developing level of business acumen in the areas of business operations, risk management, industry practices and emerging trends.

Experience supporting efforts to address production issues through troubleshooting applications and systems.

Experience articulating technical challenges and solutions

Preferred Experience:
2+ years in REST frameworks with focus on API development

2+ years in AGILE methodology

2+ years experience integrating with backend services such as JMS, J2C, ORM frameworks (Hibernate, JPA, JDO, etc), JDBC.

Experience with event driven frameworks such as Kafka, RabbitMQ, or IBM MQ

Experience building APIs with Spring Boot

Working experience with Gradle, GIT, GitHub, GitLab, etc. around continuous integration and continuous delivery infrastructure

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective process for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this position is: $88,200 - $158,900.

Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.


Geographical Differential : Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium will be addressed on an individual basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.

Please click on the link below for more details.

USAA Total Rewards

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

  Remote Staff Golang Engineer 
  
-HIRING REMOTE STAFF BACKEND (GO) ENGINEERS!!-


Job Title: Staff Backend Engineer (Golang)
   
Salary: $200k - $225k
   
Job Location: 100% Remote
   
Requirements: 10+ years of software engineering. Heavy Golang experience + AWS Knowledge
   
 We are a 200 person mobile based AI healthcare company with a mission to improve quality of life. With $200 million in funding, we have experienced consistent growth for the past 8 years and are continuing to scale our engineering team.
   
 If you are looking for a role at a technology company where you can have a positive impact on peoples lives and healthcare, please apply today!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

Work Remote
 - Competitive salary ($200k - $225k)
  

Equity!!
401k Match
Stable / Fast Growing / Exciting company
Full Benefits (health, dental, vision, etc.)
Work with modern technology 
Work on extremely challenging and thought provoking problems

 What You Will Be Doing

Take ownership of all our back end features and frameworks as we continue to grow our platform
Work with latest and most advanced back end architecture
Build and update new features on the platform and ensure they are free of bugs
Work with and lead development teams while delivering high quality app features

 What You Need for this Position

    10+ years of software engineering experience 
   

Heavy Golang experience 
APIs
AWS (Lambdas, etc.)
Docker/Kubernetes is desired
BS/MS in CS, Stats, etc. is desired



    So, if you are a Remote Staff Golang Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Danny Herries
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 




Peraton drives missions of consequence spanning the globe and extending to the farthest reaches of the galaxy. As the world’s leading mission capability integrator and transformative enterprise IT provider, we deliver trusted and highly differentiated national security solutions and technologies that keep people safe and secure. Peraton serves as a valued partner to essential government agencies across the intelligence, space, cyber, defense, civilian, health, and state and local markets. Every day, our employees do the can’t be done, solving the most daunting challenges facing our customers. 




    Peraton’s Global Health and Financial Solutions Sector provides cutting edge solutions to customers ensuring health, financial and personal security. At Peraton, technology, policy, and process work together to support critical missions of consequence.
   




    Peraton is seeking a 
    Full Stack Developer to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals. The ideal candidate devises testing plans, methods and equipment to assure reliability of product in conjunction with product design and specifications meet the Global Health and Financial Solutions client requirements. This role has both On-Site and Remote opportunities available.
   




    Peraton advances public health outcomes by providing the global health community rapid access to technology and science in order to strengthen practice, promote health, prevent disease, and prepare for and respond to adverse health events. Peraton provides public health informatics and information technology services to leading public health agencies, supporting every major public health event over the past 20 years from SARS to COVID-19
   


 We help multiple Federal Agencies through a comprehensive technology approach to identify, react to, and stop attempts at fraud, waste and abuse. We ensure that our technology solutions enforce policy and possess the agility to readily adjust to changing environments. Peraton helps agencies create custom technology solutions that incorporate advanced analytics, data science, and case management tools.
   


 The opening is representative of both current and future needs and is being used to identify candidates with skills and experience within Peraton’s Global Health and Financial Solutions Sector. Candidates who express an interest may be considered for similar roles.





What you’ll do:


 Work in partnership with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions.
 Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade software.
 Create security and data protection settings 
Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design
 Write and create technical documentation
 Design client-side and server-side architecture
 Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design
 Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications
 Test software to ensure responsiveness and effectiveness.
 Collaborate with data scientists and analysts to improve software




 Required Qualifications:


 Bachelor’s Degree in a related technical field and a minimum of 5 years of related technical experience. 
Minimum of 2 years of full stack software development experience.
 Minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience with the following technologies:
 Coding: Python, Django, Flask, NodeJS, Javascript, HTML, CSS
 Database: MySQL and NoSQL
 Cloud: Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure.
 Experience and/or understanding of the following methodologies: 
Agile Development, Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery, Automated Testing, and Configuration Management.
 Ability to independently organize work, prioritize tasks, and manage multiple and changing priorities.
 Must be available to provide scheduled and ad hoc evening and weekend support.
 Must be a US Citizen and requires the ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Security Clearance.  


Desired Qualifications:


 Experience in a Federal Government/Defense Contractor Environment
 Self-starter and Team player with solid verbal and written communication skills.
 DevOps experience.
 PHP experience.
 Angular/NodeJS Experience.



 Benefits:



 At Peraton, our benefits are designed to help keep you at your best beyond the work you do with us daily. We’re fully committed to the growth of our employees. From fully comprehensive medical plans to tuition reimbursement, tuition assistance, and fertility treatment, we are there to support you all the way.
   



 Colorado Salary Minimum: $66,123.20 
    Colorado Salary Maximum:$141,336.00 
   
 The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position, and is just one component of Peraton's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include annual bonuses, short- and long-term incentives, and program-specific awards. In addition, Peraton provides a variety of benefits to employees.
  


#CJ – 6557-1
If this position is of interest to you, please call 972-235-9400 and ask for Courtney
Location:  Remote
Duration: 1 year
Job Description: 
7-Eleven is looking for a Software Engineer - APIs with IOT to join the R&D Team at 7Next. You’re joining a multidisciplinary team of product managers, marketers, designers and engineers who create digital products that hundreds of thousands of people experience every day. The API Engineer must have a strong and continuously growing proficiency in RESTful API development focused on Node.js/Python. This includes actively participating in designing, developing, reviewing, testing and deploying APIs (including supporting infrastructure) to drive our digital products.
Your areas of expertise span historical best practices and innovations in the development of digital experiences. You have a passion for hands-on coding, putting the customer first and delivering an exceptional experience through the creation of extendable and re-usable products. You are curious to see where technology and the industry is going and constantly strive to keep up through personal projects and learning. If required, you must be willing to wear any of the other hats that is required to make the project successful and be always ready to learn new technology on the fly and deliver the results.
Responsibilities:
· Innovate, Research & Evaluate new technologies and tools for a quality output
· Architect, Design and Implement ensuring scalability, performance and security
· Code and implement new algorithms to solve complex problems
· Develop the technical solution and deploy to cloud instances for testing
· Partner and collaborate with stakeholders and other technology teams
· Integrate new api or microservices required to deliver the feature
· Work in an Agile development environment while continuously evaluating and improving engineering processes
· Ensure solutions are built to industry standard and follows rigid security requirements
Job Requirements: 
Must Have Qualifications: 
· Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field (Master’s Degree preferred) or relevant experience
· 6+ years of Software Design & Development experience in RESTful API’s, Pub-Sub, and microservice architecture
· Strong background in object-oriented or functional programming design and programming
· Excellent Experience in 2 or more of languages - Node.js, Java, Python.
· Proficient in transferring streams of data efficiently, so necessary action can be taken on them
· Solid foundation and understanding of relational and NoSQL database principles.
· Understanding of commonly used protocols such as https, WebSocket, Polling, XMPP, COAP, MQTT, etc
· Strong understanding of REST, microservices architecture, network architecture & best security practices
· Experience with API security frameworks, token management and user access control including OAuth, JWT, etc.
· Understanding the nature of asynchronous programming and its quirks and workarounds
· 2+ years of experience using CI-CD tools like Jenkins, containers and cluster orchestration
· Ability to work in an Agile /SCRUM environment.
· Experience with unit, integration & Blackbox testing procedures and tools like Junit/TestNG/Cucumber, etc.
· Strong writing and communication skills
· Well organized with a bias for action with minimal direction.
· Ravenous about learning technology and problem solving
Good to Have: 
· Working knowledge of IoT platforms (e.g., Azure IoT Suite, AWS IoT, Google IoT Core or similar)
· Experience in application management and monitoring of applications
· Experience in securing complex distributed systems
· Hands on experience with Kafka or other related stream processing frameworks
· Good understanding of SDLC, Agile methodologies & Agile development experience
· Experience with the AWS/Azure/Google Cloud eco-system, toolsets and deployment architecture
· Working with modern development approaches (containerization, cloud, continuous delivery, micro-services, modular reactive web applications)
· 1-2 years of experience in eCommerce and Retail business
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $57.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Full Stack Engineer
Come and build change creating from the ground floor! A visionary Social Media Platform. Our team has partnered with a unique company that provides a wide range of platforms to engage the world!
Responsibilities:
Managing the complete software development process from conception to deployment
Maintaining and upgrading the software following deployment
Maintaining the end-to-end life cycle of software and applications
Writing, building and deployment of software
Automated testing and providing feedback to management during the development process
Modifying and testing changes to previously developed programs
Requirements:
PostgreSQL
Previous experience working on high-end platforms
Bachelor's degree or higher
A Drive and Desire to work with "skin in the game"
Qualified candidates must be skilled or knowledgeable in:
Full Stack Engineering
Solid product development experience
Solid foundation in PostGres SQL
Solid foundation in Heroku
Solid experience with ReactJS
Solid experience with Flutter
Familiar with AWS services such as S3, CloudFront and Route 53
Multiple forms of Social Media & Communications
Detail-oriented
Previous Social Media background work is a plus
Possibility for remote work
Please submit a resume for consideration. Only those qualified applicants with a provided resume will be contacted.
If you would like to learn more, please contact maia.morales@gogpac.com or by calling 605-937-5408.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, age, color, sex (including pregnancy), religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, military status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable laws or regulations.
GPAC (Growing People and Companies) is an award-winning search firm specializing in placing quality professionals within multiple industries across the United States since 1990. We are extremely competitive, client-focused and realize that our value is in our ability to deliver the right solutions at the right time.


About the team Are you passionate about building a distributed online data access platform that improves one of life’s most stressful experiences: buying, selling or renting a home? Join a small and highly effective remote-first engineering team that provides seamless data access and technology to build imaginative and innovative ways to help current and future homeowners along their journey.
   Zillow Group is reimagining the way people buy, sell, and rent homes. Used more than any other local real estate platform, Zillow’s website and mobile apps provide vetted and verified listings, plus intuitive search tools and data-driven guides to help people unlock the opportunity of living here.
  
 About the role
 Zillow embraces daunting challenges like this one, and that's why we are looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer like you to help contribute to our success. We are a technology driven group that strives to build products that delight our users. We believe in autonomy and moving fast, so self-motivation and the energy to blaze trails are a must-have for this role.
 As a developer on this team you will:

 Enjoy an outstanding work-life balance!
 Give and receive frequent feedback, promoting a transparent and collaborative environment!
 Work at one of the most highly-rated workplaces, with the resources and stability of a large company but the growth potential and innovation of a small startup!
 Participate in the implementation of web services, operational workflows, and applications that serve as the foundation of the platform for teams across Zillow.
 Love building a product that people enjoy and rely on every single day
 Value how your users (both internal and external) interact and experience the software you write
 Practice operational excellence with a dedication to outstanding, reliable, and easy-to-maintain product

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are

 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 At least six years of full-time experience and very high proficiency programming in Java, C#, Ruby, Python, or JavaScript.
 Experience building and scaling resilient backend services.
 Dedication to great engineering demonstrated through depth and breadth of knowledge
 Collaborative working style with a strong focus on execution and results.
 Curious about new technologies and possess a growth mentality.
 Experience in an iterative approach to software development combined with the drive to move fast and think big
 Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.



Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






About the team Finding your dream home is only the first step in the home-buying process. On the Zillow Mortgages team, we are building products to help educate and empower people through the process of financing their home. Do you want to make a huge impact on lots of real users' lives while working on a small, fast-moving, technology-forward team? If you answered yes, this is the role for you.
  
 About the role
 As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you’ll lead the delivery and ongoing support of projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:

 Contribute to the design of new features.
 Review the code of your peers
 Advocate for standard methodologies
 Facilitate engineering discussions
 Mentor junior engineers
 Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are
 Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you thrive on autonomy, seek out persistent problems, implement effective solutions quickly, and you are:

 A Software Development Engineer with 5+ years of experience with modern development technologies like ES6, React, Typescript that are used to deliver front-end user interfaces.
 Recognized as a technical leader on your team for several years and have an impact beyond your team.
 Passionate about setting standard methodologies and raising the bar for testing, code quality, and maintainability - not only for the team but for the entire engineering organization.
 Ready to improve your skills, solve complex engineering problems, and advance your career!
 Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.




Your Job


    The Marketplace team is making it possible for our enterprise customers to seamlessly connect Indeed’s products to the other tools they use as part of their hiring workflow. Our goal is to remove the friction within our customers’ hiring stack so that they spend less time keeping systems in sync and more time hiring
  


 As a Senior Software Engineer on the Marketplace team, you will help build systems that bring together Indeed’s core platforms to the other third-party systems our customers use. This will include building and consuming APIs, data pipelines, and management tools to connect the dots within Indeed’s partner ecosystem. As a team that sits at the nexus between a diverse set of platforms, we value adaptable developers that can learn new things quickly.
  


 Requirements
  

 Minimum of a BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a closely related computer technical field
 5+ years experience programming with at least one of the following languages: Java, Ruby, Python
 Experience in full-stack web development
 Experience with data stores such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL
 Experience with automated testing and continuous delivery


 Who You Are


    We get excited about candidates who have:
  


 Experience with workflow frameworks such as AWS SWF, AWS Step Functions, Cadence, or Temporal
 Demonstrated use of Kafka, SQS, RabbitMQ, or other messaging frameworks
 Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot.


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine
  

 Reference ID: 33982


Software Engineer (Remote Available)
(US only, EST-PST)
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing home improvement companies in the country. Our success has allowed us to make significant investments in the business to further fuel our growth, including a tech-enabled, end-to-end customer experience platform. We are currently seeking key software engineers to join our dynamic and talented team who can help make our vision and digital transformation a reality. The ideal candidates are energized by building and creating, not just managing tickets. You will have the chance to develop a technology platform from the ground up, alongside a team of highly skilled and dedicated engineers. If you are looking for an opportunity to grow, learn and create with a data-driven, technology focused company that offers excellent compensation, exceptional benefits, and the ability to work remotely, we want to talk to you
Primary Responsibilities As a Software engineer, you will be responsible for building developing, designing, and maintaining a new greenfield frontend system for the enterprise. You will be working closely with our other Software engineers and team of backend developers. The first major project will be working on is a CPQ/ configurator application. · Understanding of UI/UX principles
· Creating highly visible responsive design patterns
· Full software lifecycle of application, from development to release.
· Write clear, maintainable, portable code.
· Build and maintain core components, pipelines, packages, plugins.
· Identifying and fixing code errors and app bottlenecks.
· Developing and building application updates
· Knowledge with issues of web performance, scalability, reliability, and maintainability
Skills
· BS in Computer Science or similar
· Rock solid understanding of modern HTTP application mechanisms, API-first approach, browsers, and servers; communication patterns
· Experience in Vue.js and supporting tools (Vuex, Vue Router, Loader)
· Deep knowledge of Modern ECMAScript including ES6+ features
· Library development experience using plain ES
· Basic CSS proficiency using plain CSS
· Experience building business applications with much data entry, validation, rules
· Experience consuming large API surface areas
· Experience in using Node.js, Webpack and Git
· Strong organizational skills with a good sense of design
· Good communication skills
Nice to have
· JavaScript visualization frameworks is a plus (THREE.js, Greensock animation platform, Pixi.JS)
· Working knowledge or some experience with either Unity development, .Net development or native iOS development
· Experience working with SQL and/or NoSQL databases
We Offer: 
· Competitive pay
· Medical, dental and vision insurance
· Disability insurance
· Health savings account with company contribution
· Health and dependent care flexible savings accounts
· Company-paid life insurance
· 401K with company contribution
· Telemedicine program
· Employee assistance plan
· Employee discount program
· Paid vacation
About Great Day Improvements, LLC
Great Day Improvements is one of the largest and fastest growing vertically integrated, direct-to-consumer providers of branded premium building products. Our popular brands include Patio Enclosures; Stanek Windows; Champion Windows & Home Exteriors; Universal Windows Direct; Apex Energy Solutions energy efficient windows and doors; and Hartshorn Custom Contracting pool enclosures and lanais. In the last 5 years, Great Day Improvements has grown ten times in size and footprint, expanding its workforce to over 2250 employees across 117 locations throughout the United States. The company has been named to REMODELING Magazine’s 550 List and Qualified Remodeler’s Top 500 List, and is among Inc. Magazine’s fastest growing private companies. Great Day Improvements has an excellent reputation with an A+ rating from the BBB and an overall Google rating of 4.5 with thousands of reviews. To learn more, visit www.patioenclosures.com, www.stanekwindows.com, www.championwindow.com, www.universalwindowsdirect.com, www.greatdayimprovements.com, www.hccscreens.com www.apexenergygroup.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Disney Streaming Media Engineering builds the software and systems that prepare media content and metadata for the Disney Streaming platform - providing the best possible playback experience to our viewers.
Media Engineering handles audio, video, and metadata content from ingest through publish - for normalization, processing, and packaging - supporting operator tools and automation for a scalable workflow. We build logic across players and back-end services to measure, control, and optimize playback across our stack.
The Content Management Platform team is seeking a talented Software Engineer II with the drive to advance the technology backbone of Media Engineering. Our team is responsible for acquisition, management and distribution of content from over 1500 partners. We deliver the highest quality video to over a hundred million viewers, and we need your help to expand our systems and create new experiences. As part of this team, you will be responsible for the management of all descriptive metadata on the Content Management Platform. You will use AWS, Docker, Spinnaker, Kubernetes, frameworks such as Spring Boot and Django, and best practices in software engineering.
Responsibilities :

Design well-architected solutions and build iteratively into systems while maintaining the best agile practices
Understand and implement the best engineering practices to write well-constructed and easy to maintain code and write defensive and robust tests
Improve the content ingestion and management system APIs, publishing tools, and workflows; implement scalable and robust data engineering pipelines
Communicate status with peers and/or managers and present views and opinions respectfully. Collaborate to tackle problems in innovative and efficient new ways

Basic Qualifications :

Minimum 2 years of software development experience and proficiency in Java, Python, or similar
Expertise with core Computer Science fundamentals, including Object-Oriented programming, data structures and algorithms
Experience building systems in the Cloud (AWS)
Fundamental understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases including ACID and CAP, horizontally distributed computing, eventual consistency, messaging queues, and search indexes.
An enjoyment for going deep on performance tuning and a love of owning a problem end-to-end
A desire to relentlessly dive into problems and improve systems

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with the Spring Boot Framework
Experience designing and building large scale distributed systems with operational observability
Experience using continuous integration and deployment with regression, load and stress testing
Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning experience (Keras, Tensorflow)

Required Education :

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field) or equivalent work experience

Additional Information :

Location: Santa Monica, CA (preferred) or Remote

#DISNEYTECH
 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.

We are looking for a Senior Backend Software Engineer to join our team! Our company is a subsidiary of the Digital Currency Group, and we’re working toward a common goal of empowering a decentralized infrastructure. Our team is passionate about the future of finance and is looking for other like-minded individuals who share in this vision. While we are inclusive and diverse in workforce and style, we all agree that digital assets will change the world.
Responsibilities

Develop and maintain the infrastructure of the mining and staking operations. This includes:
API server
Back-end software for managing Bitcoin wallet and automating transactions. This software interfaces with Bitcoin Core full nodes through the RPC protocol.
Ensure strong system security to protect funds in Bitcoin wallet.
Make sure payment and statistics servers are coded correctly and operating properly.
Ubuntu Linux system administration for servers running in Amazon AWS or colocation datacenter.
Write documentation on how to maintain and troubleshoot the system.
Remain in an on-call rotation with other engineers in the team to troubleshoot critical downtime.
Work closely with product owners, project managers, other development teams, DevOps and infrastructure teams.

About You:

5+ years professional experience in software engineering, software architecture, focused on backend development.
Bachelor's Degree preferred
Passionate about technology and interested in Bitcoin, blockchain, and tech entrepreneurship
Strong understanding of web services, API, databases, I18N, Kafka, and data analysis & reporting
Interest in researching topics related to digital assets, mining, and staking
Have a working knowledge of databases and monitoring and alerting systems
Self-starter, strong problem-solving skills, and ability to meet tight deadlines
Comfortable working in agile and lean project environments
Working knowledge of Bitcoin mining and/or interest to learn development
Preferred Qualifications; Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Technical skills

Very strong Java programming skills (5+ years recent professional experience). Kotlin skills a big plus.
Ubuntu Linux system administration
REST/HTTP, JSON/XML, RPC
Database Operations (SQL, NoSQL, Redis)
Cloud servers such as Amazon AWS and Digital Ocean
Experience in operating mining, staking, or running validating node efforts
Microservices architecture
Git version control

What we offer:

The chance to work in a fast-paced start-up environment with experienced industry leaders
A learning environment where you can dive deep into the latest technologies and make an impact
Competitive salary and benefits
Flexible vacation policy - work with your manager to take time off when you need it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.


Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

