


Position Purpose:
 The Software Engineer is responsible for assisting in developing and designing a product that Home Depot customers and associates will love. As a Software Engineer, you will be part of a dynamic team with engineers of all experience levels who help each other build and grow technical and leadership skills while creating, deploying, and supporting production applications. In addition, Software Engineers may be involved in product configuration, security, resilience, performance tuning and production monitoring.
   

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
 60% Delivers and Executes - Assists in developing, testing, deploying, and maintaining software; Follows best practices established by the organization and participates in improvement conversations; Consistently helps the team achieve results, even under tough circumstances
   
 20% Learns and Grows - Learns through successful and failed experiment when tackling new problems; Actively seeks ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels
   
 20% Plans and Aligns - Builds partnerships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives; Collaborates with other team members in agile processes; Relates openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people
   

Nature and Scope:
 This position typically reports to Software Engineer Manager or Sr. Manager
   
 This position has 0 Direct Reports
   
 For Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City residents: The pay range for this position is between $50k and $130k. Starting salary may vary based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the position being offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. The Home Depot offers additional competitive financial and non-financial benefits, which may include a performance-based bonus program or a profit sharing program depending on position.
   

Environmental Job Requirements:


Environment:
 1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
   

Travel:
 No travel required.
  

 Standard Minimum Qualifications:
 Must be eighteen years of age or older.
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
   

Education Required:
 The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
   

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
 1 years
   

Physical Requirements:
 Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
   

Preferred Qualifications:


Exposure to front end technology such as HTML, CSS, and Javascript/Typescript frameworks
Exposure to an object-oriented programming language (preferably Java)
Exposure to source code version control
Exposure to Relational or noSQL database technology
Exposure to cloud computing techniques
Exposure to CI/CD tools
Exposure to microservice-based architecture


Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:


Global Perspective
Manages Ambiguity
Nimble Learning
Self-Development
Collaborates
Cultivates Innovation
Situational Adaptability
Communicates Effectively
Drives Results
Interpersonal Savvy


 Pay Rate: -
 



About the team Are you passionate about building a distributed online data access platform that improves one of life’s most stressful experiences: buying, selling or renting a home? Join a small and highly effective remote-first engineering team that provides seamless data access and technology to build imaginative and innovative ways to help current and future homeowners along their journey.
   Zillow Group is reimagining the way people buy, sell, and rent homes. Used more than any other local real estate platform, Zillow’s website and mobile apps provide vetted and verified listings, plus intuitive search tools and data-driven guides to help people unlock the opportunity of living here.
  
 About the role
 Zillow embraces daunting challenges like this one, and that's why we are looking for a Senior Software Development Engineer like you to help contribute to our success. We are a technology driven group that strives to build products that delight our users. We believe in autonomy and moving fast, so self-motivation and the energy to blaze trails are a must-have for this role.
 As a developer on this team you will:

 Enjoy an outstanding work-life balance!
 Give and receive frequent feedback, promoting a transparent and collaborative environment!
 Work at one of the most highly-rated workplaces, with the resources and stability of a large company but the growth potential and innovation of a small startup!
 Participate in the implementation of web services, operational workflows, and applications that serve as the foundation of the platform for teams across Zillow.
 Love building a product that people enjoy and rely on every single day
 Value how your users (both internal and external) interact and experience the software you write
 Practice operational excellence with a dedication to outstanding, reliable, and easy-to-maintain product

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are

 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related field.
 At least six years of full-time experience and very high proficiency programming in Java, C#, Ruby, Python, or JavaScript.
 Experience building and scaling resilient backend services.
 Dedication to great engineering demonstrated through depth and breadth of knowledge
 Collaborative working style with a strong focus on execution and results.
 Curious about new technologies and possess a growth mentality.
 Experience in an iterative approach to software development combined with the drive to move fast and think big
 Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.




Do you have the skills—and drive—to join a tech team that's working to digitally transform a trillion-dollar industry? From test-driving the latest technologies to creating intuitive consumer apps, Liberty Mutual is constantly innovating and creating industry-leading solutions that provide peace of mind for our customers worldwide. 
As a software engineer at Liberty Mutual, you'll apply your talents in an agile environment that has the creative energy of a start-up—and the full backing and comprehensive benefits of a Fortune 100 company.
 Responsibilities:

 Collaborative partner: Working side-by-side with business colleagues and interacting with customers, you'll address their technical challenges and ensure quality through collaborative, test- and behavior-driven development
 Problem solver: Complex problems often require innovative, creative approaches—and you'll work to come up with outside-the-box solutions to solve them.
 Customer-centric developer: You understand who we're here to serve and the products you develop will keep the end-user front and center. 
Forward thinker: Simply fixing the problem isn't enough; using your proactive mindset and initiative, you'll continually look for ways to improve performance, quality and efficiency.




 Three years of software engineering experience.
 Experience working in an agile environment utilizing Scrum, Kanban or XP.
 Demonstrated success in platform modernization initiatives, utilizing technologies such as REST; micro services; cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure or Google Cloud; and Java, NodeJS and Spring Boot.
 An ability to code in multiple languages, including an object-oriented language, preferably Java/J2EE.
 Strong oral and written communication skills—and a knack for explaining your decision-making process to non-engineers.
 A collaborative, adaptable working style, demonstrated initiative and the ability to prioritize your time and efforts.
 A thorough grasp of technology concepts, business operations, design and development tools, system architecture and technical standards.
 Familiarity with CI/CD and DevOps tools.
 A Bachelor's degree in a technical or business discipline, or equivalent experience.



 At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That’s why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you’ll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession.  Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG’s Insider Pro and Computerworld’s 2020 list. For many years running, we have been named by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for Women and one of America’s Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America’s Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion  We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits  Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran’s status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law.


 15
Do you have the skills—and drive—to join a tech team that's working to digitally transform a trillion-dollar industry? From test-driving the latest technologies to architecting systems at enterprise scale, Liberty Mutual is constantly innovating and creating industry-leading solutions that provide peace of mind for our customers worldwide. As a Solutions Engineer at Liberty Mutual, you'll be responsible for guiding the development of system, technical and product standards based on business plans and long-term strategies, while working in team-oriented agile community with the full backing and comprehensive benefits of a Fortune 100 company.
As a Solutions Engineer in the Personal Lines Independent Agent Channel team, you will be part of a growing team that is accelerating our modernization journey with cutting edge technologies and cloud capabilities while maintaining the stability of mission-critical applications supporting our Safeco brand. This role will be charged with setting the technical direction, coaching and mentoring software engineers, providing innovative insight, and inserting industry knowledge to help deliver customer centric business outcomes for the platform.
We encourage you to apply if you value:
Deep knowledge and experience of the .NET ecosystem, including both .NET Framework and .NET Core
Experience architecting and building enterprise applications in the Azure Public Cloud
Innovation – Introducing innovative ideas that can change the game, throughout the course of agile delivery
Trust – Building relationships and working in an environment centered on trust and empowerment
Excellence – Learning through doing with a desire for continuous improvement
Technology – Exploring new solutions and honing existing skills for both personal and team evolution
At Liberty Mutual, our purpose is to help people embrace today and confidently pursue tomorrow. That's why we provide an environment focused on openness, inclusion, trust and respect. Here, you'll discover our expansive range of roles, and a workplace where we aim to help turn your passion into a rewarding profession. We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first by offering you benefits that support your life and well-being. To learn more, please visit https://www.libertymutualgroup.com/about-lm/careers/benefits
Liberty Mutual has proudly been recognized as a “Great Place to Work” by Great Place to Work® US for the past several years. We were also selected as one of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT” on IDG's Insider Pro and Computerworld's 2020 list. We have been named by Forbes as one of America's Best Employers for Women and one of America's Best Employers for New Graduates—as well as one of America's Best Employers for Diversity. To learn more about our commitment to diversity and inclusion please visit: https://jobs.libertymutualgroup.com/diversity-inclusion
Liberty Mutual is an equal opportunity employer. We will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, disability, veteran's status, pregnancy, genetic information or on any basis prohibited by federal, state or local law

19


About the team Finding your dream home is only the first step in the home-buying process. On the Zillow Mortgages team, we are building products to help educate and empower people through the process of financing their home. Do you want to make a huge impact on lots of real users' lives while working on a small, fast-moving, technology-forward team? If you answered yes, this is the role for you.
  
 About the role
 As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you’ll lead the delivery and ongoing support of projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:

 Contribute to the design of new features.
 Review the code of your peers
 Advocate for standard methodologies
 Facilitate engineering discussions
 Mentor junior engineers
 Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are
 Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you thrive on autonomy, seek out persistent problems, implement effective solutions quickly, and you are:

 A Software Development Engineer with 5+ years of experience with modern development technologies like ES6, React, Typescript that are used to deliver front-end user interfaces.
 Recognized as a technical leader on your team for several years and have an impact beyond your team.
 Passionate about setting standard methodologies and raising the bar for testing, code quality, and maintainability - not only for the team but for the entire engineering organization.
 Ready to improve your skills, solve complex engineering problems, and advance your career!
 Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.

Disney Streaming Media Engineering builds the software and systems that prepare media content and metadata for the Disney Streaming platform - providing the best possible playback experience to our viewers.
Media Engineering handles audio, video, and metadata content from ingest through publish - for normalization, processing, and packaging - supporting operator tools and automation for a scalable workflow. We build logic across players and back-end services to measure, control, and optimize playback across our stack.
The Content Management Platform team is seeking a talented Software Engineer II with the drive to advance the technology backbone of Media Engineering. Our team is responsible for acquisition, management and distribution of content from over 1500 partners. We deliver the highest quality video to over a hundred million viewers, and we need your help to expand our systems and create new experiences. As part of this team, you will be responsible for the management of all descriptive metadata on the Content Management Platform. You will use AWS, Docker, Spinnaker, Kubernetes, frameworks such as Spring Boot and Django, and best practices in software engineering.
Responsibilities :

Design well-architected solutions and build iteratively into systems while maintaining the best agile practices
Understand and implement the best engineering practices to write well-constructed and easy to maintain code and write defensive and robust tests
Improve the content ingestion and management system APIs, publishing tools, and workflows; implement scalable and robust data engineering pipelines
Communicate status with peers and/or managers and present views and opinions respectfully. Collaborate to tackle problems in innovative and efficient new ways

Basic Qualifications :

Minimum 2 years of software development experience and proficiency in Java, Python, or similar
Expertise with core Computer Science fundamentals, including Object-Oriented programming, data structures and algorithms
Experience building systems in the Cloud (AWS)
Fundamental understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases including ACID and CAP, horizontally distributed computing, eventual consistency, messaging queues, and search indexes.
An enjoyment for going deep on performance tuning and a love of owning a problem end-to-end
A desire to relentlessly dive into problems and improve systems

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with the Spring Boot Framework
Experience designing and building large scale distributed systems with operational observability
Experience using continuous integration and deployment with regression, load and stress testing
Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning experience (Keras, Tensorflow)

Required Education :

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science (or related field) or equivalent work experience

Additional Information :

Location: Santa Monica, CA (preferred) or Remote

#DISNEYTECH


Position Purpose:
 The Software Engineer II is responsible for independently developing and assisting in the design of a product that our customers and associates love. As a Software Engineer II, you will be part of a dynamic team with engineers of all experience levels who help each other build and grow technical and leadership skills while creating, deploying, and supporting production applications. In addition, Software Engineer IIs may be involved in configuration, security, resilience, performance tuning and production monitoring.
   

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
 60% Delivery and Execution - Collaborates and pairs with other product team members (UX, engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions; Documents, reviews and ensures that all quality and change control standards are met; Works with Product Team to ensure user stories that are developer-ready, easy to understand, and testable; Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure, monitoring services, and test cases; Writes custom code or scripts to do destructive testing to ensure adequate resiliency in production; Program configuration/modification and setup activities on large projects using HD approved methodology; Configures commercial off the shelf solutions to align with evolving business needs Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively
   
 20% Learning - Actively seeks ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels; Learns through successful and failed experiment when tackling new problems
   
 20% Plans and Aligns - Collaborates with other team members in agile processes; Assists in creating new and better ways for the team to be successful; Relates openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people; Builds partnerships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives
   

Nature and Scope:
 This position typically repots to Software Engineer Manager or Sr. Manager
   
 This position has 0 Direct Reports
   
 For Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City residents: The pay range for this position is between $50k and $170k. Starting salary may vary based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the position being offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. The Home Depot offers additional competitive financial and non-financial benefits, which may include a performance-based bonus program or a profit sharing program depending on position.
   

Environmental Job Requirements:


Environment:
 1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
   

Travel:
 No travel required.
   


 Standard Minimum Qualifications:
 Must be eighteen years of age or older.
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
   

Education Required:
 The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
   

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
 2 years
   

Physical Requirements:
 Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
   

Preferred Qualifications:


1-3 years of relevant work experience
Experience in writing SQL queries against a relational database
Experience in version control systems
Experience in front end technology such as HTML, CSS, and Javascript/Typescript frameworks
Experience in an object-oriented programming language (preferably Java)
Experience in source code version control
Experience in Relational or noSQL database technology
Experience in cloud computing techniques
Experience in CI/CD tools
Experience in microservice-based architecture
Experience with modern debugging and root cause analysis techniques
Exposure to security frameworks for user and services authorization and authentication
Exposure to creating and executing unit, functional, destructive and performance tests


Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:


Global Perspective
Manages Ambiguity
Nimble Learning
Self-Development
Collaborates
Cultivates Innovation
Situational Adaptability
Communicates Effectively
Drives Results
Interpersonal Savvy


 Pay Rate: -
 


Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






Position Purpose:
 As a Software Engineer Manager, you will be given a chance to contribute to the products we create and help grow the next generation of engineering talent.
   
 In addition, you will be given the chance to work with our most strategic vendors to ensure that 3rd party tools and applications are readily available to all product teams that are interested in using them.
   

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
 30% - Delivery & Execution:
    Collaborates and pairs with product team members (UX, engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions
    Documents, reviews and ensures that all quality and change control standards are met
    Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure, monitoring services, and test cases
    Works with vendors and partners for the successful implementation of critical tooling and platforms
    Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively
    Contributes to enterprise-wide tools to drive destructive testing, automation, and engineering empowerment
    Evaluates new technologies for adoption across the enterprise
    Participates in and leads review board sessions to drive consistency across the enterprise
    Fills in on product teams for engineers who are out of the office
   
 10% - Support & Enablement:
    Fields questions from engineers, product teams, or support teams
    Monitors tools and participates in conversations to encourage collaboration across product teams
    Provides application support for software running in production
    Acts as a technical escalation point for the engineers on the team
   
 50% - People:
    Provides leadership, mentoring, and coaching to Software Engineers
    Attracts, retains, and develops top talent to build a world class Software Engineering Team
    Conducts annual and mid-year reviews by reviewing individual development plans and team feedback
    Fosters collaboration with team members to drive consistency across product teams, and finds opportunities to expose engineers to career interests
    Acts as a proponent of modern software development practices
    Guides team members in strategy, alignment, analysis, and execution tasks within and across product teams
    Participates in and contributes to learning activities around modern software design and development core practices (communities of practice)
   
 10% - Learning:
    Learns, through reading, tutorials, and videos, new technologies and best practices being used within other technology organizations
    Builds relationships with technology leaders at other companies to learn best practices and elegant solutions to common problems
   

Nature and Scope:
 Typically reports to the Software Engineer Sr. Manager, Technology Director or Sr. Director.
   
 For Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City residents: The pay range for this position is between $80k and $220k. Starting salary may vary based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the position being offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. The Home Depot offers additional competitive financial and non-financial benefits, which may include a performance-based bonus program or a profit sharing program depending on position.
   

Environmental Job Requirements:


Environment:
 1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
   

Travel:
 Typically requires overnight travel 5% to 20% of the time.
   


 Standard Minimum Qualifications:
 Must be eighteen years of age or older.
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
   

Additional Minimum Qualifications:
 Mastery of an object oriented programming language (preferably Java)
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States
   

Education Required:
 The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
   

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
 5 years
   

Physical Requirements:
 Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
   

Preferred Qualifications:
 5-7 years of relevant work experience
    Mastery of a modern scripting language (preferably Python)
    Mastery of a modern web application framework such as Ruby on Rails, Spring MVC, and Node.js
    Mastery of writing SQL queries against a relational database
    Mastery of modern product development processes and pipelines
    Proficient in effective troubleshooting and issue resolution techniques
    Proficient in effective system monitoring and log analysis techniques
    Capable of understanding complicated systems quickly
    Experience in guiding more junior team members through Software Engineering fundamentals in a professional setting
    Experience managing and growing team members in a professional setting
    Experience balancing workloads across teams
    Experience managing vendor relationships
    Experience with translating high level strategy to tactical execution
   

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:
 Attracts Top Talent: Attracting and selecting the best talent to meet current and future business needs
    Balances Stakeholders: Anticipating and balancing the needs of multiple stakeholders
    Builds Effective Teams: Building strong-identity teams that apply their diverse skills and perspectives to achieve common goals
    Business Insight: Applying knowledge of business and the marketplace to advance the organization's goals
    Collaborates: Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives
    Communicates Effectively: Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences
    Develops Talent: Developing people to meet both their career goals and the organization's goals
    Drives Engagement: Creating a climate where people are motivated to do their best to help the organization achieve its objectives
    Drives Vision and Purpose: Painting a compelling picture of the vision and strategy that motivates others to action
    Manages Ambiguity: Operating effectively, even when things are not certain or the way forward is not clear
    Organizational Savvy: Maneuvering comfortably through complex policy, process, and people-related organizational dynamics
    Situational Adaptability: Adapting approach and demeanor in real time to match the shifting demands of different situations
  

 Pay Rate: -
 

SAGE Dining Services® is seeking a talented experienced Software Engineer for front-end development, remote or on-site. On site is in our beautiful offices located in Lutherville, MD, in Baltimore County, MD.
We're seeking software engineers to maintain enterprise applications that run our business as well as aid the development team with new projects. You will be a key part of our agile development team that is responsible for creating custom applications that uniquely serve SAGE's business needs. You must have a track record or show significant potential in delivering amazing software solutions.
Applications cover the realm of enterprise software including CRM systems, ERP systems, as well as dining service industry applications dealing with recipe and menu management, food safety and supply chain management.
What you'll do:
· Design and implement interactive front-end solutions supporting new and existing systems.
· Analyze and create solutions to problems on your own and in collaboration with project stakeholders and other members of our development team
· Take ownership of your projects and see them throughout implementation
· Continually research and learn the best techniques for building software systems
· Maintain our existing software applications and interface with third party vendors.
What you'll get:

Opportunity to design solutions from the ground up in a variety of code bases.
Demonstrable contributions to organization strategies and profitability.
Continuous learning opportunities.
Opportunity to improve customer experiences.
Opportunity to improve company brand through improved services and standards.
Mission based company with room for growth.
Fair compensation and benefits.
Collaborative team.

What you'll need:
We're looking for someone with experience (3+ years) and understanding of the following technologies and concepts (internships especially useful):
· JavaScript (proficient – expert)
· HTML (proficient – expert)
· Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) (proficient – expert)
· ReactJS (proficient – expert) 
· WordPress (proficient – expert)
· A familiarity with object-oriented design and frameworks.
Other Desired Skills:
· Experience with the RESTful API’s
· Experience working with Atlassian suite of Agile tools such as JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo etc.
Working knowledge of the following:
· PHP (novice - intermediate)
· MySQL (novice - intermediate)
· Mongo (novice - intermediate)
Additional experience with UI/UX, Java, React Native are highly desirable.
SAGE Dining Services offers a casual remote working environment. Compensation includes a comprehensive benefit package, a matching 401(k) plan, and paid time off.
U.S. Citizens and all other parties authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply.
Resumes should provide specific with examples of work experience in required areas. Submission of links to work products is requested.
This job advertisement should not be misconstrued as an offer of employment or a comprehensive listing of position responsibilities/expectations.
Equal Opportunity Employer
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Rapidly growing crypto startup in NYC looking is hiring across its Quant team! You'll have the opportunity to sit remotely full time and work in an extremely entrepreneurial, collaborative team!
 Responsibilities & Requirements:

 Utilize statistical modeling tools & ML to develop automated trading strategies
 Help develop and improve signal generation, trade execution, trading infra, strategy development, backtesting, and more
 Passion for the crypto space, and entrepreneurial attitude
 Degree in technical field
 Exceptional programming skills (Python, C++)
 Crypto experience is NOT required, but is preferred.

 
Apply in below to learn more!



1+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 Programming experience with at least one software programming language.

 Job summary Do you want to be part of a new engineering team that is building from the ground up at Amazon? Can you commit to building a new service with a high level of integrity and discretion in handling sensitive information? Do you have a passion for bringing the best experience to our customers? In this team you will have the opportunity to: Solve challenging problems at significant scale Work on innovative systems that are still in their beginning stages Be an actively contributing member of an agile development team, and have a large impact on the design, architecture, and implementation of a mission critical project Work in a start-up environment with the backing of a strong corporate support culture within Amazon We are looking for software developers with expertise and passion for building large scale distributed systems and services. In this role, you will have responsibility for: Building functional and technical requirements into detailed architecture and design Coding and testing complex system components Participating in code and design reviews to maintain our high development standards Overall system architecture, scalability, reliability, and performance Mentoring other engineers, defining our technical culture, and helping to build a new fast-growing team 
  Experience building complex software systems successfully delivered to customers Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development lifecycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Write high quality code that is robust and easy to maintain Understanding of system performance and scaling Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project Possess good communication skills, sharp analytical abilities, and proven design skills Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features and technical designs Experience debugging, diagnosing, and trouble-shooting complex, production software is a plus Experience writing multi-threaded programs requiring concurrency and synchronization primitives is a plus Experience delivering and operating large scale, highly available distributed systems is a plus Masters or PhD in computer science preferred Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.


 Company Description 
 
 Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that's transforming the way people work together, from the smallest business to the largest enterprise. With more than 500 million registered users across more than 180 countries, our mission is to design a more enlightened way of working. From our headquarters in San Francisco to eight dedicated Studios and a worldwide team of employees who choose where they work best, our Virtual First approach is leading the way into the future of work. 
 
 Role Description 
 Creating elegant products begins with lots of prototyping and iteration to explore the problem space. We care deeply about collaboration and feedback during the development process. It culminates in careful attention to edge cases and error handling, polished code, and great tests to ensure that we ship a reliable product that never compromises data integrity or security. 
 As a Junior Software Engineer, you will combine learning with immense impact. You will feel this impact from week one - yes, you will contribute code on your own during your first week! 
 Your development and success starts with our engineering on-boarding program, working closely with your dedicated mentor and engineering lead, as well as collaborating with experienced engineers across Dropbox. In addition, we have created many company-wide learning and development events and programs to help supplement your learning. 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 As a Junior Software engineer, there are multiple types of roles and teams you may be a good fit for at Dropbox. Here are some examples of roles and teams that you can have an impact on: 
 
 Product Engineering - Build delightful full-stack user experiences that tackle real customer needs and help drive tons of revenue for Dropbox. As a product engineering intern you can expect to work across backend, API, desktop, mobile and web. 
 Infrastructure Engineering - Craft the building blocks that let us scale Dropbox to handle millions of concurrent connections, hundreds of billions of files, and hundreds of petabytes of data. 
 Analytics Engineering - Measure, optimize, and build one of the industry’s most advanced analytics platforms to derive insights from vast amounts of data. Our massive scale means you’ll work with more data than many other analytics firms combined. 
 Mobile Engineering - Craft the Dropbox client experience on mobile devices by learning and applying the ins and outs of iOS and Android SDK using Kotlin and Swift. You are also responsible for building the backend systems that power the mobile experiences and optimize the protocol between client and server for reliability, efficiency and speed. 
 Front End Engineering - Help keep our websites up and running by applying everything our application engineers do with the curiosity and interest in building fast, scalable, and responsive Dropbox experiences for the modern web, using technologies like Typescript, React, and Redux. 
 Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) - Build the software and automation that controls the hardware to run our products. Work with a team who lives on the boundary of software and hardware and develop a deep understanding of the inner workings of our products, our commitment to ensuring our products work well on real-world hardware in our data centers, and serve as the first line of defense when something goes with our production infrastructure or services. 
 Security Engineering - People trust Dropbox to keep their data secure, and at Dropbox we rely on our security engineers to make our products safe. You are a software engineer with a deep interest in building software that is secure yet easy to use. Security engineers collaborate with product teams to secure our software, production infrastructure, website, desktop and mobile apps and our corporate infrastructure and devices. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 
 0-2 years of full-time software development experience 
 Experience writing or shipping software as part of full-time work, college/bootcamp coursework, personal projects, internships, coding competitions or research 
 Passion for learning, solving problems, and challenging the status quo 
 
 Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland).

Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.





REMOTE - US 

ENGINEERING 

JR2828 

FULL TIME 


GET YOUR START AT A GROUNDBREAKING COMPANY. 
Our engineering division is composed of many tight-knit and stable teams that each own a specific area of our platform all the way from the UI to the database. You will be assigned directly to one of these teams and will work alongside senior engineers responsible for bringing you up to speed. We will value your ability to work closely with a group of your peers to achieve meaningful results and can offer an excellent platform for starting your career in engineering. 
WHAT YOU’LL DO AS A SOFTWARE ENGINEER, MOBILE: 

You will be working alongside a senior engineer developing new features, iterating on the current systems, and maintaining our high code quality. 
You will work with senior engineers, design and product managers to review UI/UX to make the best product for our users. 
You will collaborate with other engineers on your team to code review, functional test and release iOS and Android builds. 

WHAT YOU’LL BRING: 

Ideally, you have 2 years of experience in mobile development, using one or more of: Xamarin/Xamarin.Forms (C#), Android (Java/Kotlin), iOS (mainly Swift, some Objective C) 
You have a strong knowledge of native operating system capabilities, app signing and deployment processes, and consumer app best practices. 
You have experience writing and maintaining a comprehensive suite of automated unit and integration tests. 
You have a solid understanding of how apps communicate with backend services. 
You have the ability and desire to grow other engineers through code reviews, design reviews, and over-the-shoulder debugging. 

WHO ARE WE A GOOD FIT FOR? 
We love working with talented people but more than that, we seek out compassionate co-workers with a collaborative spirit. Our work moves quickly and we’re great at coming together to find creative solutions to some of tech’s most interesting problems. If that sounds good to you, join us. 
WE ARE DRAFTKINGS. 
We’re inspired by our shared passion for developing creative solutions to complex challenges and empowering the people around us to do their best work. We are industry leaders in the digital entertainment and technology space propelled by constant curiosity and diverse perspectives. 
Our teams are fueled by innovation. We are looking ahead, building what’s next, and continuously reinventing the industry. We’re a publicly traded (NASDAQ: DKNG) technology company headquartered in Boston, with teams around the world and an expanding global presence. 
JOIN US! 
We strive to create a place where all feel safe, empowered, engaged, championed, and inspired. DraftKings is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of your gender identity, race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability. 
READY TO BUILD WHAT’S NEXT? APPLY NOW. 
AS A REGULATED GAMING COMPANY, YOU MAY BE REQUIRED TO OBTAIN A GAMING LICENSE ISSUED BY THE APPROPRIATE STATE AGENCY AS A CONDITION OF EMPLOYMENT 
#LI-RW1 

WHO ARE WE A GOOD FIT FOR? 
We love working with talented people but more than that, we seek out compassionate co-workers with a collaborative spirit. Our work moves quickly and we’re great at coming together to find creative solutions to some of tech’s most interesting problems. If that sounds good to you, join us.
 WE ARE DRAFTKINGS.
 We’re inspired by our shared passion for developing creative solutions to complex challenges and empowering the people around us to do their best work. We are industry leaders in the digital entertainment and technology space propelled by constant curiosity and diverse perspectives.  Our teams are fueled by innovation. We are looking ahead, building what’s next, and continuously reinventing the industry. We’re a publicly traded (NASDAQ: DKNG) technology company headquartered in Boston, with teams around the world and an expanding global presence.
 JOIN US!
 We strive to create a place where all feel safe, empowered, engaged, championed, and inspired. DraftKings is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of your gender identity, race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability.
 READY TO BUILD WHAT’S NEXT? APPLY NOW.
 As a regulated gaming company, you may be required to obtain a gaming license issued by the appropriate state agency as a condition of employment.




Job Description

 Remote: This position does not require the employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. The employee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.
  
 Work life balance, flexibility and your happiness are important to us!
  
 Welcome to the new era of 
  ELECTRIFICATION! 
  
 Our vision is a world with ZERO Crashes, ZERO Emissions and ZERO Congestion. We embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer, and more equitable for all. We are going to ELECTRIFY the WORLD with exciting new electric vehicles and much more!!
  
 Do you have a passion for coding and take pride in the software you create? Consider joining our GM family of Software Engineers in VMEC (Vehicle Motion Embedded Controls).
  
 The VMEC team is comprised of inclusive and diverse Agile teams, where everyone has a voice in the conversation. Our Software Development process translates Customer requirements into designs, creates code, executes testing, and then integrates our solutions into reality. Our team's software is demonstrated in vehicles today like the recently launched GMC Hummer, upcoming Cadillac Lyriq and electric Chevy Silverado. You can collaborate with the team that has a direct impact on the dramatically growing electric vehicle portfolio and help bring our vision of electric ecosystems, with energy storage solutions for homes & businesses, to production. We cover many domains and the list below provides details on each.
  
 Please review the Software Engineer role descriptions and required skillsets. All skillsets are NOT required collectively. Passion, ability to learn quickly, and interest in the products are important to us!
  

Job Description:


 Embedded Controls SW Engineer

 Produce or deliver software for embedded controls systems in the electrification, autonomous, engine, transmission, or chassis space. 
 Design, development and implementation of Physics and Controls requirements to continuously improve software for mechatronic controls and diagnostics strategies as well as controller communication. 
 Test & demonstrate software functionality & readiness 
 Supply common solutions across all GM owned software 
 Document requirements for design solution and link them to test cases that can demonstrate software functionality 
 Utilize automated test tools in build environments, benches, and vehicles to verify functionality of the feature at the Controller, System and Vehicle level

 Team Collaboration

 Function as an inclusive Agile Scrum team member to deliver software solutions 
 Coordinate and collaborate w/ departments outside VMEC such as Systems & Safety, Electrical Architecture, Software Defined Vehicle, Calibration and Vehicle Performance 
 Have voice in software planning events, share ideas & learnings and help teach/train others



 Additional Job Description


Minimum Skillset Required


 BS in Engineering - Electrical, Mechanical, Computer or BS in Computer Science 
 Minimum 2+ years of experience with proven technical and professional skills in job-related area - embedded controls software 
 Proficient in C, C++ programming 
 Knowledge of Auto Code Generation 
 Knowledge of Java, Matlab, Simulink, Python scripting, INCA, etc 
 Outstanding levels of interpersonal and relationship management skills to effectively collaborate with varying levels of the organization as required 
 Emerging partnership and teamwork skills and ability to learn from and share knowledge with co-workers in a fast-paced environment 
 High level of integrity, ability to deal with ambiguity, take initiative/self-directed 
 Consistent demonstration of innovative thinking that is customer-centric


 Preferred Skills Required


 MS in Engineering, Electrical, Mechanical, Computer or Computer Science 
 Skilled in C, C++, Matlab, Simulink, Auto Code Generation, Python scripting, ETAS, INCA, MDA and other software tools for either the development or testing of software 
 Experience with JIRA and Scaled Agile Framework 
 Experience with bootloader, embedded operating systems, controller communication or diagnostics 
 Knowledge of AUTOSAR standards and methodology 
 Knowledge and experience with CAN, LIN, ARXML, or Ethernet communications protocol 
 Architecture


 Domains (areas of focus based on your passion and experience):


Electrification, High Voltage - Our focus is High Voltage Contactor Controls, which enables propulsion of the vehicle, and High Voltage Energy Management, which focuses on dynamically monitoring the health of the battery system. 
  

Electrification Energy Transfer - Charging & Discharging interfaces, communications, & protocols to enable vehicle to successfully charge and discharge. Includes but not limited to vehicle level AC/DC charging, V2x features, EVSE interfaces, DIN/ISO, CCS, CHAdeMO, GB/T, etc.
  

Electrification Driver Data - Human Interface
  ; Cluster, radio (HMI), & mobile app customer interfaces and notifications: vehicle range, state of charge, energy usage estimations; plug-in charging experience - schedules, locations, statuses, predictive and energy assist displays.
  

Battery Software Management - Algorithms designed for battery wireless sensing and communication, as well battery data detection & reporting and battery life management
  

Drive Mode - Software to support various drive mode features such as Shift-by-wire, cruise control, torque request, driver modes (sport, tour, tow/haul).
  

Electrification Propulsion - Software focused on optimizing system operation to maximize range and drivability of electrified vehicles
  

Thermal Management - Software to manage integrated thermal loops to optimize energy use and thermal storage capability. 
  

BSW- Basic Software - Software Development of Core Infrastructure functions; Memory Management, Communication & Diagnostic services, for all GM In-house Software Applications 
  

Safety Controls - Algorithms that detect controls errors and transition the system to a safe state. Focus of work will be electrification and engine controls. Topics include motor control, vehicle motion control, wheel control, and various engine controls topics.
  

Brake and Chassis - Software focused on areas such as Vehicle Dynamics & Chassis Controls
  

Transmission - Transmission Software positions focused on delivering world class transmission software covering updates and new features.
  

Gasoline Engine - Software development utilizing advanced controls methods to deliver world class efficiency and performance for increasingly complicated system architectures.
  

FOR GM INTERNAL CANDIDATES: This role is posted at both the 6th and 7th level. The determination by HR and the Hiring Manager as to whether an offer will be lateral or promotional will be based on a candidate's relevant experience and whether the role will amount to a significant increase in level of responsibility.
  

Compensation: This position may be filled with a 
  senior level or mid-career professional. The median salary / compensation for both roles are as follows:
  
 Senior Career Professional - Median salary is $109,283
  
 Mid-Career Professional - Median salary is $88,667
  

Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.
  

Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more
  
 #LI-Remote
  
 #LI-Hybrid
  

About GM

 Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.
  

Why Join Us

 We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.
  

Benefits Overview

 The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
  

Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values; 
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


 Diversity Information

 General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
  
 We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
  

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

 The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 



   Your Future Evolves Here
  



     Evolent Health has a bold mission to change the health of the nation by changing the way health care is delivered. Evolenteers make a difference wherever they are, whether it is at a medical center, in the office, or while working from home across 48 states. We empower you to work from where you work best, which makes juggling careers, families, and social lives so much easier. Through our recognition programs, we also highlight employees who live our values, give back to our communities each year, and are champions for bringing their whole selves to work each day. If you’re looking for a place where your work can be personally and professionally rewarding, don’t just join a company with a mission. Join a mission with a company behind it.
   


     Why We’re Worth the Application:
   

 We continue to grow year over year.
 Recognized as a leader in driving important 
     
      diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) efforts
     .
 Achieved a 100% score two years in a row on the 
     
      Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index
      making us a best place to work for LGBTQ+ equality.
 Named to Parity.org’s 
     
      2020 list of the best companies for women to advance
     .
 Continued to prioritize the employee experience and achieved an 87% overall engagement score on our last employee survey.
 Published an annual 
     
      DE&I report
      to share our progress on how we’re building an equitable workplace.



     What You’ll Be Doing:
   



    Who You’ll Be Working With:
  

    Risk adjustment, STARS and Quality (RASQ) Performance metrics are essential for a health plan to maintain and improve in healthcare. The RASQ Platform team at Evolent Health provides industry-leading solutions for clients in Medicare Advantage, Next Generation ACOs, ACA Exchanges, and Medicaid. If you want a part of solving one of the most interesting quantitative challenges in healthcare today, like we do, then the RASQ Platforms team is the place for you.
  


    What You’ll Do:
  

    The Software Engineer, RASQ Platforms, will be working with a highly motivated team of software engineers to develop and maintain RASQ platform capabilities.
  

 Contribute to existing codebases written in NodeJS, and MongoDB as part of a MERN stack
 Participate in product architecture, and cloud services implementations
 Pioneer future enhancements to continually improve product, including back-end, and infrastructure enhancements
 Work in an agile, collaborate environment to understand requirements, design, code and test innovative applications, and support those applications for our customers
 Create highly scalable applications taking advantage of cloud services (Azure) with high degree of performance, security, and stability
 Open to working with different technology stacks in the future, such as .NET Core.


    Preferred Experience We Look For:
  

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field, or equivalent industry experience
 Minimum 2+ years of experience developing RESTful APIs with NodeJS, Express JS, and Typescript.
 Familiarity with ReactJS within a MERN stack environment.
 Strong knowledge of the Object-Oriented concepts and design patterns.
 Experience working on GitHub/Azure Git, BitBucket or similar versioning tools
 Experience setting up or assisting DevOps engineering with CI/CD pipelines
 Work with other developers on building various functions and features. Collaborate with cross-functional team members and product owner to plan user-stories and prioritize tasks
 Ability to work remotely, multitask, prioritize, adapt to change, work well under pressure in an entrepreneurial environment, meet deadlines, and manage a project from start to finish
 Experience working with healthcare datasets including claims, encounters, eligibility, Risk Adjustment and Quality/HEDIS measures
 Knowledge of working with SQL and NoSQL databases



 Technical Requirements:
  


    Currently, Evolent employees work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19. As such, we require that all employees have the following technical capability at their home: High speed internet over 10 Mbps and, specifically for all call center employees, the ability to plug in directly to the home internet router. These at-home technical requirements are subject to change with any scheduled re-opening of our office locations.
  


    Evolent Health is committed to the safety and wellbeing of all its employees, partners and patients and complies with all applicable local, state, and federal law regarding COVID health and vaccination requirements. Evolent expects all employees to also comply. We currently require all employees who may voluntarily return to our Evolent offices to be vaccinated and invite all employees regardless of vaccination status to remain working from home. Certain jobs require face-to-face interaction with our providers and patients in client facilities or homes. Employees working in such roles will be required to meet our vaccine requirements without exception or exemption.
  


    Evolent Health is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants equally without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or disability status.
  
 Compensation Range: The minimum salary for this position is $110000, plus benefits. Salaries are determined by the skill set required for the position and commensurate with experience and may vary above and below the stated amounts.
 


The Challenge:
 Do you want to build software that solves enterprise-scale challenges while learning and growing your skills?

 This role is more than just coding. Our junior developers use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and apply them towards identifying and delivering needed software solutions. You will learn software development principles and how to apply them through various development methodologies, like Scrum, Scaled Agile Framework, and Kanban, to name a few. Our goal in hiring a junior developer is to match your intensity and passion for software development with our deep experience in the practice of software delivery to help deliver products for our customers and to evolve your career. This position is open to remote delivery anywhere within the U.S., to include the District of Columbia.

 Join us. The world can’t wait.

 You Have:

Experience with Java, Python, and JavaScript in industry or academic environments
Experience with documenting testing and maintenance of system corrections
Knowledge of Web protocols and services
Knowledge of Oracle, MySQL, or MS SQL
Ability to analyze and solve problems
Ability to work independently and within a team
Ability to obtain a security clearance
HS diploma or GED


 Nice If You Have:

Experience with Agile software development processes and tools, including the Atlassian Tool Suite
Experience with researching, designing, developing, or modifying enterprise-wide systems or applications software in an internship or academic environment
Bachelor's degree


 Clearance:
 Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

 Compensation:
 The proposed salary range for this position in Colorado is 70,000 to 80,000. Final salary will be determined based on various factors.

 At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choice, and support your total well-being. Our comprehensive benefit offerings include healthcare, retirement plan, insurance programs, commuter program, employee assistance program, paid and unpaid leave programs, education assistance, and childcare benefits.

 Build Your Career:
 A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:

 experts in virtually every field
 a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
 opportunities that provide stability while offering variety


 You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.

 We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.



About Expedition.Co
We’re the Expedition Co. (https://www.expedition.co/), a digital product studio based in Los Angeles. We guide startups and established organizations alike by creating the most optimal user experience regardless of the platform. We couple creative and technology to produce innovative, industry-changing and leading applications. We truly understand the value of branded software experiences that help businesses drive engagement and connect with their communities. Only by investing emotional capital into the products we build, are we able to produce end results that truly exceed stakeholder expectations, as opposed to simply delivering to a product requirements checklist.
We are looking for a Software Engineer!
Responsibilities

Design solutions that solve technical challenges for the team
Provides technical leadership during design and code reviews
Clearly communicates project status, progress, and blockers to the rest of the team
Assists and mentors other engineers

Skills and Qualifications

Deep knowledge of and experience with several languages and/or frameworks
Good understanding of software engineering patterns and practices
Good understanding of system design principles
Able to take a product/project from initial definition to code and test complete

We’ve recently moved to fully remote and plan to stay remote indefinitely!
Other benefits: 

Tenure Benefits Program
Equity
Remote work
Company - sponsored Health insurance reimbursed through paycheck
401(k)
Company - paid events and trips with the team (quarterly/tri-annually)
Flexible work hours
10 paid vacation days per year
2 additional weeks of vacation in December/January
9/80 work schedule

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave

Application Question(s):

Are you able to work EST, CT, MT or PST timezone?

Experience:

React: 1 year (Required)
Software Engineering: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Software Engineer/Programmer Software Engineer/Programmer Position
Overview: 
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation systems ranging from small deployments of a couple systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading-edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Deep/Machine Learning, 3) Big Data, and 4) Cloud Computing.
Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Engineer/Programmer with desired experience in High-Performance Computing (HPC), Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs) to join our team.
The software engineer/programmer is expected to work in a project team, take a lead role to design and develop major functional units, and perform continuous unit level and system level debugging and testing for commercial products with novel features. This position will maintain technical documents, bug-tracking systems, and manuals.
Technical expertise required: 

Strong experience in Linux
C programming
Network programming, such as TCP/IP and low-level networking stacks
Experience on HPC technologies and platforms

The ideal candidate will have: 

Knowledge of HPC, MPI standard, multi-core processors, GPUs/accelerators, and high-performance networking.
Knowledge of InfiniBand, High Speed Ethernet, Omni-Path, or similar high-performance networking technologies.
Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc.) for producing and maintaining high quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

This is a full-time position, though part-time candidates will be considered. Flexible schedule and remote position. Healthcare, retirement and PTO package provided. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $162,636.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Message Passage Interface (MPI): 1 year (Required)
High Performance Computing Technologies & Plaforms: 1 year (Required)
C programming: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

DISQO is changing the way that the world’s largest brands, agencies and consumer intelligence companies get to know their consumers. We’ve built the first identity-based platform that combines consumer attitudes and behaviors together to power the most accurate and predictive insights solutions for our customers, and we do all of that with the willing participation of our consumers and without using outdated technologies like third-party cookies. We help our customers get a cross-platform view into consumer sentiment, measure advertising effectiveness, analyze consumer purchase journeys, and ultimately grow their brands.
Our mission is to build the most trusted insights platform that fuels brand growth. With over one million active members sharing their attitudes and behaviors, DISQO is looking to expand, improve and create world-class applications for people to openly share their data for research.
Check out the DISQO Developer Blog for the latest from our DISQOTECH team.
*Who you are: *You have a passion for building amazing, well-tested, maintainable software. You are self-motivated, and enjoy working in a user-focused, highly intelligent, entrepreneurial environment. You bring superior programming skills and a quality-first approach to software development.
What you will do: 

Work within an Agile team, solve complex problems on a daily basis through engineering excellence
Create automation tools and frameworks that will ensure the integrity, scalability and performance of the platform
Set and enforce coding standards and establish performance reporting
Ensure the completion of the definition of done of epics and user stories to enable sprint success
Participate in design and code reviews

What you bring to the table: 

2+ years of experience building customer-facing applications
2+ years of experience with JavaScript programming
Extensive knowledge and understanding of JavaScript
Experience with JavaScript libraries (e.g. Vue.js, React, and Angular 2+)
Proficiency in browser rendering behavior and performance
Experience in front-end tools (e.g. Webpack, NPM and Babel)Sound understanding of web markup, such as HTML5
Fast learner and self-starter
Team player, must be able to work in a team environment
Familiarity with agile software development methods
Competence with Git version control
Strong verbal, written, and presentation skills
Bachelors in Computer Science or equivalent

Nice to have: 

Experience with Typescript
Experience with React hooks
Micro frontend architecture
Experience with frontend unit test, end to end test libraries like Jest, React testing library etc.
Experience with CI/CD tools like Gitlab etc
Experience with Styled components

#li-remote#LI-SG1
*Perks & Benefits: *
*100% covered Medical/Dental/Vision for employee, 80% for dependents

Equity
Generous PTO policy
Flexible workplace policy
Team Offsites
Life Insurance
FSA
Paid Maternity/Paternity leave
Disability Insurance
Travel Assistance Program
24/7 Counseling Services offered to Employees
Access to personal and professional growth tools - Calm App & LinkedIn Learning

*DISQO is an equal opportunity employer. Discovery, innovation, and growth are possible when we open ourselves to new possibilities, perspectives, and approaches. That’s why, at DISQO, we welcome, support, and empower individuals from diverse backgrounds. Exceptional teams are rooted in extraordinary people, each with a unique story and a compelling set of skills. DISQO does not discriminate against employees based on race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity or expression, age, disability, pregnancy (including childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical condition), genetic information, protected military or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.*
*Recruiting firms that submit resumes to DISQO without first entering into a written contract will not be entitled to any compensation on candidates referred by that firm.
Job Type: Full-time

Sr. Software Engineer
Summary
The primary purpose of this role is to translate business requirements and functional specifications into logical program designs and to deliver code modules, stable application systems, and software solutions. This includes developing, configuring, or modifying complex integrated business and/or enterprise application solutions within various computing environments. This role facilitates the implementation and maintenance of complex business and enterprise software solutions to ensure successful deployment of released applications.Translates complex cross-functional business requirements and functional specifications into logical program designs, code modules, stable application systems, and software solutions; partners with Product Team to understand business needs and functional specificationsCollaborates with cross-functional teams to ensure specifications are converted into flexible, scalable, and maintainable solution designs; evaluates project deliverables to ensure they meet specifications and architectural standardsCoordinates, executes, and participates in component integration (CIT) scenarios, systems integration testing (SIT), and user acceptance testing (UAT) to identify application errors and to ensure quality software deploymentParticipates in all software development end-to-end product lifecycle phases by applying and sharing an in-depth understanding of complex company and industry methodologies, policies, standards, and controlsHas solid grasp of software design patterns and approaches; understands application level software architecture; makes technical trade-off decisions at application levelAutomates and simplifies team development, test, and operations processes; develops detailed architecture plans for large scale enterprise architecture projects and drives the plans to fruitionSolves complex architecture/design and business problems; solutions are extensible; works to simplify, optimize, remove bottlenecks, etc.
Minimum QualificationsBachelor's Degree in Computer Science, CIS, or related field (or equivalent work experience in a related field)5 years of experience in software development or a related field4 years of experience in database technologies4 years of experience working on project(s) involving the implementation of solutions applying development life cycles (SDLC)
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software development: 5 years (Required)
Database technologies: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

About Us
Insurance Technologies is a leading provider of innovative SaaS Sales Automation Software serving carriers, brokers, and consumers in the InsTech industry. Our customers are some of the largest Life and Annuity carriers and distributors in North America. Our innovative highly configurable SaaS platform is experiencing explosive market adoption and we are looking for a leader to carry on the product management role. We seek people with an entrepreneurial spirit, collaborative nature, and intense customer focus.
Position Summary
The Associate Software Engineer is responsible for all assigned development tasks, understanding of basic programming principles and architectures. This position reports to a Manager, Software Engineering within a designated department.
Primary Responsibilities Include: 

Establish and maintain quality software modules, document and maintain all assigned projects. Follow software development standards and processes
Develop understanding and maintain proficiency in technical areas and standards related to assigned projects
Develop and maintain proficiency in the Life and Annuity insurance domains related to assigned projects
Design, write, comment and unit test own code to ensure modules compile, are bug-free and are of the highest quality
Maintain accountability for all assigned work, provide accurate estimates on work to completed, and provide descriptions of work completed
Communicate status of ongoing work internally within team and externally with clients, where appropriate
Actively participate in team meetings and troubleshooting project issues
Understand debugging tools and techniques to identify and resolve errors
Update defect/change tracking system for own modules
Other duties as assigned

Role Requirements: 

Bachelor's degree in a computer field (Information Systems, Information Technology, Mathematics, Actuarial Science, Computer Science, Engineering or Business) preferred; or the equivalent years of relevant work experience required
1+ years of experience in software development required · Experience with Microsoft tools and technologies
Basic knowledge in Structured Query Language (SQL) required · Knowledge of MVC, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Familiar with JSON, NPM, jQuery, Ajax, Bootstrap
Working knowledge of Team Foundation Server (TFS) and Visual Studio
Basic understanding of Agile scrum team environments

Professional Qualifications – Skills and Abilities Required: 

Capable of working independently with minimal supervision or as a part of a team.
Able to work harmoniously within a team environment. · Understands test driven development.
Ability to prioritize and balance multiple tasks.
Strong analytical and organizational skills.
Excellent analytical and troubleshooting abilities.
Understand the importance of following procedures currently in place.
Self-motivated and driven to seek out knowledge and stay abreast of new technology trends.
Ability to process and apply feedback.
Ability to “do what it takes to get the job done.”
Strong written and oral communication skills. This is necessary for interfacing with both teammates and clients.
Experience in the insurance or financial services industry preferred.

Expected hours of Work: 
This is a full-time position with regular office hours Monday through Friday. This position may require after work hours and occasional weekends, depending on work demands.
Travel Expectations: 
This position requires domestic US and international travel on an average of 15% of the time, based on business needs.
Employment Benefits Package Includes: 

Competitive employer paid medical, dental, vision, life insurance, short-term disability, long-term disability insurance and parking
Pre-tax savings programs: 401k with employer match and flexible spending accounts
Flexible PTO
Corporate gym

This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee incumbent in this position. Employee will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties as requested.
A review of this position has excluded the marginal functions of the position that are incidental to the performance of fundamental job duties. All duties and responsibilities are essential job functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee must possess the skills, aptitudes, and abilities to perform each duty proficiently. The requirements listed in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills or abilities.
This document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an "at will" relationship.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $58,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 1 year (Required)
C#: 1 year (Required)
.NET: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Research shows that women and underrepresented groups only apply to jobs only if they think they meet 100% of the qualifications on a job description. IMO is committed to considering all candidates even if you don’t think you meet 100% of the qualifications listed. We look forward to receiving your application!
Work that is meaningful. A job that has impact. Colleagues that inspire. That’s what you’ll find at Intelligent Medical Objects (IMO), a growing health IT company creating clinical terminology and insights solutions that are used by more than 740,000 US physicians and 4,500 US hospitals to power better patient care and support meaningful analytics.
Engineers come to IMO to write clean, quality, testable code that supports rapid delivery via Continuous Integration, Delivery, and automated deployments. Our engineers find creative and innovative approaches to complex problems in the Healthcare IT field. They also lead and participate in design and architecture decisions by working and learning in a cross-functional agile team. We want you to be passionate and continue to advance your craft every day.
From day one, you develop solutions as part of a team. Your team possesses the knowledge and ability to own all aspects of the solution - from design, through implementation and testing, to deployment. We mainly focus on web-based service-oriented architecture. We use agile principles and Scrum processes and milestones (Planning, Refinement, Daily Stand-ups, Review and Retrospective) to guide this work.
Responsibilities

Delivers quality code via unit and integration testing through a suite of automated tests.
Performs basic source code management tasks at the direction of more senior software engineers.
Works with the team who are responsible for coding, validating, debugging, reliability, performance analysis and the ongoing operational aspects of the product in an Agile environment.
Troubleshoots and resolves low to moderate complexity software bugs or issues, with close direction from more senior software engineers, and finds the real root cause and provides an efficient fix.
Writes automated unit and integration-level tests with direction from other team members.
Follows development standards and effectively demonstrates technical solutions to other software engineers in code reviews.

Requirements

Familiarity with software development and the willingness and capacity to learn.
Familiarity with at least one of the following general-purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: C#, JavaScript, Angular 2 or 4, Typescript, ASP.NET, Java, C++, Python.
An enjoyment of technical challenges and eagerness to explore new approaches.
A willingness to ask for help and able to communicate what you need to do your best work.
Familiarity with modern JavaScript frameworks such as React or others.
An academic degree in Computer Science or comparable discipline, or relevant experience in developing application

At IMO, we celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. IMO is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer.
IMO also provides visa sponsorship opportunities. Please don't hesitate to apply if you meet all the qualifications for this position and require visa sponsorship.
Job Type: Full-time

We are looking for an enthusiastic software developer to join our experienced software design team. You will report directly to the development manager and assist with all functions of software coding and design. Your primary focus will be to learn the codebase, gather user data, and respond to requests from senior developers.
To ensure success as a junior software developer, you should have a good working knowledge of basic programming languages, the ability to learn new technology quickly, and the ability to work in a team environment. Ultimately, a top-class Junior Software Developer provides valuable support to the design team while continually improving their coding and design skills.Software Developer Responsibilities:

Assisting the development manager with all aspects of software design and coding.
Attending and contributing to company development meetings.
Learning the codebase and improving your coding skills.
Writing and maintaining code.
Working on minor bug fixes.
Monitoring the technical performance of internal systems.
Responding to requests from the development team.
Gathering information from consumers about program functionality.
Writing reports.
Conducting development tests.

Software Developer Requirements:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science.
Knowledge of basic coding languages including C++, HTML5, and JavaScript.
Basic programming experience.
Knowledge of databases and operating systems.
Good working knowledge of email systems and Microsoft Office software.
Ability to learn new software and technologies quickly.
Ability to follow instructions and work in a team environment.
Detail-oriented.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


About the job 




      Red Hat's Customer Identity and Access Management team is looking for a Software Engineer to join us. In this role, you will collaborate with a diverse and innovative team responsible for the key authentication, authorization, and user management service for Red Hat's open hybrid cloud platform and its surrounding integrations. You will work on the full-stack design, development, testing, and release of single sign-on (SSO) and related applications, with a focus on backend development. While we revamp this service for the next generation of Red Hat’s cloud offerings, you will closely collaborate with the Red Hat SSO team and contribute to the upstream Keycloak community. As a Software Engineer, you will contribute to the team's capabilities by demonstrating technical competence, exceptional communication skills, personal initiative, creativity, desire to learn, transparency, and ability to work as part of a team. Successful applicants must reside in a state where Red Hat is registered to do business.
     




What you will do 




Collaborate with your peers, design, develop, test, maintain, and operate primarily Java applications across large, multi-region deployments
 Contribute to the development of core features of the Red Hat SSO offering or related to the various types of integrations with other Red Hat’s offerings and backend systems
 Build custom plugins for Red Hat SSO while working with that project's open source community to grow the platform for our customers
 Implement and support the deployment of identity and access management solutions that integrate with protocols like OIDC 2.0 and SAML 2.0
 Analyze and clarify business requirements
 Contribute to application release processes with Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform, Puppet, and Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform
 Contribute to observability instrumentation and monitoring tools
 Participate in application support rotation




What you will bring 




3+ years of professional experience in Java or other object-oriented language
 Experience implementing integration design patterns, especially in microservices or event-driven architecture
 Excellent communication skills and ability to work within a distributed team
 Good understanding of core concepts related to application security
 Ability to quickly learn new domains and technologies
 Familiarity with modern token-based application security standards like OAuth2 and OpenID Connect
 Experience using MySQL, PostgreSQL, or Mongo
 Experience working with distributed source control like Git, including branching and merging
 Good understanding of continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) tools and processes
 Good understanding of DevOps principles and practices
 Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, engineering, or other closely related field
 Familiarity and experience with Keycloak project or the Red Hat SSO offering and core features is a big plus
 Knowledge of Kubernetes or Linux Containers is a plus


 #LI-REMOTE #LI-HK1





About Red Hat 




      Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver reliable and high-performing Linux, hybrid cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Red Hat helps customers integrate new and existing IT applications, develop cloud-native applications, standardize on our industry-leading operating system, and automate, secure, and manage complex environments. Award-winning support, training, and consulting services make Red Hat a trusted adviser to the Fortune 500. As a strategic partner to cloud providers, system integrators, application vendors, customers, and open source communities, Red Hat can help organizations prepare for the digital future.
     


 Benefits


 Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
 Flexible Spending Account - healthcare and dependent care
 Health Savings Account - high deductible medical plan
 Retirement 401(k) with employer match
 Paid time off and holidays
 Paid parental leave plans for all new parents
 Leave benefits including disability, paid family medical leave, and paid military leave
 Additional benefits including employee stock purchase plan, family planning reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, transportation expense account, employee assistance program, and more!


 Note: These benefits are only applicable to full time, permanent associates at Red Hat located in the United States.
     






What's great about SingleOps: SingleOps is a SaaS startup providing an all-in-one business management solution used daily by thousands of green industry professionals (landscapers, arborists, irrigation technicians, etc.) all across North America. Our customers use SingleOps to manage their customer records, perform estimates & sell work, schedule crews, invoice & receive payment, and understand critical data about their business like real-time profitability. Because of SingleOps our customers have processed over $1.5 billion in revenue. The green industry is in the early innings of adopting CRM and field service software, and the SingleOps product is enabling this industry's evolution.We have been recognized as one of America’s fastest companies by Inc. 5000, as well as being recognized by the Atlanta Business Chronicle Pacesetter award in 2021 as being one of the top 100 fastest growing companies (psst...this is our 3rd time in a row!) It’s a great time to join the ride! We are looking for diverse-minded people who enjoy challenging and fulfilling work to join our mission in redefining an age-old industry. Our team is highly collaborative, innovative, supportive, and we have a lot of fun. Our core values are Growth Mindset, Customer Success, We Before Me, Simplicity, and Get S*** Done How You Want; if this speaks to you, we want to meet you!
Location: Remote! We are based in Atlanta, GA but you may also work remotely across the US.Your day-to-day: 

Investigate and document bugs reported by clients
Answer Tier 3 Support Questions
Write custom scripts to fix or import data for clients with specific needs
Create admin tools and scripts to address repeated requests
Write bug fixes
Communicate problems and workarounds to our internal support team in a simple, concise manner they can use with customers.

Does this sound like you?

An affinity in writing and reading code...
Ideally, you recently completed a coding bootcamp and you're ready to apply what you've learned
Experience coding Ruby on Rails
Professional communication skills with the ability to engage directly to customers
The ability to work with minimal supervision
A customer-focused mindset as finding solutions that make customers happy should be your number one priority.
Must be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship (sorry, we do not sponsor at this time)

A few ways to stand out but not required: 

Previous experience working for a high growth startup
Experience with small businesses or field management (landscaping, tree service, arborists, HVAC, home maintenance, etc)
Experience with Quickbooks Desktop or Online

Reasons why you would love it here!

An amazing startup culture with a team that supports one another, the opportunity to make a direct impact, and all the fun that’s included!
Your well-being is important. We have multiple health, dental, and vision plan options for you and your family. We pay 100% of employee premiums on our base health insurance plan.
We also offer additional options for HSA, FSA, Dependent Care FSA, 401k (no match), short-term/long-term disability, life insurance, legal assistance, and much more!
With Growth Mindset as a core value, we invest in your development with a $1,000 per year professional development stipend for conferences, courses, or anything that may help you grow
$100 budget to set up your home office with any equipment you need on top of what we already provide you.
Since you work so hard, no questions asked unlimited PTO for mental breaks and relaxation
Stock options for all levels of employees
We promote a flexible work culture for everyone, including the option to work remotely from home at all times, as well as an awesome headquarters in the Buckhead area of Atlanta.
Inclusive company-wide Slack communities to keep everyone engaged and find common interests

SingleOps is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Job Type: Full-time

Who You are: 
You are a skilled developer with a proven history of writing beautiful code who wants to be an early member of a high-growth eCommerce/Marketplace company. You have a thirst for learning and love to learn new technologies, sharpen your skills and perfect your craft! Having the opportunity to work with a modern, serverless stack in a greenfield really excites you! An expectation of excellence in everything you do, coupled with your ability to work well within a team environment has prepared you to take your career to the next level.
Does this sound like you? If so, apply today (we have several openings!) and let’s start the conversation!
Your Next Challenge: 

Directly and immediately impact developing a best-in-class eCommerce / Marketplace platform
Traverse a completely full-stack, starting with infrastructure as code all the way to several frontends
Follow one of three career advancement paths: Management, Architecture, or Engineering
Learn on the job, both from rewarding projects and with dedicated learning/personal development time
Work in a 100% remote, team-focused environment where collaboration and peer programming are encouraged when facing tough issues

What You Bring: 

0-8+ years Software Engineering Experience - We have several open positions and are looking for great developers, regardless of number of years worked professionally (Compensation will be determined by individuals' skills and experience) 
Professional experience with Microservices and decoupled, event-driven architectures
Solid understanding and experience working with one of the major clouds
Proven history writing great code with a major programming language (JS, C#, Java, Python, or any supersets of these)
Belief that tested and clean code makes you faster, not slower
Professional experience with project management workflow, such as Scrum or Kanban within a team-based environment

Extras You Might Bring (nice to haves): 

TypeScript and JavaScript experience is a plus.
React and Node experience, bonus points for Next.JS experience.
AWS, specifically serverless and decoupling focused technologies, and bonus points for CDK experience.

Stack We Use (likely to work with all of these frameworks/tools):

Infrastructure: TypeScript – AWS CDK
Persistence: DynamoDB & Opensearch (Elasticsearch)
Backend: TypeScript – Node.js
Frontend: TypeScript – React/Next.js

Perks We Offer: 

Opportunity to be an early team member and make a direct impact as we build out a best-in-class eCommerce / Marketplace platform
Work in a greenfield with emerging technologies where sustainabilty engineering practices are baked into our processes - no more than 20% technical debt, ever!
Get paid to learn and keep your software engineering skills sharp - 10% of your time is dedicated to learning!

Who We Are: 
eFormed Partners (www.eformedpartners.com) works with entrepreneurs, investors, middle market companies, and innovators to build disruptive high growth digital consumer businesses. We dig deep to face the facts and let the research, data, and results ground us. We are currently engaged in a new and exciting B2C eCommerce and Marketplace growth venture, and we are looking to build our team from the ground up. We are looking for people who have a growth-oriented mind-set, enjoy the challenge of getting things done in a fast-paced environment, and want to make an impact.
We are looking for people who are motivated by providing best-in-class customer experience, leveraging digital technology and data, and understand the importance of differentiating ourselves from competitors. The DNA of our team revolves around people who do things smartly, act with integrity and humility, and understand the value of working as a team to accomplish a common goal. Because people are the key to our growth, we celebrate and reward our most valuable assets by providing:

3 Weeks Paid Time Off per year
9 Paid Holidays per year
Flexible, Remote Work Environment
More being added as we continue to grow!

Apply Today & Come Join Us!
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What is your desired annual compensation?
This position is 100% remote, what City & State will you be working from?

Experience:

Software deployment: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


About BlackLine:
 BlackLine is a global market leader in the Fintech space providing cloud technology solutions and analytics that helps companies modernize and transform Finance and Accounting financial operations with intelligent automation, ensuring more accurate and insightful financial statements and a more efficient financial close process. More than 3,700 companies around the world trust BlackLine to help ensure balance sheet integrity and confidence.
 PLEASE ONLY APPLY FOR THIS POSITION ONCE - USA REMOTE. Location preferences are specified within the job title. Multiple applications may delay our recruitment process.
 About the job:
 Through the New College Grad Software Engineer Program, be part of a dynamic and diverse team that engineers large-scale, complex, and resilient cloud technology solutions that drive our global Fintech. This program will help you take the lead in both solving scoped problems and contributing to projects while learning and growing within your team. This role is as much about learning as it is about doing and making an impact. We are looking for passionate university graduates that are excited to build awesome products and features, create visually rich experiences, spearhead the discovery problem, and pinpoint tomorrow’s engineering challenge as we maneuver through exponential growth and massive scale.
 About the Team:
 Our Software Engineering team is a collection of extremely passionate engineers who play a crucial role in delivering high-quality releases to our customers by designing, developing, troubleshooting, maintaining, and scaling our cloud-based services. The research, test, benchmark, and evaluate new technologies, collaborate with other teams to define and build new scalable features, and optimize existing features while writing elegant code. Few teams offer such amazing learning opportunities and possibilities for advancement as the BlackLine Engineering team.
 What You'll Do:

 Work with a team to deliver features and improve architecture
 Own full software development lifecycle: design, development, testing, and operating in production
 Build solutions with an elevated level of reliability, scalability, and security
 Demonstrate an ability to learn and adopt relevant innovative technologies, tools, methods, and processes to leverage in your solutions
 Independently take ownership over the completion and quality of your tasks and project

 What We're Looking For: 

Completing a degree in Computer Science or related technical field
 Experience in previous software engineering internships
 Proficiency in an object-oriented programming language such as C#, Java, or C++
 Familiarity with HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and REST APIs
 Team player, effective communication skills and product sense
 Passion for Blackline and the ability to manage ambiguity and continually learn from your experiences

 Thrive at BlackLine:

 We offer comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
 401(k) matching
 Flexible time off
 Paid Holidays
 Paid parental leave
 Basic and supplemental life insurance, short and long-term disability and so much more!

 Our commitment to Diversity:
 At BlackLine every door is open. BlackLine offers a wide variety of professional development seminars and inclusive affinity groups to celebrate and support our diversity. We are a culture that is kind, open, and accepting. We are committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion because of a conviction that every voice holds value. Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love—and that includes our employees. We’re taking on the most exciting challenges of our working lives, and we succeed with a team that represents an inclusive and diverse set of identities and backgrounds.
  We're looking for looking for all kinds of people.
 BlackLine is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity or expression, race, age, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, ancestry, color, marital status, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual assault or stalking, medical condition, genetic information, or any other protected class or category recognized by applicable equal employment opportunity or other similar laws. Work is primarily sedentary in nature; no special demands required.


We are currently seeking a Software Engineer who shares our passion, enthusiasm, and dedication to transforming lives.
As a Software Engineer, you will be Involved in the core design, development, and testing of our complex medical device. Projects include system control software, user interface design, and code optimization. Projects will be based on the company needs, but also tailored to the skillset and interests of the employee.
Collaborate with other team members ranging in experience from new college grads to seasoned industry experts, including a management team with a successful track record leading medical device companies.
In addition to developing core software skills, our small company environment allows team members to develop varied, cross-functional skills. The employee will develop expertise in medical imaging and an understanding of the clinical applications of breast ultrasound. The employee will also take part in required training, and will learn about medical device design documentation practices, privacy / security of patient data, etc.
Primary Responsibilities: 

Contribute to the development of the SoftVue software, or SoftVue image review software, by updating existing functionalities and implementing new ones
Contribute to the software development effort by designing, programming, testing, debugging, optimizing, and documenting code
Write unit and integration tests in support of verification and validation efforts
Write documentation

Qualifications: 
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Language Ability: 
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.
Math Ability: 
Ability to apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations. Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis.
Reasoning Ability: 
Ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. Ability to deal with nonverbal symbolism (formula, scientific equations, graphs, etc.) in its most difficult phases. Ability to deal with a variety of abstract and concrete variables.
Education/ Certifications: 

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Math, Electrical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, or similar field

Work Experience: 

4+ years of experience in C/C++ software development in Linux preferred
Linux and Windows development environments
Verification and validation
4+ years of experience with Python preferred
2+ years of experience with Java preferred
Code documentation
Collaborative coding with versioning repositories (centralized shared files)

Computer Skills: 
To perform this job successfully, an individual should have experience in the use of MS Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)
Knowledge, Skills, and Other Abilities: 

Strong organizational and communication skills
Ability to work independently as well as in a team
Experience with the Linux development environment
Knowledge of object-oriented programming
Experience with continuous integration systems (e.g. Jenkins)
Python
C/C++
Java
Experience with multi-threading
Experience with code profiling, debugging and optimization
GPU Programming using CUDA

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Who we're looking for

1+ years of professional experience shipping production-grade code.
You have a strong focus on delivering value as fast as possible to our core users.
You have a willingness to learn whatever it takes to reach impact.
You’re pragmatic in knowing when to refactor and when to ship.
You ship incrementally to move fast and can communicate how the team needs to handle product transitions.
You’re scrappy. We have to out-compete heavily funded for-profit competitors.
You can navigate and extend APIs to support incredible frontend experiences written in React and React Native.

Why You’ll Love Us

A welcoming and collaborative environment with people who are dedicating their lives to fighting the commercialization of incarceration
Experience working closely with users who rely on our product to stay in touch with their loved ones
An environment for rapid experimentation and ownership
Ownership of entire systems and features that deliver society-changing impact
Contributing to the foundation and culture of a young and growing organization
Experience working cross-functionally and exposure to a variety of business functions
An incredibly high bar for velocity of shipping and the quality of your work

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $150,000.00 per year
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 5 years (Required)
React: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Remote Position (remote hours are 7:30am-4:30pm CST)
Central Time Zone Preferred
Senior & Entry Levels Open
Full Time Hire (no contract)
Established, Market Leading Company
Amazing Culture + Benefits
Salary Based on Experience

Great opportunity for C++ Engineers! Jettison is representing a market leading, diversified financial institution specializing in proprietary trading, asset management, order execution services and technology solutions. Focused on innovation, achievement and integrity, they are looking to expand their team with experienced C++ Engineers.
ROLE OVERVIEW: 
Seeking passionate C++ programmers who are not satisfied with solutions that are good enough and who have a drive to push the envelope of what is technically possible. Our ideal candidate excels at both collaborating with technical and business subject matter experts to identify and implement new trading strategies, while also debugging and fixing mission critical problems. This is a hands-on position spanning the entire development stack of our bleeding edge ultra-low latency trading systems from idea generation all the way to support. If you are excited about finance, have a passion for technology, and a drive to learn, then we want to talk to you!
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Gain knowledge of cutting edge C++ engineering strategies
Learn how to wear every hat in the full development life cycle of C++ trading applications in collaboration with other software, hardware, and network engineers.
Experience what it takes to consume exchange market data, send orders to execution venues, and achieve ultra low latency performance metrics along the way
Immediately see the impact of your contributions through advancements in our P&L
Develop systems to maintain, analyze and improve performance, integrity and reliability of existing applications
Investigate and fix problems with production systems in real-time
Work with our quant team to construct experiments and analyze data to identify ways to improve technical performance and new trading opportunities, ensuring that results are valid and reproducible
Attain full development ownership of a trading strategy with the opportunity to make significant contributions to the bottom line
Immerse yourself into a highly collaborative environment with technical and business peers to develop new trading strategies and systems
Hone your communication skills to effectively convey your thoughts & ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences

QUALIFICATIONS: 

Foundational C/C++ knowledge including a solid understanding of data structures
At least 3 years of professional experience with C++ and excitement for software engineering
Dedication to testing
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Passion for writing clean high quality code
Eagerness to openly participate in code review processes
Willingness to collaborate and learn from other team members
Strong communication skills
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, or equivalent.

BENEFITS: 

Paid Holidays + Generous PTO
401(k)
Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance Options
On-site Full Time Chef For Those In-Office in Chicago
Company Events + Happy Hours

Jettison provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or genetics.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?
Please provide your LinkedIn URL
Remote hours are 7:30am-4:30pm CST, are you able to work during these hours?

Experience:

C++: 3 years (Required)
Engineering: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Los Angeles (Santa Monica office) or Remote (US time zones) 
Maximus is a mission-driven consumer telemedicine company that provides men with content, community, and clinical support to optimize their health & hormones. Maximus has raised $5M from top Silicon Valley VCs such as Founders Fund and 8VC as well as leading angel investors/operators from companies like Bulletproof, Tinder, Coinbase, Daily Stoic, & Shopify.
Maximus is building an advanced telemedicine platform to help men improve their mental and physical health. We iterate on our product rapidly and safely by applying continuous integration and code quality measurements, as well as TDD and pair programming when appropriate. We work collaboratively, emphasizing the productivity of the team first. We aim to deliver a robust, reliable system by using pragmatic, tried-and-true technologies. We hone our craft as engineers by applying advanced functional, data-oriented techniques that are appropriate to the problem.
PLEASE NOTE:  Culture is key at Maximus, so we get to know candidates holistically through the below questionnaire. Please fill it out as honestly and intuitively as possible since it is designed to detect exaggeration, which will cause your application to be automatically rejected.

For native English speakers, please complete the questionnaire through this link: https://www.ondemandassessment.com/link/index/JB-5MKJMXQ1R?u=1087347
For non-native English speakers, please complete the questionnaire through this link: https://www.ondemandassessment.com/link/index/JB-APOS5CL6L?u=1087347

The questionnaire is optional to submit now with your application, but candidates that do so will get strongly prioritized. Note, we do not have access to individual questions’ answers/choices. Email jobs @maximustribe.com to confirm you have completed it.
Responsibilities: 
Write and ship high quality code

Contribute across the codebase to complete entire features and changes with support from the rest of the team.
Continuously invest in demonstrable quality and reliability of the system via unit tests, automated integration tests, TDD and refactoring.
Keep data management and security in mind at all times to protect customer privacy.

Contribute to a continuously improving engineering organization 

Identify software quality, performance, and operational issues, including impediments to team-wide efficiency and work constructively with the team to address them.
Define and improve our internal engineering standards and processes and exert positive influence on the objectives and tactics taken by the team.

Contribute actively to product iteration and development to ensure the company delivers a compelling experience to its customers.

Generate ideas and assess the associated options and tradeoffs for how they impact the growth of the business and customer experience.
Work across functional teams (engineering, marketing, product, etc.) to translate business and product ideas into software designs and releases.
Product & Project Management skills and experience are a plus.

The ideal candidate will have the following: Experience: 

3+ years of experience in product software development, especially public consumer web applications
Front-end: React/Redux/ImmutableJS experience
Back-end: Ruby-on-Rails / Ruby experience
General experience in unit testing, integration testing.
Past experience or interest in pair programming.

Nice to Have: 

Familiarity with queue / background processing, 3rd party integrations (such as Stripe, or 3PL, etc.)
Familiarity with or interest in Event Sourcing and other immutability / functional-programming patterns.
TDD experience is a plus.

Qualities: 

Strong communication and teamwork skills: Proven ability to build strong relationships with technical and non-technical members of the team to solve challenging technical and business problems.
Relentlessly Resourceful: Highly proactive, does not quit, and finds innovative solutions with little guidance. Bias for action and ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment with a high degree of autonomy.
A dedication to keeping things simple and pragmatic.
Attitude of shared ownership of the system, frequent integration. Collaborates proactively, in service of the shared highest priority.
Love of virtue & health: Interest in modern-day men’s movements and personal development. Demonstrates personal dedication and interest in health optimization (you should walk the talk when it comes to diet, exercise, sleep, focus, and relationships).

World-Class Benefits: 

Premium Blue Shield Platinum PPO & HMO Plans (up to 100% coverage)
Full Suite: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance
Best-in-class 401K options
Flexible vacation/time-off policies
Liquidity of options whenever available
Extended options exercise window for loyal employees (3 months for every year of service; e.g. 1 year for 4+ year employees)

Maximus is an equal opportunity employer, which not only includes standard protected categories, but the additional freedom from discrimination against your free speech and beliefs, as long as they are aligned with company values. We celebrate intellectual diversity.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $100,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance

Application Question(s):

Our team works in the LA timezone and ideally, a new team member can also work within or close to our current schedule. Are you within 3 timezones of Los Angeles?

Work Location: Remote


Job Summary: 

Job Title: Engineer I, Software (Back End) 
Location: Anywhere 
Employment Type: Full Time; Salary 
Job Profile: T1 – Software Engineering – Engineer I 
Reports to – VP, Product Development 


Front Gate Tickets is North America’s leading software and operations provider for the festival market. We provide technical solutions for e-commerce ticketing, access control, data management, and fan engagement. We partner and run on-site operations for over 200 festivals each year and are on a massive growth trajectory matched by no one in the industry. We do it for the fans! 
Front Gate is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and acts as Ticketmaster’s festival arm. We have two offices located in Austin, TX. 

THE TEAM 

Our product development team is responsible for designing and building the technical solutions that comprise North America’s premier festival ticketing platform. We are a modestly sized group that takes pride in our ability to deliver timely results across a wide breadth of product offerings. These offerings cover (but are not limited to) ecommerce, box office management, marketing and fulfillment services, and on-site access control. We’re looking for individuals to help us design and build our next generation of industry leading tools and technologies. 
THE JOB 

Design, build, ship, and support web-based product offerings while following agile development practices. 
WHAT THIS ROLE WILL DO 


Develop RESTful API endpoints and back end processes. 
Serve as part of a cross functional agile team; actively participate in all ceremonies. 
Collaborate with infrastructure team members to build robust CI/CD pipelines. 
Work with senior level discipline leaders to align on best practices and execute accordingly. 
Assist quality assurance efforts via unit test implementation. 
Contribute to a culture of excellence through the pursuit, utilization, and sharing of new skills and ideas. 


OUR STACK 


PHP 
Node.js 
Gitlab 
Jenkins 
React 
JavaScript ES5/ES6 
Bootstrap 
AWS 


SKILLS/COMPETENCIES 


Experienced in one or more scripting languages. 
Familiar with … 
    
prevailing back end best practices and design patterns 
object oriented programming principles 
version control tools and best practices 
application and data architecture 
agile methodologies 
cloud infrastructure architecture 
testing methodologies 



EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY 
We are passionate and committed to our people and go beyond the rhetoric of diversity and inclusion. You will be working in an inclusive environment and be encouraged to bring your whole self to work. We will do all that we can to help you successfully balance your work and homelife. As a growing business we will encourage you to develop your professional and personal aspirations, enjoy new experiences, and learn from the talented people you will be working with. It’s talent that matters to us and we encourage applications from people irrespective of their gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability status or caring responsibilities. 
 Front Gate Tickets strongly supports equal employment opportunity for all applicants regardless of age (40 and over), ancestry, color, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), family and medical care leave or the denial of family and medical care leave, mental or physical disability (including HIV and AIDS), marital status, domestic partner status, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), genetic information, military and veteran status, political affiliation, national origin (including language use restrictions), citizenship, race, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth or breastfeeding), gender, gender identity, and gender expression, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law, rule, ordinance or regulation. 

We will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the California Fair Chance Act and consistent with other similar and / or applicable laws in other areas. 

We also afford equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability. For this reason, Front Gate Tickets will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant consistent with its legal obligations to do so, including reasonable accommodations related to pregnancy in accordance with applicable local, state and / or federal law. As part of its commitment to make reasonable accommodations, Front Gate Tickets also wishes to participate in a timely, good faith, interactive process with a disabled applicant to determine effective reasonable accommodations, if any, which can be made in response to a request for accommodations. Applicants are invited to identify reasonable accommodations that can be made to assist them to perform the essential functions of the position they seek. Any applicant who requires an accommodation in order to perform the essential functions of the job should contact a Human Resources Representative to request the opportunity to participate in a timely interactive process. Front Gate Tickets will also provide reasonable religious accommodations on a case by case basis. 

HIRING PRACTICES  The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. 

Front Gate Tickets recruitment policies are designed to place the most highly qualified persons available in a timely and efficient manner. Front Gate Tickets may pursue all avenues available, including promotion from within, employee referrals, outside advertising, employment agencies, internet recruiting, job fairs, college recruiting and search firms. 


#Li-Hybrid 
#Li-AH




  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Square in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, and save to our millions of monthly active users. We want to make the world’s relationship with money more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. This is our mission, and it’s why working at Cash App means so much more than a job.
 Today, Cash App has thousands of employees working globally across office and remote locations, with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and we’ve got offices and remote teammates across the globe. Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Cash App operates. No matter the location, we tailor our experience to ensure our employees are creative, productive, and happy.
 Check out our locations, benefits, and more at cash.app/careers to learn more!



  Job Description
   Cash App leads financial innovation and, continuing in that tradition, we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem - Taxes.
 As a founding member of this vertical and the first product web team at Cash App, the person in this role will play a lead in building the future of DIY taxes. They will be responsible for the creation of technical requirements, implementation of new systems, and integration of existing tax technology into Cash’s infrastructure for front-end engineering for Cash App.
 You will:

 Participate in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design and implement a technical front-end strategy
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Demonstrated technical initiative on previous projects
 A passion for product development and seeing results
 A knack for creating readable, pragmatic code
 An appreciation of simple, practical solutions
 Eagerness to share your ideas, and openness to those of others

 Technologies we use and teach:

 JavaScript, TypeScript, React
 Webpack, React Query, Cypress
 Java and Kotlin, with JUnit, Hibernate, and Guice
 Event-driven architecture

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.

Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
REMOTE- this position is remote. We will consider candidates located anywhere within the United States.
Come join Under Armour and create software to power the future of connected fitness. We’re serious about individual growth and athlete achievement, and we’d like you to join us to build real products that will help millions of people improve their lives through better health & fitness. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history.
As a Software Engineer, you will partner with other engineering teams, product, design, infrastructure, and project management to build the services, tools, and libraries that enable innovations in our suite of applications that span web, wearable devices, and mobile.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Execute full lifecycle software development
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicates clearly to technical and non-technical teammates
Contributes to discussion and drives technical conversation
Assists in troubleshooting and discovery
Maintains up to date best practices and standards
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
2+ years of professional experience writing production code with Java, Python, or JVM language preferred
Proficiency with source control including Git
Experience with relational data store technologies such as PostgreSQL or MySQL
Experience working within a microservice architecture
Experience with site performance profiling and tuning
Education And / Or Experience
BS in CS or 2-5 years of comparable experience
Familiarity with cutting-edge open-source libraries and experience contributing to projects of personal interest a plus
Other Requirements
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Experience with DataDog, NewRelic, or other APM technologies
Experience with AWS services such as RDS, SQS, and Elasticache
Experience with Java High volume Message Queues such as Kafka
Other Requirements
Relocation
REMOTE- this position is remote. We will consider candidates located anywhere within the United States.
No relocation provided
Possible travel to regional offices, conferences, and training
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.




Who We Are
RTTS is the premier pure-play quality assurance and testing organization that specializes in test automation. Based in midtown Manhattan (but currently working remotely) and serving Global 2000 companies since 1996, RTTS has helped 700+ companies reach their continuous deployment goals.
 RTTS also developed QuerySurge, the leading data validation & ETL testing solution in the data & analytics marketplace. We have forged strategic partnerships with leading software vendors IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Teradata, Snowflake, MongoDB, Cloudera, SAP, Tableau, Vertica and other best-of-breed software providers.
 RTTS offers the foremost end-to-end solution that ensures application functionality, performance, security and data quality.







What You’ll Be Doing
Using your computer science education, you’ll be responsible for coding custom solutions and analyzing results using cutting edge tools to support complex software applications. Other responsibilities include:

 Work alongside developers to verify application functionality, usability, scalability and data integrity.
 Ensure that the applications and/or data meet the specified requirements and that there are no defects in the application or underlying data.
 Create test plans, design test cases, automate tests, provide, manage test process, and evaluate defects.
 Develop and maintain reusable code libraries to help build streamlined and efficient automated test processes.
 Analyze and evaluate automation & defect metrics, providing feedback and reports to developers, system & data architects and analysts & subject matter experts.

 Assignments vary in length depending on our clients’ needs, providing you with the opportunity to learn new technologies and gain valuable exposure to many areas of business while working with client teams and experienced RTTS mentors.







What You Need
Must possess an undergraduate or graduate-level degree with a concentration in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, or another related field. Other qualifications include:

 Proficiency in a mainstream programming language: must have applicable skills in Java, Python, C++, C# or other language
 Initiative to learn and utilize emerging technologies while working in a stimulating team environment
 Professional appearance and the ability to communicate complex technical information in a clear and tactful manner








What We Offer 

Starting salary of $60k — $70K (depending on experience)
 Excellent benefits package including major medical, dental, 401K, tuition reimbursement, paid vacation and holidays, continuous learning, share points (similar to warrants) and more
 Ongoing development of your skills working with QA/test automation/programming technologies, server-side software and database platforms
 The most comprehensive up-front training program in the industry plus one-on-one mentoring. It’s an ideal fit for recent graduates and career changers
 A challenging, supportive, educational and fun work environment. Our office culture encourages innovation and professional growth.








What Are You Waiting For? 
If you’d like to start your IT career with RTTS, you should know that:

 Our office is located in midtown Manhattan, and since the advent of Covid-19, all employees have been working from home. Going forward, we are anticipating a hybrid work model with 1 – 2 days/week in the office and the rest working remotely.
 Applicants for employment must be authorized to work in the U.S 
You must live within 50 miles of our New York office
 NOTE: Applications without a cover letter will not be considered.






We are industry experts who have come together with the vision of making identity and access management simpler for our customers.
We appreciate that our customers have their hands full without the extra headache of user security. We have designed an Identity Governance and Administration (IGA) platform that can be used by all. No matter what your role or the number of identities you need to control, the ideiio platform delivers identity management solutions in the most intuitive way.
We are a fast-growing business which is now looking to add to our talented team.
This role is a customer-facing, technical role providing software and configuration support for ideiio customers.
Responsibilities include:

Handling customer technical support cases
Troubleshooting, diagnosing, resolving, and documenting customer support issues
Working with the development team to provide customer specific product customizations
Updating the company website with tech tips and brief documents
Drafting product documentation, KBAs, Best Practices, and How-Tos

You'll catch our eye if you have the following skills / experience:

Basic Networking concepts such as Firewalls, DNS, Routing
Linux Operating System Admin
REST Web Services including JSON and XML Data Formats
Active Directory / LDAP Management
Strong oral and written communication
Experience with IAM Standards such SCIM, OAuth, SAML a plus
A track record in customer support

In terms of personal attributes, we need people who are continuous learners, dedicated team players and collaborative performers.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Day shift

Experience:

Help desk: 1 year (Preferred)
Active Directory: 1 year (Preferred)
Business-to-Business Technical Support Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Software Engineer - Windows Recording Technologies - Hybrid or Full Remote (MI | FL | NC | TX)
Why You’ll Love Working Here: TechSmith is a software company in one of the fastest-growing markets of video/tutorial training and communication. Our products have been named by G2 as the top in Screen Capture and Video Capture Software. Working at TechSmith gives you a chance to hone your skills in an open, collaborative, and innovative environment where you can be excited to come to work every single day. With great products and maybe even better people behind them, we are always looking for passionate, fun, and hardworking individuals who truly enjoy coming to work and doing what they love. Sounds like you? We’d love to chat.Position Overview: As a Software Engineer at TechSmith, you will work within an agile team, developing in a supportive, collaborative environment. Your work will directly impact our world-class products. You will have the time to advance your skills, we dedicate entire sprints to innovation and make space for professional development year-round.
As a member of the team responsible for our video capture technologies, you'll have the opportunity to explore new video recording and encoding APIs and learn from our wealth of knowledge in the domain.
Some examples of what you’ll be doing include:

Extending and enhancing video capture techniques across our product portfolio based on customer needs
Develop creative new ways to improve our testing approaches and our ability to deliver quality software
Learning the latest technologies and experimenting with them on existing codebases
Collaborating with an experienced team to keep up with constantly evolving APIs and technologies
Gain and lend valuable insight into a complex and ever-changing problem space as a valued member of a core area to TechSmith solutions

Location options, where you want to be: HybridTechSmith’s office is located in East Lansing, Michigan. Hybrid employees will have the flexibility to create a schedule to work multiple days from home. If you’re looking to spend some days in person, this is the option for you.Remote (MI, FL, NC, or TX)TechSmith supports working remotely while residing in the states of Michigan, Florida, North Carolina, or Texas. If you’re looking for an amazing work experience, but don’t live near East Lansing, this is the option for you.Requirements: 

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or a closely related field, or 3 years equivalent practical experience
At least 6 months of experience developing software in internships, team projects, professional settings, or personally developed software applications
Development experience with C++, C#, Swift, or Java
Ability to collaborate with a diverse set of people from many disciplines (Product Owners, Quality Assurance, User Experience, etc.)
Candidates must have the ability to work in a remote environment
Candidates must reside in, or be willing to move to, Michigan, Florida, North Carolina, or Texas before starting their new position. These are the only states of residency TechSmith supports for employment
Candidates may be required to come into the main TechSmith office, in East Lansing, Michigan, once a quarter
Ability to handle other duties, as assigned
Legally authorized to work in the United States without an employer-sponsored petition for a visa, such as an H-1B visa. TechSmith does not intend to file any visa applications in connection with this opening

Your application demonstrates at least three of the following: 

Developing software with C++
Writing automated software tests
Developing desktop applications for Windows or macOS
Collaborative software quality practices such as code reviews and pair programming
Commercial consumer software development
Multimedia software development with video, image, or audio processing

Compensation and BenefitsAt TechSmith, we love our employees and reward outstanding performance with bonuses and company recognition. Our generous benefit pack includes:

Competitive pay
Health Insurance – BCBS of Michigan - Employer-paid premium
Health Savings Plan – Employer Contributions
Dental Insurance – Employer-paid premium
Vision Insurance – Employer contributions toward premiums
Retirement – 401(k) – Employer Match
TechSmith is excited to offer company equity via an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) as part of our comprehensive benefits package for full time employees.
Tuition Assistance
Student Loan Repayment Assistance
Paid Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Program
Disability Insurance – Employer-paid premium
Life Insurance – Employer-paid premium
Generous PTO, Sick Time, Holiday Time, Volunteer Time
Company-sponsored events, gifts, food, etc.

For a more comprehensive list of our benefits you can contact our recruiting team by emailing recruiting@techsmith.com or review our benefits overview here: https://assets.techsmith.com/Docs/TechSmith_Benefits_Overview.pdfTechSmith Corporation is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all candidates for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please call 517-381-2300 x212, or email recruiting@techsmith.com with a description of your request and contact information.
Job Type: Full-time



Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience in software development
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building frontend and backend applications.
 Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures & algorithms, problem solving, and complexity analysis.
 Knowledge and programming experience, of at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++ or Java.




  Job summary
   Do you enjoy solving complex problems with simple solutions? Would you like to help us innovate on behalf of Amazon’s Digital and Device customers? Device, Digital and Alexa Support (D2AS) technology organization is seeking an experienced software development 
   engineer to join the engineering team. The D2AS vision is to create innovative support experiences for customers of Amazon’s devices and digital products, through intelligent self-service solutions and enabling our tech-support organization with tools and technology. 
  
 In this role you will have the opportunity to help define the experience for Amazon Customer Support Associates in the digital and device space. This includes internal tools for monitoring, alarming, and reacting to emergent events in the network as well as agent facing web applications that provide diagnostic and troubleshooting capabilities for all Amazon devices.
  
 As a software development engineer, you will:
  

 Solve difficult engineering problems with elegant and practical code.
 Help define engineering best practices and providing technical mentorship to other members of the engineering team.
 Be a champion for the customer and ensuring their needs always come first.
 Design and build software for mobile, front end clients and server systems.



 You're an awesome fit if you demonstrate:
  

 Industry-leading technical abilities showcasing a breadth and depth of technical knowledge
 The ability to build good working relationships within the team by communicating clearly both verbally and in writing
 Strong problem solving and trouble shooting skills with the ability to come up with creative solutions to seemingly impossible engineering problems



 We use agile development strategies and want software engineering leaders who can thrive in a fast paced, high-energy work environment.
 



Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building large scale full stack software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

Society6 is an online marketplace of unique wall art, home decor and lifestyle goods featuring designs by independent artists. With artwork from over 400,000 creators and the knowledge that every purchase pays an artist, Society6 allows you to empower creativity around the world and in your everyday life.
Leaf Group is a house of brands, creating and cultivating digital-first companies in growing lifestyle categories: Fitness & Wellness (Well+Good, Livestrong.com); Home & Decor (Hunker, Society6, Deny Designs), and Art & Design (Saatchi Art, The Other Art Fair). Additionally, we have performance focused brands in key categories such as Travel, Pets, and DIY (OnlyInYourState, Cuteness, eHow). Our media and marketplace brands are authentic and authoritative, reaching a large and growing passionate audience.
We work in a fun, collaborative environment that is diverse, adventurous, and open-minded. We look for proactive, accountable people focused on continuous learning and growth to push themselves and our businesses forward. Check us out here.
We are looking for a Frontend Software Engineer to help us build great user experiences, and who is excited to work on initiatives that help build our business.
A big vision calls for a big job. As we grow, our need for a Frontend Software Engineer grows with us.
*You’ll Report To: Senior Manager, Software Engineering*A typical day as a Frontend Software Engineer might include: 

Work with a team of high level dedicated engineers and product managers in the creation of our e-commerce platform, tools for artists, mobile optimized sites, and search / discovery for our millions of pieces of art
Collaborate with team members to conceptualize and build well-crafted scalable solutions that will meet the demands of our high volume of daily traffic and daily transactions
Constructively provide feedback and insights to your peers through code reviews and other discussions
Produce high-quality results by leading or contributing heavily to large cross-functional projects that have a significant impact on the business

What You Have: 

2+ years of working professional experience building frontend web applications
Experience with Javascript, ES6, CSS, and at least one JS framework (React, Vue, Angular)
Strong understanding of building web applications powered by RESTful APIs
Deeply care about web performance, loading fast, and staying fast
Write testable, maintainable, and understandable code
Passion for knowledge, continued learning, and sharing it with others
Able to collaborate effectively with product managers, other software engineers to deliver top quality products
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Not afraid to wear multiple hats - no job being too small or too large.
We're casual and informal but we work hard and work responsibly. Personal accountability goes a long way. We believe we are the change.

Huge Pluses

Experience with Redux middleware, universal js, and build tools such as Webpack
Any knowledge in testing with Jest and Enzyme and with Node

*You’ll be successful if you are a Front End Engineer who specializes in using UI technologies to develop a scalable highly interactive site.*
What We Have: Among Comparably's 2021 Best Companies for Company Culture, Company Perks & Benefits, Company Compensation, Best CEO for Diversity, and Best CEO for WomeneHow is the 2019 & 2020 People's Choice and official Webby Winner for Social Video/How To-DIYOnlyInYourState is ranked the #3 Travel and Information Site (ComScore)Well+Good is the 2019 People's Choice winner of the Webby’s Award for Best Lifestyle BrandLeaf Group is among TalentDesk’s 2019 Best Companies To Work ForLeaf Group is among the 2019 Built In LA Best Companies To Work ForWell+Good is the 2018 winner of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Company AwardMyPlate is the 2018 winner of the Webby Award for Best DesignWinner of the 2017 Best Company for Diversity award ComparablyCompetitive compensation and benefits packages (i.e., Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, 401K)Gender neutral family leavePaid-to-play vacation rewardsDiscretionary unlimited vacation timeEmployee discounts for Saatchi Art, Society6, and Deny Designs
Leaf Group is a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace that reflects our customers and the world we live in. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply for our roles. Leaf Group is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
*Agency Disclosure: *If the Leaf Group Talent Acquisition department, or any current company employee, receives an unsolicited resume from a third party recruiting agency and Leaf Group does not have a signed Agency Agreement active, Leaf Group will not be deemed liable to pay a placement fee. The unsolicited resume will be considered a gift and can be considered for our recruitment efforts.
Job Type: Full-time

Skills: 
· Graphics: Existing knowledge of Vulkan graphics would be highly preferred. Alternatives would be OpenGL (any version), CUDA, OpenCL, and GLSL. But at a minimum all of the resources must have a desire to learn graphics programming (client would provide training materials) and come up to speed quickly to be able to contribute.
· C Programming: At least 5+ years of solid experience and a superior understanding of the C programming language
· Writing Ability: Strong written English language skills
· Software Tools: Proficiency in using GIT & Microsoft Visual Studio 2013
· DO178 experience is a plus, but NOT required. The primary skill set they want is experience programming graphics-based systems
Job Description: 
This program requires help developing and testing Low Level Requirements per DO-178C
1) Low-Level Requirements Formal Reviews
a. Input: draft low-level requirements for software
b. Process: Conduct & participate in formal reviews of low-level requirements using criteria that will be provided by client
c. Output: Completed Review Checklists (template/system provided by client)
2) Formally Review LLR Test Cases
a. Input: Test Case Procedure documents and the related Test Code
b. Process: Review the document and the code for any potential issues or missed coverage.
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
3) Create Low Level Requirements (LLR) Test Cases
a. Input: LLRs
b. Process: Write a test procedure document in plain English that describes the test and expected outcomes. Write test code/script as the actual test code that will be executed to meet the test procedure.
c. Ensure tests run successfully.
d. Output: Test Case Procedure documents, Test Code
4) Formal Code Reviews
a. Input: Source code for identified client Vulkan products (drivers and libraries), client’s Software Coding Standards document
b. Process: Review assigned parts of the source code against requirements, the coding standards, and for any bugs or other issues
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

C: 5 years (Required)
Vulkan Graphics or similar (i.e OpenGL, Cuda, OpenCL, GLSL): 3 years (Required)
GIT: 2 years (Required)
Visual Studio: 2 years (Required)
Knowledge or DO-178 or other Avionic Standards: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are on a mission to improve oral healthcare for all.
Our cutting-edge artificial intelligence technology encodes dentist-level training and analysis into scalable software tools. Today, our flagship products are used by some of the country’s largest insurance companies, dental support organizations, and dental practices to enable the best patient care.
The Insurance Analytics team is dedicated to helping companies automate their claims process while improving accuracy for the patient expereince. We apply cutting-edge dental AI in a SaaS platform so dentists can consistently identify needed patient care and better explain treatment needs with powerful AI visualizations.
We’re a cross-functional technical team blending backend, frontend, devops and product. We work closely with sales, clinical, and customer success teams as we rapidly iterate the Platform and delight clinicians and patients. Join us to transform both your next dentist appointment and the future of global oral healthcare!
As a Principal Engineer will lead in innovating, designing, and building platforms, services and frameworks that enable to support its growing customer base at scale. Delivering reliable and high-performance services and features requires technical leaders with extraordinary expertise and passion. As Principal Engineer; you understand our business goals, collaborate with other leaders, innovate quickly, and delivering high-quality functionality.
Who You Are

You are a technologist at heart
You are a go-to team member for design, architecture, and code reviews
Bring an expert understanding of the systems, their dependencies, and can forecast and mitigate challenges effectively
Hold a high bar for the quality of the architecture and design of systems, while striving to keep it simple too.
You are passionate about teamwork and collaboration, while coaching and mentoring software developers to deliver timely, high-quality software.
You have experience in cultivating a strong engineering culture in an iterative, agile environment.
You have led complex engineering efforts, and know what it takes to deliver while still having a healthy team.

Typical Qualifications

10+ years of software engineering experience
3+ years in an engineering lead/architect role
Knowledge of Java, Python, Javascript, Google Cloud Platform, Unix/Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, RESTful API, Service Mesh, IaC and various other technologies is helpful.
Experience with a cloud native environment (GCP or AWS)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $180,000.00 - $250,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote


  Responsibilities
  

Ensures timely, effective, and quality delivery of software into production, both at an individual and team level



Develops and tests applications based on business requirements and industry best practices



Creates required technical documentation



Researches problems and develops solutions to the problems



Conducts unit testing and integration testing for functionality and limits

 Benefits
  

Pay/Salary/Benefits/Perks: Up to 135k DOE, 401k match + competitive benefits


 Work from Home Policy: Fully Remote
 
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Come join Under Armour as a Sr. Software Engineer - Backend and create software to power the future of connected fitness. We’re serious about individual growth and athlete achievement, and we’d like you to join us to build real products that will help millions of people improve their lives through better health & fitness. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross-functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Want to make a real-world impact
Are ready to take ownership and responsibility for your work
Are interested in growing as both an engineer and a teammate
Execute full lifecycle software development
Lead and design features, incorporating technology throughout the stack
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Communicates clearly to technical and non-technical teammates
Assist in troubleshooting and production support
Maintains up to date best practices and standards
Have a solid understanding of both computer science fundamentals and what it takes to build internet-scale applications. You likely have a degree in Computer Science or similar field, or equivalent real-world experience.

Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Knowledge of design patterns and software engineering best practices
Have experience working at scale utilizing microservices architectures
Experience with Java and Spring Boot
High volume Message Queues such as Kafka
Familiarity with AWS and/or other cloud computing platforms
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker

Education And / Or Experience
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker
BS in CS or 5-7 years of comparable experience
Familiarity with cutting-edge open-source libraries and experience contributing to projects of personal interest a plus

Other Requirements
Possible travel to regional offices, conferences, and training
Return to Office Designation: Fully Remote

Relocation
No relocation provided
#LI-REMOTE
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.We are currently offering a $5,000 signing bonus to all Developer hires.

Have you recently begun your software development career and are eager to gain more experience? If so, Grant Street Group may be for you.

We have been hiring great Perl developers for many years, and we want to further expand our distributed team of talented and friendly developers. New hires are mentored by experienced developers and work on critical projects – your code may be released to production within a few days of joining! You can expect an exciting, cutting edge, and challenging environment where you will quickly acquire a wide range of skills.

What makes you the perfect fit for this opportunity?

Excellent organizational and communication skills
Excellent grades and a track record of success
Knowledge of software programming languages (dynamic languages such as Javascript, Ruby, Python, and Perl are preferred)
Knowledge of relational databases and SQL
Knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, and CSS
Understanding of Object-Oriented programming
Fast learner

Here are just some of the tools and approaches we use. Experience with any of them is helpful:

MySQL
git
jQuery, Ajax
Go
Linux environments (RHEL, CentOS)
Amazon Web Services
Messaging frameworks (rabbitmq)
Docker

Grant Street Group’s culture reflects an emphasis on teamwork, high standards, individual responsibility, and work/life balance. We value potential over experience, and because we believe you’re more than just a resume, we have a unique application process. When you apply, you’ll have the opportunity to take a coding challenge to show us your skills so you’re guaranteed to get noticed by our team.

We can’t wait to review your application! Please note that Grant Street may not consider your application if you have previously submitted an application for this role within the last 12 months. We thank you for your understanding.
Job description: 

Execute full software development life cycle (SDLC)
Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions
Well versed with OOPS, JavaScript, Networking, CSS, HTML, Databases,web services
Write well-designed, testable code
Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Comply with project plans and industry standards
Ensure software is updated with latest features

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

C# Software Engineer (Remote Available, Full-Time, Part-Time and 1099 Considered)
Cleveland-based HR tech start-up looking for an experienced C# software engineer who wants to play a key role in helping to build the next generation talent recruiting platform.
Position Summary
We are currently looking for an experienced software engineer. This individual must come with a broad technical background, a bias for action, and the experience to know how to build enterprise quality solutions that scale. Because we are a small team, you’ll be working across the technology stack (front end, core and data).
This will be a remote position, with consideration given to candidates who could occasionally commute to the Cleveland headquarters.
Responsibilities

Design, author and refactor server side (C#, ASP.NET Core) and client-side code (React).
Developing REST APIs to support our core application.
Creating API documentation using contemporary mocking tools.
Writing tests – unit, integration and end-end automated tests.
Participating in code reviews.
Participating in Scrum rituals (stand-ups, demos, retrospectives and planning meetings).
Authoring and contributing to technical documents.
Participating in release packaging and deployments.
Leveraging your experience and creativity to advance our product and technology road map.

Qualifications
All candidates must be currently eligible to work in the U.S. Relocation is not available.

Minimum of 2 years hands-on experience developing Web applications and authoring server-side code (ideally ASP.NET Core).
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree, or its equivalent, in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a closely related field.
Experience building REST API-driven applications and designing Web services.
Maintains awareness of and follows industry best practices for security.
Strong understanding of contemporary data architectures & data-driven applications (PostgreSQL, MySQL).
Experience writing unit, integration and other tests.
Some experience with contemporary front-end languages such as Typescript, and frameworks including React or Angular.
Some PHP development experience a plus, ideally with the Laravel framework.
Ability to communicate intent of design choices to fellow developers, follow agreed upon coding conventions, and write robust and well-organized code.
Detail and quality oriented.
Understands the long-term value of writing good code, refactoring often and designing for scale.
Experience with source code management tools (Git) and concepts (branching, merging).
Has been part of a Scrum development team, with a strong preference for this methodology.
Works well within the development team and across departments.
Has a do-what-it-takes attitude, dedicated to delivering products that delight our clients.
Requires minimal travel (no more than 10%)

This is a hands-on position that requires creative and highly productive individuals. A good-fit candidate will enjoy both ideating design and executing development, have a desire to work across the stack (front end, core, data) and be detail-oriented and conscientious about the quality of code they deliver. They should possess the verbal and written communication skills to work effectively within the product development team as well as with other business units. The ideal candidate will have some understanding of talent/recruiting, HR technology and or the transportation industry but it is not required.
Drive My Way offers a comprehensive, competitive benefits package including paid-time-off, health insurance (medical, dental, vision), life & disability insurance and a 401k program.
If you have tenacity, a bias for action and achieving results, an innate curiosity to listen and learn, creative problem solving, a passion for teaching, and you thrive in an environment that is collaborative, fun and fast-paced, this role is for you! Put your passion, unwavering work ethic, can-do spirit and ‘never give up’ mentality to work in this role to drive our growth.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Pay: $5,800.00 - $7,800.00 per month
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Please describe your experience in writing and using automated testing for your projects.
Is your preference a full or part-time position? What would be your ideal hours per week (a range is ok) and what hours during the day would you typically be available (ET)?
What is your salary or hourly rate requirements for the position?

Experience:

MySQL / PostgreSQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



   In a world where it’s never been harder for brands to capture and keep customers, experience is everything. An independent, global marketing agency, Ansira believes designing relevant, persuasive experiences for all the right moments is the only way to strengthen relationships, cultivate brand loyalists, and assure profitable growth. That’s why Ansira arms brands and their sales partners with solutions to make those experiences possible: strategy, performance marketing, loyalty marketing, martech consulting and integration, channel partner marketing, and local marketing activation. For more information, visit Ansira.com or LinkedIn.
  


 You are a highly motivated professional who can apply your passion and curiosity to the digital advertising, websites, and data intelligence spaces as a developer who focuses on coding and on investigating and triaging reported issues. You are driven to develop gradual mastery of complex systems through continued education and experience, have a natural curiosity that motivates you to seek answers and ask "why", and are truly invested in helping your peers, partners, and our customers to succeed.
  
 Responsibilities:

 Familiar with HTML/CSS/JS technologies. Solves problems at a test level. Performs to schedule with mentoring. Can perform basic unit testing and has the facility with basic debugging and problem-solving skills. Basic skills with SCM, IDEs, Debuggers and modeling tools. Understands the basics of n-tier architecture including the web/app/and db tiers. Understands basic SDLC processes and milestones.
 With assistance is able to separate information or problems into smaller parts to understand them more fully.
 With assistance and reviews of work applies industry/job standards, regulations, and rules. Has a general understanding of the group’s goals and objectives.
 Writes, maintains, and documents code to technical specifications (written or verbal) while complying with established methodologies and procedures. Performs well-defined application development tasks of a low to moderate degree of complexity, working under general supervision of more experienced technical staff.
 Demonstrates basic ability to work in a diverse group environment and some skill at working with various personality types to get the work done.
 Has responsibilities in at least one area of focus among investigations, basic code snippet implementation, issue monitoring, and basic updates
 Investigates reported issues with websites, business intelligence reporting, or advertising and either finds a solution or hands off to the expected recipient, owning the investigation & resolution and serving as the point of contact among involved stakeholders
 Implements code using established front-end coding standards and processes
 Uses proprietary tools to implement system updates at scale for websites and advertising
 Assists with monitoring and reporting of advertising waste and other reporting as needed
 Regularly checks for work in assigned areas, managing tasks to completion via established processes and workflows, taking ownership of the execution and communication for each task
 Works regularly with peers on training and increasing knowledge of systems, technology, and processes in order to take on more tasks of increasing variety and complexity
 Uses established methods ranging from peer review of code to live troubleshooting to verify work is of high quality with minimum errors
 Prioritizes work based on established prioritization systems, feedback from peers, and other key indicators
 Manages tasks via a variety of ticketing systems used by multiple parts of the org and effectively communicates across systems as well as directly with internal and external stakeholders, including offshore, exemplifying excellent customer service and communication standards
 Participates in escalation support


    We are a culture of passionate, collaborative and respectful people. We are curious about finding the most strategic solutions, while being fearless in our pursuit of pushing the limits.
  


 Overview 
 Who we are. TEAM Software develops financial, operations and workforce management solutions for contractors with distributed workforces of any size, with a focus on the building service and security industries. TEAM’s efficiency-enhancing technology transforms business management and drives profitability. The company's industry-specific solutions range from a complete enterprise software ecosystem to a right-sized workforce management toolset that connect key components of customers’ businesses. Founded in 1989, TEAM is an Omaha, Nebraska-based technology company with more than 400 customers all over North America. 
 
 Job Description 
 A Software Engineer assists with improving system quality by identifying issues and common patterns and developing standard operating procedures. Learn to enhance applications by identifying opportunities for improvement, making recommendations and designing and implementing systems. 
 

Learn to improve system quality by identifying issues and common patterns, and developing standard operating procedures
Learn to enhance applications by identifying opportunities for improvement, making recommendations and designing and implementing systems
Maintaining and improving existing codebases and peer review code changes
Liaising with colleagues to implement technical designs
Investigating and using new technologies where relevant
Providing written knowledge transfer material
Learn and embrace TEAM's agile practice

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:


A passion for solving problems and providing workable solutions
Knowledge of algorithms and data structures
Strong analytical and reasoning skills with an ability to visualize processes and outcomes
Outstanding all-round communication skills and ability to work collaboratively
Ability to communicate professionally with coworkers and customers
Ability to work with numbers
Proven record of excellent organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills
Positive attitude and the ability to work independently and as part of a team are critical to success
Independent judgment is required to plan, prioritize and organize diversified workload, recommends changes in office practices or procedures

Preferred Technical Qualifications:


Experience with frameworks such as .NET, .NET Core
Experience coding in React, Typescript, Javascript, HTML, CSS
Experience developing/managing REST API(s), including Swagger 2.0 and Open API 3.0
Experience with distributed multi-tier applications, NoSQL databases, MS SQL Server DB and/or SQL is preferred
Experience with cloud technologies such as Azure
Knowledge of Report tooling like SSIS and Power BI is a plus
 Benefits 
 The TEAM Difference. 
 
As one of our founders puts it, we’re a 30-year-old startup: we’ve got the energy and passion of a young tech company with the experience of a trusted, reputable industry mainstay. It’s a combination that’s helped us remain a leading provider of technology solutions for contractors in the building service and security industries. We develop integrated cloud-based solutions ranging from financial, operations and workforce management, to time and attendance, to employee and customer self-service portals. Our web- and mobile-enabled applications are designed to help our clients profit from efficiency. 
 Our “startup” mentality is driven by a culture of ownership, which is a guiding principle that helps us consistently improve, grow and thrive. Our culture empowers us to pursue innovation and collaboration and fuels our commitment to clients. We’re a diverse group of doers and dreamers, and we’re looking for people who don’t just want a paycheck. We want skilled individuals interested in building long-term careers and upholding our culture. For us, culture-fit is almost more important than the bullet points on your resume. Sure, experience and skills are a necessary part of the equation, but a can-do attitude and curiosity are what make the superstars shine. And once we find a superstar, we’re going to hang on to them. We do that by respecting, trusting and supporting each other in an environment that embraces a work-life balance. Our formula for happy employees is pretty simple: Hire talented people. Challenge, trust and motivate. Watch them accomplish remarkable things. Reward and recognize a job well done. 
 Come for the job. Stay for the Culture. TEAM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. 
 
TEAM also participates in the E-Verify program. Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, HSA, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Life Insurance, 401(k), Incentive Compensation, Paid Time Off, Employee Assistance Program, Legal Shield, Supplemental Life, Voluntary Critical Illness, Hospital and Accident Plans, Volunteer Time Off, Parental Leave, Flexible Work Arrangements, Wellness Programs, Tuition Reimbursement and Career Development, Casual Dress, Innovative Work Space Screening Requirements: Criminal Background Check, Education Verification, Employment Verification. 
 

California Applicants (Privacy Notice): In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as part of our processing and evaluation of California job applicants, TEAM collects the information that such applicants voluntarily provide to us as well as information that we may gather from third-party sources, such as for verification, reference, and background check purposes. This information typically includes the following categories of information: identifiers, protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, professional or employment-related information, non-public education information, and inferences drawn from other personal information (such as from references). Some of this information may be covered by the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). TEAM uses this information for business purposes solely within the context of each applicant’s role as a job applicant to, and (if applicable) a future employee of, TEAM, including potentially retaining this information in order to consider and contact you about future or different employment opportunities. Please contact TEAM’s Human Resources Department should you have any questions about the categories of personal information TEAM collects about California job applicants or the purposes for which TEAM uses such information.



   Join Our Team: Do Meaningful Work and Improve People’s Lives
  

 Our purpose, to improve customers’ lives by making healthcare work better, is far from ordinary. And so are our employees. Working at Premera means you have the opportunity to drive real change by transforming healthcare.
  

 To better serve our customers, we’re creating a culture that promotes employee growth, collaborative innovation, and inspired leadership. We are committed to creating an environment where employees can do their best work and where best-in-class talent comes, stays, and thrives!
  


    COVID-19 Vaccination Policy:
  


    To learn more about our COVID-19 vaccination and accommodation requirements, please visit our Careers landing page.
  


    As a Software Development Engineer I you will analyze, design, code, test, maintain, debug, and modify software, applications, packaged applications, and systems for local, networked, web, mobile or cloud based technologies generally in an agile team environment. Develop solutions or contribute to team solutions with minimal direction on low complexity problems. Follow existing procedures and instructions based on priorities set by others. Problems often have limited scope. Receives regular feedback on quality and applicability of solutions. Solutions may include small or portion of medium/large project and are generally low risk.
  


    What you will do:
  



      Confer with stakeholders and IT leader to identify and develop appropriate solutions through application of technology to assigned business problems.
    


      Analyze assigned business needs to determine solutions.
    


      Translate system requirements into code using programming languages and tools. Construct and modify code and system set-up based on program specifications. Begin to apply CICD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment).
    


      Perform testing using both unit testing and test automation and document results. Participate in testing associated with cross-functional project team efforts.
    


      Produce appropriate technical documentation and notifications for changes to production systems or fixes to production problems. Create SDLC (Software Development Lifecycle) artifacts.
    


      Analyze and resolve small and/or low risk production problems related to assigned applications. Includes performance tuning, technical troubleshooting, debugging, call-rotation, and root cause analysis.
    


      Support project initiatives collaborating with the rest of the design team to support achievement of development milestones.
    


      Apply Premera IT standards and engineering best practices.
    


      Initiate a personal training plan, continue acquiring skills and knowledge and pursue an understanding of the organization’s business plans and strategies.
    


      Other duties as assigned.
    


 What you will bring:
  



      The typical incumbent will have a Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, or similar area as well as knowledge of software development lifecycle and skills to utilize one or more programming languages. At a minimum, the incumbent must possess education and experience equivalent to a Bachelor's Degree. (Required)
    


      Exposure to cloud solutions.
    


      Experience in healthcare industry or a highly regulated environment.
    


      Technical knowledge and experience with specific technical tools used at Premera (i.e. Facets) or required for open position.
    


      Previous experience in an agile environment.
    


      Exposure to API and service based technologies.
    


      Experience using automated test tools.
    



    What we offer
  

 Medical, vision and dental coverage
 Life and disability insurance
 Retirement programs (401K employer match and pension plan)
 Wellness incentives, onsite services, a discount program and more
 Tuition assistance for undergraduate and graduate degrees
 Generous Paid Time Off to reenergize
 Free parking



    Equal employment opportunity/affirmative action:
  

    Premera is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Premera seeks to attract and retain the most qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law.
  


    If you need an accommodation to apply online for positions at Premera, please contact Premera Human Resources via email at careers@premera.com or via phone at 
   425-918-4785.
  



  Facebook is seeking talented full-stack Software Engineers who are interested in an opportunity to join our one-year Rotational Engineering Program, consisting of two rotations, helping us build applications & systems that will scale the company and make the world more open and connected. The Program is designed to offer experienced engineers a one-year rotation through different Facebook engineering departments to develop engineering skills and gain meaningful experiences for the rest of their career. At the end of each term, successful participants will be invited to apply for a full-time position at the company. Facebook is committed to increasing the diversity of representation among our Computer Scientists and Software Engineers. We build products to connect the world, and this means we need teams that understand and reflect a broad range of experiences, backgrounds, identities, abilities and many other characteristics. The Rotational Engineering Program is open to all qualified candidates. We strongly encourage candidates who are members of historically underrepresented groups and have non-traditional career paths to apply, including, but not limited to candidates from non-tech industries, candidates without traditional Computer Science degrees and/or who are self-taught, candidates starting second careers, re-entering the workforce, and those who have attended bootcamp-style programming courses.
  


Rotational Software Engineer Responsibilities:  

Full-stack product, systems, and mobile development with a variety of languages such as C++, Java, PHP, JavaScript, Kotlin, Objective-C, Swift, etc.
 Work closely with product management and UX design teams to define and refine research specifications
 Design and develop front-end interfaces, underlying APIs, and backend systems across a number of programming languages with focus on JavaScript, React and PHP (Hack)
 Develop a strong understanding of relevant product area, codebase, and/or system
 Master Facebook's development standards from developing to releasing code in order to take on tasks and projects with increasing levels of complexity
 Communication skills: consistently seek out and give feedback




Minimum Qualifications: 

 2+ years experience building software solutions in a corporate or start-up engineering environment, or equivalent, using an industry-standard language (e.g. JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, C++ and/or Java)
 Must obtain work authorization in the country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment




Preferred Qualifications: 

 Bachelors degree in Computer Science/Math/Engineering, or equivalent educational experience





 Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
 

Our key client is hiring a Multimedia Engineer for the Platform Camera and Multimedia team, you will focus on the implementation of multimedia services in Augmented Reality systems, working on architecture, implementation, and optimization. This position will offer you the chance to work on developing and implementing new and creative algorithms to solve dynamic problems. If you are a fast learner with a positive attitude and a strong passion for working with new technology, come join us in redefining the way people experience the world through unique Mixed-Reality technologies.
Location: 100% remote work
Duration: 6+ months
Pay rate: $85 to $90/hr on w2
Responsibilities

Design, implement and maintain platform multimedia services and APIs
Design and implement innovative multimedia features for Mixed Reality systems.
Help instrument and optimize the performance of multimedia pipeline
Provide status updates to the manager.

Qualifications

5+ years of software development experience with C and C++
In-depth understanding of Linux, tools, libraries, and open-source development
A strong skill set in core video/audio technology, system-level use cases (video recording, streaming)
Experience with Multimedia frameworks such as StageFright, GStreamer, and FFmpeg
Experience with ABR streaming protocols such as MPEG-DASH and/or HLS
Knowledge of the design, implementation, and optimization of media codecs
Experience with optimization for increased frame rate and reduced latency
Experience implementing and optimizing multimedia services with game engines such as Unity and Unreal is a plus
Very good oral and written communication skills to interact with cross-functional teams that are geographically distributed

Education

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or relevant field; Masters's Degree highly preferred

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to Equal Employment Opportunities guidelines.

#USVM
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $85.00 - $90.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Roles and Responsibilities:
Should have hands-on working with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Core Java
Desired Candidate Profile:
2+ years of the experienced candidate in the field of Java
Preferred Qualification:
Bachelors/ Master’s Degree with 3+ years of software development excellent communications skills with basic programming knowledge.
All candidates must have valid work authorization to work in the USA.
If interested, please respond with your resumes today.
Regards,
Usha
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $85,000.00 - $105,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +14087229093

C++ Software Engineer - Work From Home
We are seeking a talented and self-motivated mid-level C++ Software Engineer to join a growing engineering team. Our culture emphasizes teamwork and focuses on continuous integration and test-driven development. The successful C++ Software Engineers would join a highly experienced group who are developing systems that will contribute to our low-latency trading platform. This position will be working closely with traders, quants and other software engineers to implement and extend the different parts of the trading infrastructure including low-latency trade execution services, tick data infrastructure, database service layers, exchange connections, back testing systems, GUIs, risk management systems, calculation and modeling engines and compliance monitoring tools. This position is 100% Remote.
Responsibilities:

Provide and maintain firm-wide SDKs and services for OS abstraction, strategy promotion, latency tracking, telemetry, performance optimization, operational visibility and automation frameworks.
Use modern software tools in an agile project management process with a focus on continuous integration and regression testing to build highly performant code in a Linux environment.

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree from a 4-year university in computer science, engineering, and math.
3-5 years of software engineering experience.
Ultra-low latency programming experience.
Core proficiency in C++11/14/17, preferably on a Linux platform.
Experience with Python and/or JavaScript is highly desired.
Experience in finance or trading is a definite plus.
Solid knowledge of object-oriented programming and design.
Experience with multi-threading, real-time systems and socket programming.
Excellent communication skills.
Demonstrated problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
A self-motivated personality with a passion for working in a trading organization.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

C++: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote



Compensation  
$100,000 to $180,000+ USD & Stock Options

Let's start with why we exist. 
Ever wondered if your employer is monitoring your work computer?
At Fleet, we think it's time device management went open source.

Why should you join us? 

Work from anywhere with good internet. (We're 100% remote. No office. No commute.) Everyone works remote, but you don't feel remote. There is no "headquarters". You are free to travel and move.
 Fleet can offer you a competitive salary, significant equity, and an independent, outsider-friendly culture. Work with helpful, kind, and motivated people who know what they're doing.
 At Fleet, we value focus, iteration, and meaningful results– not 60 hour work weeks. We are non-judgmental and laser-focused on growing the company.
 Work closely with experienced, well-funded founders and a great team, including the people who created osquery (osquery.io) and Sails (sailsjs.com). We care about openness and transparency.
 Work computers can be private and safe. Help make endpoint monitoring less intrusive and more transparent.
 Protect the production servers and employee laptops of Earth's largest companies. Work on a product used by lots of people who care about what you do.
 Fleet is growing quickly, with significant revenue from Fortune 1000 customers. You will have lots of opportunities to make decisions, learn, and try new things.


 Responsibilities
As the senior frontend engineer on the interface team, this position will provide significant opportunity for growth into a leadership role either in management or as an individual contributor. You will unlock the potential of Fleet's platform by building compelling user experiences for IT and security teams who rely on our product to get their work done every day.

Fleet's UI is written in React with Typescript. We want you to lead the technical vision for continuing to grow the capabilities and scope of this UI, while taming complexity and reliability for the frontend engineering team. You will work closely with an engineering manager who has significant frontend development experience to realize the UI vision for Fleet's product. There is also some scope to get involved with full-stack engineering in the Go backend.

Design and implement new features with Typescript in Fleet's 100% source-available codebase (https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/).
 Work with Fleet's product team, customers, and the wider open-source community to improve IT and security workflows.
 Work closely with frontend engineers to implement new API features.
 Mentor newer engineers and become a technical leader as you grow with the company.
 Support customers and users using software you built at organizations you've heard of (https://fleetdm.com/#testimonials).


 Are you our new teammate? ‍

Mid-level to senior engineering experience (4+ years) with frontend or full-stack software engineering.
 Significant professional experience building SPAs in JavaScript/Typescript with React. 
 Extensive experience with the myriad benefits and tradeoffs of reusable UI components. 
 Expert CSS skills: Confidence writing custom stylesheets (we use Sass and LESS). 
 Experience creating and maintaining robust, responsive experiences that gracefully collapse down to 320px width
Your work hours have significant overlap with Americas time zones.
 You have great written and oral communication (https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/communication/) skills, especially in English.
 You are competent with source control in Git. You use issue trackers and other worthwhile processes to get more meaningful work done.
 You can mentor other developers and do code reviews. Maybe you managed open source projects before; maybe you collaborated closely with more junior engineers at work. You understand the importance of promoting a positive engineering culture.
 Bonus: Experience building data visualizations in the browser.
 Bonus: Experience or interest in cybersecurity.




  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, available and accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.  Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.  Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are.  Check out our locations, benefits and more at cash.app/careers.



  Job Description
   Cash App is the fastest growing financial brand in the world. We've held the #1 spot in finance on the App Store for more than three years. Built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic money app that includes Banking, Stock & Bitcoin Investing, Lending, Tax Filing, and more with over 44 million active monthly users (as of Dec 2021). Cash app leads financial innovation, and continuing in that tradition we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem. As a member of the founding team, the ideal person will play a lead in creating the technical requirements, implementing new systems, and integrating proof-of-concept technology into Cash App.
 You will:

 Play a role in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design, build and own projects at scale
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 5 or more years of software development or equivalent experience
 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Taken technical initiative on previous projects

 Tools we use and teach:

 Java, Kotlin
 AWS, GCP
 HTTP, JSON, gRPC, Protocol Buffers
 OkHttp, Jetty, JUnit, Guice
 Hibernate, MySQL, DynamoDB
 Kafka, events, microservices
 DataDog, Prometheus, SignalFx

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.




Software Engineer



 COMPANY SUMMARY


    Since 1992, Kingland's managed solutions have helped data-intensive, highly-regulated clients connect and protect their businesses. Kingland develops and manages enterprise-class software solutions using its Kingland Platform and teams of data and technology experts. Clients in the banking and capital markets, public accounting, insurance, and retail industries look to Kingland to create solutions to manage data, risk, compliance, customer insight and more. The Kingland Platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities.
  


 Kingland is unique. While we are based in Iowa, our clients are not. We are an Iowa company with a significant global reach. We provide our employees with the opportunity to "live locally and work globally", combining the Iowa quality of life that we all love, with exciting opportunities to travel the world and work on large projects for large clients.
  


 Kingland is growing. We’re looking for individuals who like to tackle big challenges, want to work on mission-critical solutions, as well as desire to make a difference in the world — and be rewarded for their efforts. Explore all the ways that quality of work meets quality of life at Kingland, and launch yourself on an exciting new adventure.
  


 POSITION SUMMARY | Software Engineer
  

    Java. Spring. Angular. Python. PostgreSQL. AI tech. AWS. These are just a few of the technologies you'll use as a Kingland Software Engineer. Work with clients to better understand their complex and challenging problems. Design solutions using relational and columnar data stores, microservices and cloud architectures, text analytics, and more. Your work will help reinvent the way companies manage risk, compliance, and data.
  


 If you're curious about how technology should work and enjoy solving problems, this is the right space for you. Use your creativity, share your point of view with clients and colleagues, and have enough grit to see the project to its end. It's like a puzzle. You know there are multiple ways to solve it. Every tool will be at your disposal. And you'll be able to test your ideas with experienced professionals in the organization.
  


 RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES | Software Engineer
  

 Develop highly secure, performant and maintainable code based on software designs for Kingland Platform solutions
 Leverage automated build and deploy processes to create and execute integration tests
 Identify, fix and communicate defects throughout the software engineering process
 Collaborate with teammates and clients, from requirements review and design to implementation, testing, deployment and triage
 Grow into a role with responsibilities for creating innovative software designs and accompanying prototypes for Kingland Platform solution requirements, enabling further implementation



 POSITION REQUIREMENTS | Software Engineer
  

 Bachelor’s degree and requisite experience in Computer Science, Software Engineering or Computer Engineering is required
 Ability to travel to Clear Lake and Ames, Iowa office locations, as well as additional travel as required by business and client needs



 BENEFITS


    Kingland has an awesome suite of benefits that sets us apart from others. We are authentic in our commitment to providing team members an exceptional experience where they feel supported and valued by the Company, in an environment where they are set up for success. We recognize that each individual has unique needs, and our health and welfare, wellness, lifestyle and total rewards benefits are designed for that reason. Visit Kingland.com/Careers for a listing of the great benefits and perks we have to offer for this position!
  


 SALARY RANGE


 $65,000 - $135,000 annually
 Salary range may be adjusted based on geographical location



 LOCATION


 Kingland offers modern office locations in our Ames or Clear Lake, Iowa facilities
 Remote work locations that may be considered include, but are not limited to, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Virginia




ManhattanLife was founded in 1850, the Company’s longevity makes it one of the oldest and most reliable health and life insurance companies in the country. Operating successfully for 172 years is a testimony to ManhattanLife’s enduring history, and an indicator of the reliability of our future. ManhattanLife’s headquarters are in Houston, TX and the company is continually growing with multiple office locations nation-wide. ManhattanLife offers attractive employee benefits starting day one, including immediate coverage under our health, dental and vision plans. We offer flexible schedules, including shortened hours on Fridays, free parking, company-wide events, and professional development and wellness programs.
Working Job Title:  JR. Software Programmer
FLSA Status: Exempt
___________________________________________________________________
Scope and Purpose: 
We are seeking an individual that has an aptitude for Software programming. The ideal candidate will work closely with business analysts and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions. The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of systems analysis, design, development, and quality assurance and integration. This is a JR. Software Development role with room for growth and development.
Duties and Responsibilities: 

Design and create reports, stored procedures and API's using MS SQL
Balance workday between multiple projects and respond immediately to tech support requests from staff
Report issues and concerns immediately to IT manager
Troubleshoot system bugs and issues
Create, modify, and test the code, forms, & script that allow computer applications to run
Write computer programs to store, locate, & retrieve specific documents, data, & information
Update & maintain computer programs & software packages
Work with Operations for reporting requirements
Create and maintain documentation of technical specifications
Design and create reports and enhancements to the FIMMAS system
Assisting with analysis and mitigation of FIMMAS issues

Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, IT or related field of study with 3 years’ experience with MS SQL.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

3 years’ experience with MS SQL
Current technical knowledge of Information Technology, focusing on application development and support
Skill in use of MS Office applications
Ability to utilize critical thinking skills for problem solving
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
FIMMAS and Voluntary benefits knowledge is a plus

Professional Development: 

Establish annual objectives for professional growth
Keep pace with developments in the discipline
Learn and apply technologies that support professional and personal growth
Participate in the evaluation process

Physical Demands
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, type, and use mouse; reach with hands and arms and talk and/or hear. The employee is required to sit for extended periods of time.
Work Environment
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works in an office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones via WebEx, physical phone while in office, and photocopiers when necessary.
Travel Requirements 
This position does not require travel.
Other Duties
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to the job at any time without notice.
AAP/EEO Statement
ManhattanLife prohibits discrimination based on race, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status. EOE Employer/Vet/Disabled
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $60,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft SQL Server: 5 years (Preferred)
FIMMAS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are currently sourcing for a position with our client and would like to discuss this opportunity with you.
Rangam Consultants is an award winning company for Staffing solutions and services. We are a multiple service provider in the Information Technology, Scientific, Engineering and administrative fields. We have a proven track record for successfully delivering mission critical consulting, support and recruiting services to various government and Fortune 500 clients.
The details for this position are as follows: 
Job Title: Software Quality Engineer
Location: Beaverton ,OR 97003 - Remote - PST hours
Duration: 12 Months
Pay: $71/hourly 
Shift: M-F 8 am - 5 pm PST 
Job Description:
Top skills:

Python,
Software QA Management,
API

Duties:

Develops, modifies, applies, and maintains standards for software quality operating methods, processes, systems and procedures.
Conducts software inspection, testing, verification, and validation.
Implements software development and maintenance processes and methods.
Ensures measures meet acceptable reliability standards.
Develops overall operating criteria to ensure implementation of the software quality program according to project, process and contract requirements and objectives.
Ensures that project and process control documentation are compliant with requirements, objectives, and/or contract.
Reviews software design, change specifications, and plans against contractual and/or process requirements.
Reviews include applicable specifications, materials, tools, techniques, and methodologies.
Performs or directs verification of software requirement allocations, traceability, and testability.

Skills:

Minimum 5 years of technical experience with 3 year in software quality Typical Office: This is a typical office job, with no special physical requirements or unusual work environment.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $71.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software Quality Assurance Occupations: 5 years (Required)
Python: 3 years (Required)
APIs: 3 years (Required)
quality assurance management: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

About Lightspeed Health
Lightspeed health provides data management systems to medical diagnostic testing laboratories and providers across the country. A fast-growing, med-tech company located in Lehi, UT, Lightspeed Health is tackling some of the largest inefficiencies in the medical data market. We are hiring team members that enjoy working in a fast-paced, flexible environment, where they will be able to make an immediate impact.
Job Description
We are looking for an experienced Back-end developer to join our IT team. You will be responsible for the server side of our web applications. If you have excellent programming skills and a passion for developing applications or improving existing ones, we would like to meet you. As a Back-end developer, you’ll work closely with our engineers to ensure system consistency and improve user experience. Ultimately, you should be able to develop and maintain functional and stable web applications to meet our company’s needs.
What you will do: 

Build new features for our Lab Information Management System
Optimize and build back-end services for performance and scale
Integrate our software with third party reference labs using REST API's or HL7 integration.
Participate in code designs, planning meetings, and code reviews o Write high quality software using Python
Analyze/debug performance issues o Take ownership of major API features
Refactoring existing python code to improve capability and performance o Help integrate third parties using either the REST API interface or HL7 messages.
Help move the infrastructure to containerized, scalable architecture. About you:
3+ years of professional software development experience o Strong experience with Python
Experience with REST, HTTP/HTTPS protocols o Experience with NoSQL database operations
Ownership of integrating 3rd party APIs a plus
Strong desire to work in a fast-paced, start-up environment
A passion for working as part of a team - you love connecting and collaborating with others

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

It is preferred that applicants live in the Utah/Intermountain West area. Do you live in the Utah/Intermountain West Area?
Normal work hours are (but are not limited to) 8-5PM MT. Can you commit to working the majority of your time during these hours M-F?

Education:

Associate (Required)

Experience:

Database: 3 years (Required)
Mongo DB: 1 year (Preferred)
Rest API: 1 year (Preferred)
HL7: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 3 years (Required)
Flask: 1 year (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote

The Company
RaLytics LLC is a leading healthcare information technology company that provides a full range of professional, software development, analytics, and executive-level advisory services in the areas of healthcare strategy, risk optimization, business transformation, and Risk Adjustment. These services assist healthcare payers, providers, and compliance experts deliver effective solutions that reduces cost and financial risks while improving revenue efficiencies and patient care.
Our Culture
RaLytics is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. RaLytics’ strength lies in the breadth and depth of our employees’ experience and expertise. We employ and maintain a talented team of data scientists, AI developers, medical record coders, clinicians, healthcare policy experts, and are networked with industry experts with extensive experience on-the ground and in the boardroom. Our internal team coupled with our external partners create an effective network of seasoned professionals and organizations that are here to significantly improve the healthcare risk adjustment eco system.
Candidate Opportunity
RaLytics seeks a highly talented and self-motivated software engineer to join our Risk Adjustment Platform product development team. The primary responsibility of this role is to enhance current functionality and build new features to expand the depth and breadth of our backend/cloud and customer-facing application components of the platform with a strong focus on enterprise-level data exchange.
Who You Are

Great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, and designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues
Thrive on teamwork and have excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong technical and analytical abilities with a knack for driving impact and growth

What Will You Do

Work with our seasoned product development team to implement robust and winning cloud-based applications for our product offerings
Influence architecture and design for critical projects while developing software from concept through completion (develop, document, test, deploy, and debug)
Communicate with internal and external clients to understand business needs and provide engaging user experience and workflow solutions
Contribute to the scalability of our software beyond application code, such as data modeling, query optimization, strong security, and efficient logging and monitoring
Work in a collaborative environment, partnering with other developers and technologists of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring user-centric design and scalable serverless computing to the challenges of payment integrity for the healthcare industry

Required professional and technical expertise
* Applicants must reside in Florida.

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related fields
3+ years’ experience developing with front-end technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, VueJS (or equivalent)
3+ years’ experience with cloud-based application development (AWS or Azure) and serverless services (e.g. AWS Lambda, Azure Functions) using one or more of the following languages: Python, Java, Node.js
Knowledge of RESTful APIs and authentication methods (e.g. OAuth, SAML)
Working knowledge of Object-Oriented Design Principles and MVC concepts
Experience with no-SQL and relational database design and development
Familiar with Git and basic DevOps concepts
Working knowledge using Flack/Django for website development is a plus
Experience with HL7 and FHIR and/or healthcare application development is a big plus

What we offer

An amazing team determined to improve healthcare with leading-edge technologies.
A creative environment where you will be proud of your work and accomplishments.
The opportunity to apply cutting-edge data analysis methods to real-world problems.
Medical, Dental, Vision
401K and Discretionary Profit Sharing
11 Federal Holidays + Paid Time Off (PTO) Accrual
Professional Development
Telework with minimal travel

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Cloud-based application development (AWS or Azure): 3 years (Required)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
At GrayMatter, our goal is to transform operations and empower people. As digital transformations in every industry are underway, we partner with some of the largest companies in the world to help harness their data and use it to work smarter. After all, the industry is buzzing with talk of how to leverage the power of Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT) and the Industrial Internet. We provide innovative, data-driven technology solutions for the industry’s most complex problems. Our customers lean on us to protect and connect their critical assets with their people, so every operator is empowered to be the best operator.

And that’s where you come in.

GrayMatter is dedicated to creating a team that has the best talent our industries have to offer. Our organizational cultures express a team-oriented environment, and encourages a successful future with vast learning opportunities. Our team understands that our core values are critical to our success and make our company stand above the rest. Accountability, Integrity, Respect, Innovation and Teamwork make up our DNA.

Everyday, our team is doing amazing things such as:
Protecting the nation’s water supply
Improving US manufacturing operations
Monitoring the nation’s power and oil & gas production
Keeping our critical infrastructure safe from cyber attacks
Can you see yourself doing this every day? Joining our team means being a part of a culture that lives by its core values. Our goal is to make a difference where it counts.
GrayMatter is an Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Private Company for 6 years in a row, an Inc. Best Workplaces recipient, as well as a Pittsburgh Technology Council Tech 50 and Pittsburgh Business Times Fast 50 award winning company

We're looking for an Automation Engineer, with specific experience with GE Cimplicity, to join our team! This position will focus on managing specialized work efficiently, with confidence and competence. The position requires above average attention to details, concern for the exact correctness of work, and strong commitment to tasks completed on time. The person in this position will take work seriously, has a strong sense of duty, and is disciplined. The position will generally be task oriented, requiring someone with a conservative, careful, and cautious approach to work.

General Job Duties:
Configuring GrayMatter software and hardware for client needs with a focus on GE Cimplicity
SCADA Development
Installing PLCs and HMI applications
Designing, developing and implementing solutions to resolve customer issues
Consulting with and training end users on new applications
Assisting in project development and planning
Performing onsite pilots, testing and demos
Providing technical assistance to the sales team
Knowledge, Skills and Experience Needed:
Bachelor’s Degree in an applicable Engineering field (Electrical, Mechatronics, or comparable preferred) or Associate’s Degree with 4 years’ experience.
Experience with industrial application programming languages
At least 5 years of experience with GE Cimplicity
Excellent level of general computer technology knowledge, from gSuite and MS Office to TCP/IP configurations and more.
Acute attention to detail and process
Strong ability to solve problems and research solutions
Excellent customer service attitude
Willing and able to travel
W2 Contract (no C2C) - This is a fully remote position for a Software Engineer for an Aerospace client.
Primary requirements:

Possess eight (8) or more years of experience with enterprise applications and knowledge of Linux, Windows, Networking, JMS, OSGi, Java, Java EE, JavaScript, Maven, JSON, Java XML
Ability to support 24x7 on call may be required in this position. This is normally on a rotating basis with other team members.
A solid understanding of multi-threading, web services, message driven beans, XML, entity classes and persistence with SQL databases.

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $65.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Work Location: Remote

This position will be REMOTE however must sit in: 
North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Michigan
Day to Day: 
Insight Global is looking for a client engineer for one of our major healthcare clients. This individual will be responsible for assisting with new operating system development, package development and package deployment. This person will be responsible for maintaining the architecture, maintenance, configuration and integrity of the End User Computing environments including desktops, printers, laptops, and mobile devices. This person will work with IT personnel, vendors, consultants, and customers for implementation of new or revised functions. They will assist with researching industry trends and developments and how to incorporate them into the organization. They will help to coordinate with third party vendors for maintenance to existing environments and planning for additional capacity and upgrades. This role will sit fully remote.
Must Haves: 

1+ years of experience with End User Computing
1+ year of experience with SCCM/Microsoft End Point
Experience with End Point Management
Experience with Device Management

Plusses: 

Scripting experience
Experience with Virtual Desktop
Experience with Active Directory

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

How many years of End User Computing experience do you have?

Experience:

SCCM / Microsoft End Point: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specialises in the delivery of unique, personalised customer experiences across platforms and devices. We call it ‘people-based’ marketing, and with over 25 years’ experience, we are proud to be recognised as a Global leader.
 Merkle’s heritage in data, technology and analytics is the foundation for our understanding of consumer insights that drives our people-based marketing strategies. With our expertise, we can offer our clients content-driven, contextual and compelling customer journeys and experiences that drive business growth.
 With our Head Office in Columbia, Maryland and offices US wide, we continue to grow at a rapid rate across Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network, one of the world’s biggest Global media companies.
 Diversity is embedded in who we are and all that we do: our mindset, our solutions, and in our teams to empower an inclusive, equitable environment. We put our people at the center, creating space for growth, understanding and learning so they can thrive. Our differences make us richer and enable stronger relationships with each other and foster greater impact for our clients. We engage with our communities to drive positive social impact by fostering equity and working to create a digital society that works for all.



  Job Description
   Due to growth of our client base we have an exciting new opportunity for an individual with a keen interest in HTML to join us as a Junior Email Developer. We are a Digital Marketing agency; in this role, you will learn and become responsible for execution of our clients’ email marketing campaigns using a variety of leading industry tools, in particular IBM Silverpop.
 The Digital team are big advocates of animated gifs and will help ensure that you are taught how to create these using Adobe Photoshop as well as creating online surveys and landing pages.
 The role will give you the opportunity to work across a range of large client accounts and campaign types. The suitable candidate will either have recently completed a relevant degree with experience using HTML, or have some base level work experience using HTML looking for a next move.

 You will be trained by email experts and will learn to create mobile optimized emails from scratch so digital will be your passion!
 There will be regular time for innovation – the team share concepts and ideas and put them to practice to ensure they are the fore front of email innovation
 Conferences such as the Litmus Conference are attended by members of the team
 External and internal training will be offered in the area’s you wish to develop




  Qualifications
  

 Working knowledge of HTML either through a recent degree or work experience; this is a junior/trainee role in the team so we seek a basic knowledge and keen interest in developing HTML skills
 Proven ability to learn new skills quickly
 Ability to demonstrate drive, proactivity and reliability
 Strong attention to detail: ensuring work is produced to the highest standard and error free

 Additional Information
   For individuals assigned to and/or hired in Colorado, the anticipated salary range for this position is $50,000 - $60,000, which is based on a wide range of factors that include relevant experience, knowledge, skills and other job-related qualifications. Pay ranges in locations other than Colorado may differ based on labor market wage rates in those locations. A range of medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, paid time off, and/or other benefits also are available. For more information regarding dentsu benefits, please visit https://dentsubenefitsplus.com/
 Employees from diverse or underrepresented backgrounds encouraged to apply. Dentsu (the "Company") is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruiting@dentsuaegis.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company to which you are applying.


Our client provides a wide range of software solutions for customers in the Construction, Oil and Gas, and Manufacturing industries. They are looking for a Full-Stack Software Engineer to join their team! This position is a 3-6-month contract and will pay between $68 - $73 per hour. The company is based out of Houston, TX but this position is fully remote!!
Job Summary
This is a major project that our client is working on that involves an HR Integration process for one of their customers.
Skills and Experience

Must have at least 5 years of full-stack experience!
Must be able to use C# program language and operate in .NET core
Excellent communication skills, both oral and written
Proficiency in UI/UX Design

The Process
· If you are interested and qualified for this position, please APPLY NOW. If you have questions regarding the qualifications, please contact James at JHOLMES @MEADOR.COM
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $68.00 - $73.00 per hour
Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

C#: 5 years (Preferred)
.NET: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Note- This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
Under Armour is seeking a full stack Software Engineering Lead to help architect and build fast, frictionless experiences across the globe as part of our growing Ecommerce Engineering team. The Software Engineering Lead will hold responsibility for front-end initiatives across multiple platforms. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Technically lead a group of engineers, providing architectural guidance, code reviews, and mentorship
Execute full lifecycle software development
Build and maintain efficient UI applications and components to support backend services integration with a variety of third-party systems
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicate clear execution plans to both technical teammates and non-technical business partners
Act as owner for setting standards and best practices to improve performance, availability and scalability based on both technical and business considerations
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Expertise with modern web development - focus on frontend capabilities (Javascript, React, CSS, HTML)
Ability to technically support hands on & guide work including frontend development, enhancing performance, tracking setup and strategies, A/B tests, SEO, accessibility, and efficient content delivery
Ideal candidate has exposure to some of the following disciplines/practices:
Tagging & Analytics (ex: Adobe DTM/Launch, Tealium, Google Tag Manager)
Content Management Systems (ex: CoreMedia, Magnolia, Contentful, AEM),
A/B Testing (ex: Adobe Target, AB Tasty, Evergage)
Nice to have, but not required: knowledge of Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC) or other commerce platforms, experience building a PWA
Education And / Or Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or 7+ years of hands-on experience in a development environment.
Strong desire to learn and is quick to pick up new concepts
Passion for development and ability to dig into solving problems
Relocation
No relocation provided
This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.
We are Dynamic Range Labs, a group of creative developers looking for another hardworking and imaginative team member to join our growing team.
As a part of our team, you’ll support our clients in the electronics industry using modern design practices and emerging technologies. You will get the chance to help shape our company as we expand our core capabilities and services.
For this role we are seeking someone to join one of our eCommerce focused teams as we build out new features and functionality for our clients.
Responsibilities

Maintain reproducibility of infrastructure for multiple environments by provisioning infrastructure using infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform.
Build and maintain reusable infrastructure modules using Terraform and Terragrunt.
Enable team to deliver continuously by extending and creating CI/CD pipelines.
Manage the instrumentation of services to facilitate monitoring and alerting for incident response and capacity planning.
Maximize availability through proactive monitoring and automated deployment gates that verify an application’s readiness before promoting it to production.
Troubleshoot performance issues and broken deployments.
Manage the configuration of all services and environments used by the team.
Assist the team in architecting scalable and secure solutions.
Maintain technical documentation for infrastructure.
Ensure on call team members are adequately supported with runbooks for alerts and scenarios they may encounter.
Proactively eliminate toilsome tasks through automation.
Provide insights into system performance and behavior by building dashboards in Kibana and Grafana.

Benefits

Medical, dental and vision
Life Insurance
LTD
401K match
Paid Time Off and paid holidays
Flexible/hybrid schedule
EAP

Requirements
Required Experience

3+ years of DevOps experience.
Professional experience provisioning and maintaining Kubernetes clusters using one of the major cloud provider’s managed Kubernetes platform (Azure AKS, AWS EKS, GKE).
Professional experience provisioning cloud resources with Terraform.
Demonstrated ability to write automation scripts.
Knowledge of networking concepts such as virtual networks, subnets, and DNS.
Strong Linux system administration skills.

Desired Experience

Experience with Terragrunt.
Experience provisioning Kubernetes resources (deployments, secrets, etc) using the Kubernetes provider for Terraform.
Experience with database technologies such as ElasticSearch, Redis, and MongoDB.
Backend development experience with Node.js or Golang.
Experience with TypeScript.
Experience with monitoring technologies such as Prometheus, APM, and ElasticSearch.
Track record of performing successfully in a distributed team environment.
Professional experience supporting a multi-tenant SaaS platform.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $112,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote



   Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world. You can help us achieve our mission.
  


 The mission of Microsoft Digital Employee Experience is to power, protect, and transform the employee experience at Microsoft, as the voice of our digital transition in the market.
  


 As part of Microsoft’s Data Platform & Growth (DPG) organization within the Experiences & Devices (E+D) division, we are responsible for reimagining and transforming end-user productivity across the breadth and depth of Microsoft’s global workforce. This includes defining, creating/building, and delivering the vision for the Microsoft employee experience, human resources, corporate/legal affairs and real estate products, and running Microsoft’s internal network and infrastructure plus campus modernization and hybrid solutions. Our work is focused on empowering Microsoft employees with the tools and services that define the future of work while showcasing an employee experience blueprint that inspires customers and partners to help them navigate their digital transformation. Our team is on the frontline, leveraging cutting edge technologies that allow us to innovate and experiment which creates unmatched career opportunities.
  


 We are looking for Software Engineers to join us! Depending on what your skills and interests are, our team will work with you to find the role that feels like home to you!
  


 Our teams are seeking Software Engineers to join us as we create and deliver mission critical business services and processes for Microsoft. You will have the opportunity to design and develop creative, compelling, and cutting-edge systems that support our world-wide operations. You will develop software and services at scale, innovating on the latest technologies as the earliest adopters, while mentoring other team members.
  


 As a software engineer, you will be involved in designing, coding, testing, deploying and supporting features that enable our mission critical business partners. You will develop software and services at scale, innovating on the latest technologies (Cloud, Big Data, Mobile, Social, Security Software and services) while engineering for automated testing (in a TDD environment), Continuous Integration & Deployment as well as instrumenting telemetry that helps us monitor our service and helps diagnose and resolve issues quickly. You will work closely with peers across teams to help build flexible and high-performing components that enable next generation of business services.
  


 We have exciting opportunities for you to innovate, influence, transform, inspire and grow within our organization and we encourage you to apply to learn more!
  
 Responsibilities

 End to End engineering (from design to supporting production) accountability for the service.
 Practice Agile+ software development by adding and leveraging Telemetry/Instrumentation to our components and services to drive decisions while executing in an agile cadence for engineering activities such as: designing, coding, testing, debugging and incident management
 Carry out quick technology “spikes” (or proofs of concepts) to create value in new features and service.
 Design, develop, test, deploy, and monitor large scale distributed software services and solutions.
 Create enterprise grade systems through proven design patterns, designing well-defined interfaces across multiple components, rigorous code reviews, object-oriented programming, keeping agile release, maintainability, monitoring and alerting in mind.
 Leverage data and telemetry to make decisions and driving feedback into systems design and implementation.
 Influence product & system technology roadmap aligning to business outcomes.
 Drive improvement of automated test coverage for services, organizes by implementing integration tests, functional tests, performance tests and proactively resolve problem areas.
 Gain a working understanding of Microsoft businesses and collaborate with mentors and leaders to contribute to cohesive, end-to-end experiences for our users.
 Stay educated on existing, emerging technologies and do POCs to evaluate technology fits for customer needs.

 Qualifications


 1+ year of experience in professional software development, preferred full stack development experience.
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience.



 Preferred Qualifications:


 Knowledgeable in coding using object-oriented languages like .Net, C# (or equivalent)
 Experience in developing applications with an understanding of cloud based services, security, accessibility, performance, and monitoring
 Experience in applying object-oriented design patterns practically in the software design.
 Experience working on relational databases (like SQL server, T-SQL) and semi-structured or NoSQL databases (like Cosmo DB, Azure Table/Blob storage etc.)
 Experience with data modeling and in working with Agile methodology (Acrum/Kanban/etc.)
 Experience with UX development with web technologies like JavaScript, TypeScript, Angular, React etc.
 Experience with any of the following testing: performance testing, security testing, privacy testing, accessibility testing, and localization / globalization testing.
 Experience with DevOps model including but not limited to Continuous Delivery, TDD, and Testing in Production
 Experience in designing and implementing Service Oriented Architecture, REST, OData services.
 Experience building in telemetry into the products
 Proven ability to quickly learn new technologies and efficiently collaborate with partners to deliver and learn from results.
 Attention to details and passion for high quality software
 Ability to work independently (self-driven)



 Location: We are hiring in the following locations: Atlanta, Redmond, and fully remote – US.
  


 #MSD_EE, #JobsAtDPG
  


 Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.
  


 Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
  


Must-Haves: 

4+ years of professional experience within backend development
3+ year of experience programming with Java
1+ year of experience architecting and designing new and current systems
Bachelors degree in Computer Science
Experience maintaining workflows and debugging complex issues
Understanding of infrastrucutre and archtiecture of how a system operates
Some design systems knowledge, someone who is teachable
Knowledge of Computer Science Theory and APIs

Plusses: 

AWS cloud experience
Experience with C++ or C#
Knowledge of database systems

Day-to-Day: 
One of the largest enterprise companies in the nation is seeking to grow their backend team to support the development of their serverless analytics tool. The ideal candidate is an engineer dedicated to the backend with strong proficiency programming with Java. This candidate will be troubleshooting large-scale computing problems in the tool’s control plane. They will be working with a highly collaborative team and will be very hands-on and data driven, subject matter leaders.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $200,000.00 - $250,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Do you have experience with Design Systems?

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 4 years (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
 At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon.
 We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
 Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
 We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
 Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.



  Job Description
   Western Digital®
 The next big thing in data is you!
 We create environments for you to thrive. The growing diversity of data creates an exponential amount of new possibilities – for the world, our company and you. You’ll be part of a team driving the innovations necessary to outpace new demands and challenges everywhere data lives, from sensors to mobile devices to the cloud. We’ve only started to scratch the surface of what data can do. You can help unlock its full potential.
 We are seeking highly motivated students to join our engineering teams.
 What is the LAUNCH Program? The LAUNCH Program is supplemental to your full-time role. You will automatically be enrolled in the LAUNCH Program during your first twenty-four months. In this program, you will take a deeper dive into professional life at Western Digital by getting exposure to different parts of the organization in addition to the experience you gain from your day-to-day responsibilities. Supplemental LAUNCH Program elements include:

 On the job training and mentorship with industry professionals
 Supplemental professional development seminars
 Executive exposure
 Networking events with other Western Digital employees
 Competitive compensation and benefits package

 We are hiring an entry-level engineer on our Servo Tools team to begin and develop their career as a Software Development Engineer. Ideal candidates will have recently earned or are pursuing a BS or MS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field. Candidates must have a graduation date of May 2021 through June 2022.
 As a servo tools team member, you will join a team of engineers who are designing and building software applications (Windows and / or Linux) and data collection processes that analyze a hard disk drive’s servo-mechanical system. These applications run on Windows PCs, Linux PCs, and large multi-drive testers and it enables Product development teams to evaluate their designs.
 Responsibilities include:

 Add new features and enhances existing features to support Windows and/or Linux-based application development.
 Work collaboratively & communicate effectively with remote & geographically distributed technical teams to plan and develop improvements across various software components.
 Help to diagnose and resolve problems related to: custom applications, operating system, device drivers, device firmware and test automation infrastructure
 Create and maintain detailed engineering documentation, application specifications and internal user guides





  Qualifications
   Qualifications:

 BS or MS degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field
 Minimum of 3.0 GPA
 Degree conferral date of May 2021 - June 2022
 Self-motivated with the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced lean-agile team environment.
 Strong C/C++ development skills and its related compilers and development environments (MS Visual studio, Eclipse, gcc, gdb, cmake)
 Comfortable working in Python, Ruby, Tcl, Perl, SQL, Matlab
 Familiarity with Windows and Linux systems
 Familiarity with databases (MySQL, No-SQL), Elastic Search, RESTful APIs is considered to be a plus
 Familiarity with revision control & defect tracking utilities (SVN, git, Jira, Bitbucket)
 Familiarity with wikis (Confluence)
 Excellent written and oral communications skills

 Additional Information
   Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster.
 Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.
 Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.

 Compensation & Benefits Details

 An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
 The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado or remote jobs that can be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future.
 You will also be eligible to participate in Western Digital's Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan and to receive equity awards under our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the terms of these programs. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
 Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.




Job Description


Remote:This position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. Theemployee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.
  
 The 
  UltifiPlatform supports the definition, design, and development of continuously improving mobility services. Ultifi / SDV (Software Define Vehicle) is a new vehicle intelligence platform that will underpin all our future innovations across a wide range of technological advancements, including EVs and expanded automated driving. This means that you can potentially put a fingerprint on the vehicles that drive down the road! This space is ripe with technical leadership opportunities for advanced technology development, as well as the ability to provide mentorship for new employees. You can flex your teamwork muscles as you will be tasked with working with several other areas of engineering, IT, and the business.
  
 This is a remote position. We are looking for a Python Developer to join our engineering team and help us develop and maintain software tools. As a Python Developer, you would be responsible for writing and testing code, debugging programs, and integrating applications with other tools. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using client/server-programing and work well in a team. Ultimately, you will build highly interactive tools that align with our business needs.
  
 #LI-Remote
  

Additional Job Description


Basic Qualifications:



BS/MS degree or equivalent in a directly related discipline (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, etc.)



2-5+ years of industry experience, especially in automotive related applications



Writing scalable code using Python programming language.



Testing and debugging applications as well as any experience developing back-end components



Integrating user-facing elements using server-side logic.



Experience of working on Google Protocol Buffers and gRPC



Experience in developing Python base Test Management Tools 



Familiarity with front-end technologies (JavaScript, HTML5, Angular, CSS3)



Familiar at least one popular Python framework (Django, Flask or Pyramid)



Outstanding interpersonal and relationship management skills to effectively collaborate with varying levels of the organization



High level of integrity, ability to deal with ambiguity, takeinitiative/self-directed


 Preferred Experience:



Experience in CI/CD pipeline development



Knowledge of Java, Kotlin, C++ 



Experience in Android Apps and Services development 



Experience in integration of python base test tool with JIRA



Experience in building Simulators/Emulators for Android base devices



Exposure to embedded system, IoT and connected car environment 



Understanding of Android based devices architecture, Pub/Sub architecture 



Understanding of technologies/protocols like JSON, XML, WebSockets, Pub/Sub(MQTT) etc.


 About GM

 Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.
  

Why Join Us

 We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.
  

Benefits Overview

 The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
  

Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values; 
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


 Diversity Information

 General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
  
 We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
  

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

 The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 

Software Engineer 
Location: Remote, US, Plano, TX
Requisition #5673
Job Overview: 
This is a software development position for Spirent's leading wireless packet core testing and emulation product. The successful candidate will be developing application software for Spirent's industry-leading 5G wireless core network testing system. The successful candidate will implement new 5G test solutions as well as enhancements to existing products. Product areas include systems and system components used for testing wireless core networks for compliance with several industry 3GPP standards. The primary focus of the position is on the test specifications and the associated application software that controls the test equipment to manage the test procedures and test results.
Spirent. Promise. Assured. 
Spirent is the leading global provider of automated test and assurance solutions for networks, cybersecurity, and positioning. Our innovative portfolio of products and services addresses the test, assurance, and automation challenges of a new generation of technologies: 5G, SD-WAN, Cloud, Autonomous Vehicles, and beyond. Each year we assure the promises that more than 1,500 customers worldwide make to their customers, spanning communications, transportation, government, defense, aerospace, financial services, healthcare, retail, and more. Our network, cybersecurity, and positioning experts work closely with customers to understand their needs and deliver solutions that cover their entire technology lifecycle, from the lab to real-world deployment.
Why Spirent?... Because together we can shape tomorrow 
Spirent is its people! When you join the Spirent team, you will join forces and work alongside some of the most passionate and greatest subject matter experts in the industry. Here, you will find a place where you can grow, think, explore, create, and make change happen in an innovative and creative environment. At Spirent, we believe that diversity and inclusion are essential to thriving in the ever-changing world of global technology. We embrace a culture where difference is valued and openness, mutual respect, collaboration, and fairness are considered fundamental. Spirent does not tolerate discrimination or offensive behavior of any kind. We are committed to creating workplaces that genuinely reflect the diversity of the world we serve and an environment where everyone feels empowered to bring their full, authentic self to work. Join us and we’ll support you to perform, grow, and contribute – with the confidence to be yourself. Success is important to us, and so is your personal well-being. At Spirent, you will love the work and life balance experience!
Job Responsibilities: 

Define test solution for wireless core network, including requirements analysis and high-level design. Analyze wireless standards from 3GPP, 3GPP2, and other technical forums. Fully understand the requirements of customers and product managers.
Implement the test solution using C/C++ based state machine on the Linux platform for wireless core network protocols. Troubleshoot complex technical problems which involve software and hardware systems.
Execute unit test and integration test of the implemented solution.
Create technical design documents and source material for user documentation.

Job Requirements: 

A BS degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or similar field; or equivalent experience.
Minimum of 2 years of related/applicable working or intern experience, or master's degree.
Excellent C/C++ coding skills.
Basic OOA/OOD knowledge.
Knowledge of TCP/IP-based packet protocol stacks and protocol implementation.
Real-time SW development skill on Linux.
Motivated, self-starter who likes challenging work.
Strong problem-solving skills and team-oriented approach.
Hands-on experience in working within a structured software development environment that includes Requirements Analysis/Definition, Design, Defect Tracking, Configuration Management Software, and Structure Testing.
Knowledge of 4G/5G core network protocols preferred.
Experience with TCL script preferred.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

related: 2 years (Preferred)
C/C++: 1 year (Preferred)
OOA/OOD: 1 year (Preferred)
TCP/IP: 1 year (Preferred)
TCL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Assist with developing automated workflows and developing platform interfaces that are used to connect multiple systems into a common communication hub.
EXPECTATIONS

Designs and codes programs; creates and runs test transactions; uses insights gained to produce necessary design and code revisions. Is willing to take calculated risks.
Conducts analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems, providing ongoing feedback.
Identifies technical obstacles early and works closely with team to find creative solutions.
Educates team members (including BSAs, Scrum Masters and Product Owners) on capabilities and constraints of technology platforms.
Reviews, analyzes, and modifies programming systems, including coding, testing, debugging and installing for a large-scale system.
Maintains meticulous records to document program development and revisions.
Consistently shares best practices and improve processes within and across sprint teams.
Suggest solutions to critical business problems for the team by automating workflows.
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION - REQUIRED

BS - Bachelor of Sciences

EXPERIENCE/SKILLS

3+ years of experience developing full stack (MERN) application
Extensive development experience with React, NodeJS. Must understand modern JavaScript principals including Promises, ES6, async/await and TypeScript
Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and testing frameworks in JavaScript/Python
Some experience with Python and libraries such as; pandas, numpy etc.
Understanding of modern development paradigms including – CI/CD, source control
Hands on experience with crafting CI/CD pipelines
Experience consuming REST APIs
Relational Database with Postgres
Worked within an AWS cloud – ECS, Fargate, Lambda
Experience or knowledge of Container technology such as Docker
Always learning willing to learn
Able to iterate on a design and work quickly within a highly collaborative team environment
Adopt and embrace the Agile principals
Ability to write clean and clear documentation

Additional Information
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.
Finance of America is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, religion, creed, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

What you will be doing: Innovating, designing and implementing highly available, scalable systems.Contributing ideas for new features and identifying areas for improvement proactively.Ensure build, stage and production environment performance, uptime, and scale, maintaining high standards of thoughtful design and security.Writing clean, tested, and well-documented code and participating in the peer code review process.Automate recurring manual tasks and optimize repetitive processes.Define and document best practices and strategies regarding application deployment and infrastructure maintenance.Respond to alerts, review error messages, and fix bugs in a timely manner.Review business needs, requirements, technical specifications.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $79,355.00 - $173,503.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


3+ years actively working with HTML and CSS
Ability to write and edit HTML, CSS, and Javascript from scratch (using no frameworks - JQuery OK), including visual layout and style changes.
Experience with accessibility standards and assistive technologies
Knowledge of programming/development theory and best practices
Knowledge of JQuery and HTML templating tools (Pug, Handlebars, etc)
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
 Job summary 
 Amazon Outbound teams owns the CRM that marketers worldwide leverage to send 100's of billions of emails and push notifications to customers. You will be re-designing the website to make it easy for marketers to create emails. 
 
 Key job responsibilities 
 Technical requirements include expertise in HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, and JSP, plus the ability to learn our in-house tools quickly. The successful candidate will be a strong developer who is detail-oriented, capable of handling multiple projects at once, able to take direction, and work well with multiple teams. The ideal candidate will be innovative, and have a strong interest in developing world-class UI solutions. 
 
 The ideal candidate will have the proven ability to plan and execute new features, templates, and experiments with minimal oversight, partnering with business and technical teams to achieve project goals. This person will liaise with tech teams and global category teams to execute on shared goals. He or she will help to drive feature launches and site improvements to completion by coordinating with project managers, developers, the marketing team, designers, and editors in similar roles across the business. 
 


Experience in similar environment
Knowledge of A/B testing methodologies, measurements and theory
Experience with Agile/Sprints development calendars
Portfolio of web content (GitHub preferred)
Work with marketing and engineering
Experience creating and maintaining an editorial calendar.
Superior oral and written communication skills with an innate attention to detail.
Ability to work on a diverse team or with a diverse range of coworkers.
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.



#LI-Remote
 About EAB
 At EAB, our mission is to make education smarter and our communities stronger. We work with more than 2,500 institutions to drive transformative change through data-driven insights and best-in-class capabilities. From kindergarten to college to career, EAB partners with leaders and practitioners to accelerate progress and drive results across five major areas: enrollment, student success, institutional strategy, data & analytics, and diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I). We work with each partner differently, tailoring our portfolio of research, technology, and marketing and enrollment solutions to meet the unique needs of every leadership team, as well as the students and employees they serve. 
At EAB, we serve not only our partner institutions but each other—that's why we are always working to make sure our employees love their jobs and are invested in their communities. See how we've been recognized for this dedication to our employees by checking out our recent awards. 
For more information, visit our Careers page.
 The Role in Brief:
 Software Engineer
 This position is a remote based position or can be based in one of EAB's office locations: Washington, D.C., Birmingham, AL., or Richmond, VA.
 Primary Responsibilities:

Work with the development manager, product managers and stakeholders to get clarification on business requirements and then implement solutions including code development and database design
Develop components of our core SaaS platform written in Python, Django, Javascript
Gain an in-depth understanding of all of the team's code, systems, and tools
Support operations by identifying, researching and resolving performance and production issue
Ensure high quality solutions by implementing unit tests and supporting the creation and design of integration, load and user acceptance tests
Independently break down, estimate, design, plan and deliver small and medium sized features
Contribute to existing tech stack and actively research and advocate for new tools, technologies, and methodologies to evolve it over time

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree (or equivalent years of experience) and 2+ years of professional software development experience OR Master's Degree and 1+ years of professional software development experience
Development experience with object-oriented programming concepts in Python programming language
Written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and quickly learn new technologies
Ability to work with engineers and product management teams in requirements definition, design, and development of software products
Ability to communicate with business and technical teams both verbally and written
Self-driven and a desire to work efficiently and produce high quality
Interest in learning new technologies

Ideal Qualifications:

Experience with Amazon Web Services
Experience with PHP, Java
Experience with GitLab, CI/CD
Experience with Serverless Technologies (AWS Lambda)
Experience with Terraform
Experience with Lumen, GoLang
Commitment to valuing diversity, practicing inclusive behaviors, and contributing to an equitable working and continual learning environment in support of EAB’s DE&I Promise

Benefits:
 Consistent with our belief that our employees are our most valuable resource, EAB offers a competitive and inclusive benefits package.


Medical, dental, and vision insurance; dependents and domestic partners eligible
401(k) retirement plan with company match
20+ days of PTO annually, in addition to paid firm holidays
Daytime leave policy for community service or fitness activities (up to 10 hours a month each)
Paid parental leave for birthing or non-birthing parents
Phase Back to Work program for employees returning from parental leave
Infertility treatment coverage and adoption or surrogacy assistance
Wellness programs including gym discounts and incentives to promote healthy living
Dynamic growth opportunities with merit-based promotion philosophy
Benefits kick in day one, see the full details here.


    ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
   

At EAB, we believe that to fulfill our mission to “make education smarter and our communities stronger” we need team members who bring a diversity of perspectives to the table and are committed to fostering a workplace where each team member is valued, respected and heard. 
To that end, EAB is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we make employment decisions on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law.



As a Software Test Engineer, you will be involved in testing of our complex medical device. Projects include system control software, user interface design, and code optimization. Projects will be tailored to the skillset and interests of the employee.
Collaborate with other team members ranging in experience from new college grads to seasoned industry experts, including a management team with a successful track record leading medical device companies.
In addition to developing core software skills, our small company environment allows team members to develop varied, cross-functional skills. The employee will develop expertise in medical imaging and an understanding of the clinical applications of breast ultrasound. The employee will also take part in required training, and will learn about medical device design documentation practices, privacy / security of patient data, etc.
Primary Responsibilities: 

Contribute to the testing and development of the product software by updating existing functionalities and implementing new ones.
Contribute to the software development effort by designing, programming, testing, debugging, optimizing, and documenting code.
Test code in support of the verification and validation effort.
Write technical documentation.

Qualifications: 
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Language Ability: 
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.
Math Ability: 
Ability to apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations. Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis.
Reasoning Ability: 
Ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. Ability to deal with nonverbal symbolism (formula, scientific equations, graphs, etc.) in its most difficult phases. Ability to deal with a variety of abstract and concrete variables.
Education/ Certifications: 

Bachelor in Computer Science, Math, Electrical Engineering, Biomedical engineering.

Work Experience: 

3+ years of software testing experience in a regulated environment preferred
Extensive experience in Python development in Linux
Extensive experience with the Linux development
Extensive experience with software verification (requirements specification, verification plan/protocol/report)
Code documentation
Collaborative coding with versioning repositories (centralized shared files)
Experience in designing and developing automated tests from software requirement, design specification

Computer Skills: 
To perform this job successfully, an individual should have experience in the use of MS Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)
Knowledge, Skills and Other Abilities: 

Meeting deadlines.
Good communication skills.
Ability to work independently as well as in a team.
Extensive experience with the Linux development environment.
Excellent knowledge of object-oriented programming.
Proficient in Python
C++ knowledge is a plus
FDA Design Control regulations, and associated standards, guidance.
Experience with testing medical devices is a plus

Physical Demands: 
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, use hands, and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to climb or balance, and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. They also occasionally move objects weighing up to 20 lbs., and sometimes, but rarely, up to 50 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to see color.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

About the Company
Most companies hire based on gut feel and credentials, not evidence of a candidate’s ability to excel at the job. Today's most forward-thinking Engineering leaders know that talent is everywhere and comes from a variety of backgrounds. They know that great senior engineers are great at debugging, technical communication, and architecture beyond writing great code. Woven scenarios allow hiring teams to predict how well candidates will perform on the job, not how well they will perform in an interview.
About You
Over your career, you’ve built production level systems (preferably with Ruby on Rails, but that’s not a hard requirement). You’ve participated in technical interviews - both as an interviewer and interviewee. You’ve developed opinions about what works and what doesn’t work and how to make these interviews more engaging and unbiased.
The Problem You’ll Own
We’ve built a system that helps companies find highly qualified engineers by using a series of real world scenarios during their interview process. No trick questions, no puzzles, no FizzBuzz. Think debugging live systems, designing new ones, and collaborating on technical topics. These help the candidate show what they are truly capable of doing and allow our customers to find amazing engineers for their team.
You’ll be building new features to help improve the hiring manager experience - be it selecting appropriate challenges for their roles or evaluating candidates that have applied to roles. You’ll be working to make our candidate experience even better. To eliminate the gap between talent and opportunity, we must build a platform that supports the same level of quality at scale. That’s where you come in.
What you’ll be doing

Taking the platform to the next level by implementing features to support both our customers and their candidates.
Supporting a team of engineers to ensure our customers are evaluating their candidates for the role they need to fill with scenarios to reflect real world problems - no puzzles, no trick questions, no FizzBuzz.
Working on the full stack using Ruby on Rails, React, and modern JavaScript

You can do most work asynchronously, and we'd like the ability to work together as needed. As a result, we'd ideally like applicants to be within a few hours of US Eastern time, but are open to a wider time range for the right candidate. We’re a fully distributed team and collaborate mostly over Slack and Zoom.
Experience you have

This role can span a mid-career to senior level engineer. You probably have 3+ years of professional software engineering experience
You’ve worked in different areas of the stack (e.g. front end, backend, mobile)
You have experience working in a remote environment with teammates in multiple time zones.

Nice to haves
These are not requirements of the role, especially for non-senior candidates, but they will aid in your ability to join and contribute to the team rapidly.

Working knowledge of automated unit tests in backend and frontend technology stacks
Working knowledge of some of the following technologies: Ruby, Rails, Applicant Tracking Systems (Lever, Greenhouse, Workable, etc), Heroku, Sidekiq, Python, React
Working knowledge of low/no code systems like Airtable, Trello, Front, Slack
A polyglot, familiar with both dynamic and statically typed languages
Most of our current stack is Ruby, JavaScript, Python, and React. Our scenarios are in All The Languages
Experience performing light user-testing of features or prototypes with customers
Experience translating high-fidelity design mockups to working code
Interest in software engineering challenges/scenarios

What’s in it for you

Radical transparency: company financials, compensation, strategy, etc
Fully remote work at a remote-first company with flexible hours
Annual cash compensation: ~$145k
Significant equity (and the info to fairly value that equity) in a high-growth startup
Unlimited PTO with 38 days off minimum
Employer-sponsored health insurance
401(k) plan w/ match
8 weeks 100% paid parental leave at 1 year
A tech stipend for great gear, home office improvements, and extracurricular learning
A passionate team of co-conspirators

We encourage you to apply even if you don't have this exact experience! In the worst case, you’ll waste a bit of time on your application. In the best case, you land your dream job. It's worth a shot, right?
We recently raised our series A totaling $10MM in funding from High Alpha and Allos Ventures - investors in incredible companies like Lessonly, Salesloft and G2.
We believe that diversity is integral to our success, and do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, age, or any other basis protected by law.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $125,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

software engineering: 3 years (Required)
Ruby and/or Python: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Description: Boulder Heavy Industries (BHI) is seeking a React Front-End Software Engineer. You’ll form part of a specialized team focused on a modern SaaS application. Your expertise in front-end coding will have a direct impact on the future of our platform. Your creativity and innovation will be critical in our continued product development. Our software provides advertising technology to everyday folks for a variety of companies. Your work will drive engagement through ecommerce and will be a key component on which major well-known brands rely.
You will be joining a talented team who likes to have fun but takes their engineering work seriously. You don’t need to be the best React developer in the industry, great coding is about always pushing forward and growing as a developer. Your experience, adaptability, and collaboration will be rewarded with great culture and a team that respects your hard work. We are looking for a talented and professional developer because those are the kind of people on our team.
Remote Role: If you do not live in our beautiful state of Colorado, we are open to 100% remote candidates in most states.Boulder Heavy Industries is a collective of marketing companies born from a shared commitment to pushing the boundaries of modern growth strategies. Housed under one roof, the businesses at BHI service startup, growth-stage and enterprise-level brands.
*The ideal candidate*
*Minimum 4 years proven experience in a full-time, software development role using React / Redux / JavaScript

Minimum 4 years proven experience with HTML, CSS, SASS
Minimum 3 years proven experience implementing responsive UIs
Familiarity with REST architecture and APIs
Working experience with UI/UX and an overall sense of a great aesthetics
Familiarity with agile software development, SCRUM and coding sprints
Strong work ethic for working independently but also a team player

*A day in the life*

You’ll have focus time during the day to sink your mind into your coding work.
You’ll attend a stand-up meeting to provide updates and inform of any blockers that may disrupt your work.
You’ll collaborate with fellow engineers, brainstorm ideas and check-in with senior management.
You’ll speak up at a “retrospective” where we learn from our sprints and talk about issues that we might improve - all while cracking a few jokes.
You’ll help a colleague, that might be outside your department, on an issue which is related to your software development.

. Requirements: Here's what you need to get our attention: 

You enjoy challenging work – great software is not easy
You have an approachable yet professional personality, you communicate well and can articulate a point within a complex issue
You can discuss your experiences as a React & JavaScript developer
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering or related degree – or equivalent work experience: If you have a four-year degree, that’s great; we care more about your past experience and ability to do the job, so please apply even if you don’t have a degree.

Here's what will make us call you for sure, but you don’t need all of these: 

A strong entrepreneurial spirit and/or experience in business
Experience working with customers, customer service and colleagues beyond engineering.
Translating UI wireframes, user stories, and functional requirements into front-end code
Knowledge of NodeJS, TypeScript, Python, or Go
Experience with NextJS
Agency, AdTech or eCommerce industry experience

And if we haven't convinced you yet, here is why you'll want to be part of our team: We aren't just in the most beautiful city in the world (in our humble opinion), but a place where fun isn’t a 4-letter word:

We have top-notch engineering culture with team members who have your back!
100% remote or you may come into our beautiful offices if you’re near Boulder, CO (our in-house happy hours are always fun).
Time off is as important as hard work! Salaried employees are on a Flex PTO plan
Generous holidays including a reduced schedule between Christmas and New Year’s.
We make sure our team is well cared for with strong health plans - We even cover our employees' dental and vision premiums!
Access to Flexible Spending Accounts Plan
Matching traditional and Roth 401k
Employee Assistance Program
Supplemental leave: self-care and family first!
4-week paid sabbatical after 10 years of service
Life Insurance
Travel Assistance and more
Dogs are welcome

Salary range: $110K-$125K DOECOME AS YOU ARE: your gender, your gods, your sex life, your skin color or your big shot uncle don't make a difference here. BHI, LLC is a progressive and open-minded meritocracy. If you're smart and good at what you do, come as you are.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year









Location: Remote Latin American
Team: Enterprise Services
Work Type: Full Time



          Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “
          Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.
         


 Conocimiento en Java SE, Spring boot, Arquitecturas Cloud
Experiencia en refactorización de código, DDD, TDD BDD, integración continua
Microservicios
Kubernetes
Kafka
Conocimiento de patrones de Diseño y de optimización(paralelismo/asincronía)
Conocimiento en Azure Cloud/Stack
Conocimiento en Kubernetes/contenedores/BD como servicio
Conocimientos en alguna BD SQLServer, MongoDB, Redis,
Conocimientos en metodologías ágiles y trabajando en equipos ágiles
Ojalá con experiencia en servicios SOAP.







          Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
         










Exciting job for a software engineer (Full-time)We're looking for an energetic software engineer who enjoys system development and wants to make their mark on the further development of our successful product set.
Nexcom is made up of a group of innovative, passionate and dedicated people who think it our most important obligation to provide highly intelligent and hyper-convenient software that helps companies prevent poor customer experiences. We are immensely proud of our products, and delighting our customers is our number one goal.
We have offices in New York City, USA and Copenhagen, Europe. We are keen to recruit the best talent wherever it may be found.
Our products include RevealCX which is a tool to support the monitoring and coaching of customer service agents based upon COPC principles. This position will be part of the RevealCX team. We also market eTray®, which is a workflow management solution for optimizing and automating the work in larger customer service centers.
Our systems are currently used worldwide by large corporates such as TDC, Groupon and Telenor.
You will work within our development team to both support the current product set and develop new features. We are expanding into the use of AI and ML to add value to our already feature rich offering. You will have the opportunity of working alongside our Data Scientists to integrate these new features into our products.
As a candidate you should be: 

A curious person who thinks it's fun to develop new applications and familiarize yourself with new technologies
Able to work flexibly and independently from home
A team player who can manage their own deadlines
Focused and determined to achieve your goals
Fluent in English

The ideal candidate furthermore has

Worked in a consultancy environment
Flexibility in their thinking to change direction if something is not working
Ability to understand the business impact of new features, not only to our own business but also customers as well
A track record of contributing towards user interface design

Development environmentWe are looking for candidates with proven experience of a range of the following

Python 3
Angular
PostgreSQL
Amazon Web Services
GitHub

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Python: 4 years (Required)
Angular: 2 years (Required)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote

This position is remote, but will work on primarily Pacific Time. 
Position Overview
The Software Engineer is a C++ expert who will help to build the next generation of Final Draft, our Emmy Engineering Award winning screenwriting software, its companion products and services. The ideal candidate will be versatile and highly motivated with a strong sense of commitment and teamwork. A background in cross-platform desktop software is a plus, as is development experience in an iterative, Agile/SCRUM environment.
Responsibilities

As part of a collaborative team, build and enhance cross-platform (macOS, Windows) desktop word. processing application software for the entertainment industry using C++ & Objective-C with MFC, Cocoa, .NET/XAML.
Work closely with QA and product management to design and implement new feature requests.
Follow best practices related to coding, unit and acceptance testing and building software using C++ and Objective-C in a continuous integration environment.
Add Assistive technology to existing products
Other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

BS in Computer Science or equivalent required.
1-3 years hands-on C++ development preferred.
1-3years hands-on Objective-C/Cocoa development a plus.
C# and .NET and modern Windows desktop experience a plus.
REST experience a plus.
Cross-platform desktop experience (word processing, consumer, etc.) a plus.
Mobile development a plus.
Working knowledge of Agile/SCRUM development methodologies and best practices.
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.

Special Work Conditions 

Sedentary – Involves sitting most of the time but may involve walking or standing for brief periods of time. Some positions may entail exerting up to 15 lbs. of force occasionally and/or a negligible amount of force to lift, carry, push, or pull.

Benefits

Cast & Crew provides a comprehensive package of employee benefits including: Medical, Dental, Life/AD&D; LTD, additional voluntary benefits such as STD, Vision, paid vacation, holidays, and sick pay; 401(k) and employer match, Additional Life Insurance, and other company perks and benefits!

Please note: Due to the high volume of applicants, it is likely that only shortlisted candidates will be contacted.
About Cast & Crew
We enable great content. Films, television, streaming, live events. We make difficult tasks easier - think payroll, human resources, accounting, financial management and workflow. Great content is difficult enough, so we’ve built solutions and software and, most importantly, linked everything together through a central hub. In English, that means Cast & Crew solutions talk to each other, making those difficult tasks we listed above a whole lot easier and simpler. We do. So you can. Learn more at www.castandcrew.com
CA residents: Your personal information may be collected in connection with certain services provided by Cast & Crew or its affiliated companies. A summary of your California privacy rights can be found at: https://www.castandcrew.com/privacy-policy/
Cast & Crew is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce and sustaining an inclusive culture. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals based on job-related qualifications and ability to perform a job, without regard to age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, creed, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship or marital status, and to maintain a non-discriminatory environment free from intimidation, harassment or bias based upon these grounds.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for this role?
What is your desired compensation rate for a full-time role?
Please provide your number/email

Experience:

C++: 2 years (Preferred)
Windows Desktop Applications: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
At John Deere, we run so life can leap forward. This powerful purpose is our promise to humankind that we will dream, design and deliver breakthrough products that sustain our world for generations to come. The world is counting on us to feed billions of people and build vital infrastructures in villages, towns, and megacities. We live up to the legacy our founder forged in a one-room blacksmith's shop nearly two centuries ago by creating a culture that brings out the best in all of us. A culture where great ideas thrive because every voice is heard.
Primary Location: United States (US) - Kansas - Coffeyville
Function: Product Engineering
Title: Software Engineer - 86454
Onsite/Remote: Onsite Position
This position is eligible for a partial telework arrangement at the present time. The arrangement may be delayed for training or other job acclimation purposes and remains subject to change.
Your Responsibilities
As a Software Engineer for John Deere Coffeyville Works located in Coffeyville, KS, you will be an integral part of a software and controls team responsible for the development of embedded software for John Deere Drivetrain products. Your role on the team will help support embedded software development with an emphasis on utilizing plant modeling to support Model Based Software Development (MBSD) best practices.
Additionally, you will…
Work closely with hardware development teams to create plant models that can be used to fully understand the physics of our hardware and utilize Model Based Software Development (MBSD) to develop robust embedded control algorithms
Implement software unit tests, Model in the Loop (MIL), and Hardware in the Loop (HIL) test plans
Evaluation, tuning, and testing of software of products in the test lab and in the field
Visa sponsorship is available for this position.
What Skills You Need
Experience with MATLAB Simulink
Understanding of embedded software development
Experience with C++ and other programming languages
What Makes You Stand Out
Experience with plant modeling software such as Amesim, Simscape, etc.
Hands-on background with off-highway machinery, drivetrain, or powertrain hardware.
Experience with Model Based Software Development tools and methodology.
Experience with continuous integration development and automated build tools
Experience with GitHub workflow and best practices
Familiarity with J1939 CAN protocol
Education
Ideally you will have a degree or equivalent related work experience in the following:
BS Software/Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or Agricultural Engineering
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.
An Equal Opportunity Employer, John Deere requires a diversity of people, perspectives and ideas to address the complex challenges of its global business. John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
Directory / HTML Assistant for Online Medical Textbook
PathologyOutlines.com, now in its 21st year, seeks a Directory / HTML Assistant to work 20-30 hours per week, no nights or weekends, with the possibility of increased hours. Meticulous attention to detail is required. You need to care a lot about small details in written documents that others often ignore. Prior training or experience demonstrating that you have this capability and desire is important. A science or biology background is also helpful. HTML experience is preferred.
We publish a free online pathology textbook with 4,500 topics, written by University professors, peer-reviewed by outside Editors and paid for by advertising. We also recently created a Worldwide Directory of Pathologists, see https://www.pathologyoutlines.com/directory, which is the focus of this position.
Your main responsibility will be serving as a member of our “Directory Team” to create profiles for pathologists using institutional lists of pathologists. You will research these pathologists online to gather data for their profiles. Occasionally, you will transfer pathologist survey data into the database or update the database based on changes submitted. In addition, as an HTML Assistant, you will format job, fellowship and conference advertisements, and possibly handle author content for our textbook using our online templates, HTML and our content management system (CMS). There may be additional responsibilities based on ability. We will train you to perform these responsibilities.
You must be organized and be able to work independently. This is a telecommuting job, with the option to work in the office.
This is a great job if flexibility is needed - our employees typically prefer part time to allow them to care for family members or pursue outside interests. The pay is $16 per hour. At hiring, we provide health care premium reimbursement up to $2600/year. After 3 months, you are eligible for our quarterly profit sharing bonus (if applicable), which has historically been substantial. At 6 months, we provide 2 weeks of annual paid vacation. At 1 year, we provide a company funded 401(k) and a cash pension retirement plan. At 2 years, we provide 4 weeks of annual paid vacation. Other benefits (if working in the office) are a comfortable quiet workspace and monthly office lunches. The office includes 22 other individuals (almost all are part time) and is located on Telegraph Road between 12 and 13 Mile in Bingham Farms, Michigan.
You will be working with Apple computers (if working in the office), using HTML/CSS, Google Apps (Mail, Docs, Calendar), Internet browsers (Safari, Firefox and Chrome), and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Please submit a cover letter with your resume that gives us examples of your experience in editing and attention to detail and tells us why you want a part time position.
Job Type: Part-time
Pay: $16.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

HTML: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Description 
KBX Technology Solutions, LLC, a provider of transportation technology to industry leaders, is seeking a Frontend Software Engineer to join our team. This role will be part of a team of engineers that are responsible for enhancing existing applications and for building applications using modern microservices architecture techniques. Responsibilities include implementing solutions that are secure, support best practices, embrace CI/CD, and scalable. The qualified candidate has a solid understanding of the organization(s) being supported and KBXT’s role in the business's mission and applies it to software design and development.
 

KBX Logistics is looking for a Software Engineer to join our team! The role will be part of a team of engineers that are responsible for enhancing existing applications and for building applications using modern microservices architecture techniques. Responsibilities include implementing solutions that are secure, support best practices, embrace CI/CD, and scalable. We are seeking an individual that possesses strong collaboration within the immediate IT team as well as the business teams within KBX Logistics.
What You Will Do In Your Role


 Work independently, or within the construct of a product team, to understand customer and business requirements to deliver creative solutions which meet or exceed those business needs.
 Execution of this role will involve both the deployment of standardized product offerings and the creation of new solutions and services as required to meet customer needs.
 Coordinate with peers in leading the effort to develop and/or refine processes which optimize the delivery of Cloud solutions and create value for KBXL and its customers.
 Maintain awareness of emerging cloud-based industry trends and technologies which may create value.
 Produce documentation to support solutions that you have developed in order to aid in support of the solution.
 Developing a full stack microservice solution(s) including API’s, queue processing, and database interaction.
 Performing analysis and development of backend processing and Web-based front-end applications.
 Working with a team of engineers and analysts through discovery, delivery, and support of new platforms that are focused on the transformation of our transportation management systems
 Ensuring delivery of technical solutions that meet the business outcomes, consistent with software development standards and best practices for a service-oriented architecture
 Develop, test and deploy solutions based on requirements.
 Document changes based on solutions deployed.


The Experience You Will Bring
 Requirements:


 Hands on coding experience in front end development
 Experience with Angular or React
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS


What Will Put You Ahead


 Degree in Computer Science/MIS or Engineering
 Experience converting design mockups into an Angular user interface
 Experience building front-ends using component libraries
 Experience with different architecture methodologies (Monolithic vs. Microservices)
 Experience in AWS technology stack
 General Queuing Technologies (RabbitMQ\Apache-Kafka) experience\principles






 Our goal is for each employee, and their families, to live fulfilling and healthy lives. We provide essential resources and support to build and maintain physical, financial, and emotional strength - focusing on overall wellbeing so you can focus on what matters most. Our benefits plan includes - medical, dental, vision, flexible spending and health savings accounts, life insurance, ADD, disability, retirement, paid vacation/time off, educational assistance, and may also include infertility assistance, paid parental leave and adoption assistance. Specific eligibility criteria is set by the applicable Summary Plan Description, policy or guideline and benefits may vary by geographic region. If you have questions on what benefits apply to you, please speak to your recruiter.  
 At Koch companies, we are entrepreneurs. This means we openly challenge the status quo, find new ways to create value and get rewarded for our individual contributions. Any compensation range provided for a role is an estimate determined by available market data. The actual amount may be higher or lower than the range provided considering each candidate’s knowledge, skills, abilities, and geographic location. If you have questions, please speak to your recruiter about the flexibility and detail of our compensation philosophy. 
 For this role, we anticipate paying $90,000 - $120,000 per year. This role is eligible for variable pay, issued as a monetary bonus or in another form. 

Equal Opportunity Employer.  Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.  This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf


· Must-Have Skills: 
o This is infrastructure Devops not application Devops position
o They prefer from data center background / networking/ systems side/ administration background – as this is for 5G project
o deploying AWS infrastructure - with core AWS services such as EC2, VPC, IAM, S3 and RDS
o IaC, with Terraform (Strong )
o experience building CI/CD pipelines
o AWS Associate-level Certification (required within 6 months of employment) - Preferred
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Required)
Terraform: 2 years (Required)
CI/CD: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Massive Scale: Our microservices architecture in AWS ingests hundreds of terabytes daily across many geographic regions. Millions of queries a day analyze hundreds of petabytes of data. At Sumo Logic, we are building a data platform designed to power the analytics and investigations that are common in the Security Operation Centers of large enterprises. It is designed to accept hundreds of billions of events from security-relevant data sources (detection products, network sensors, log shippers, inventory systems) per day. It is cloud-native, with no plan to support an on-premise deployment. It is multi-tenant, and is designed to simultaneously process events from thousands of our customers. And, it is security-focused — it is designed to perform the kinds of stateful analyses that security analysts demand. We are building this platform the way startups should — with ruthless prioritization, and with a live and demanding customer base.

By joining us as a Senior Frontend Engineer for Cloud SIEM Enterprise, you have the opportunity to make our vision a reality, one feature at a time.

What You Will Be Doing:

Build and maintain beautiful user interfaces for our customers
Work inside of a fast-paced iterative environment Implementing clean modern designs
Make decisions based on actual client usage

 Who You Are:

6+ years’ experience in a similar role or related technical field
Experience developing web apps with modern UI frameworks (preferably React)
Familiarity with React, TypeScript, Webpack, and Apollo/GraphQL is preferred
You love collecting data about your UI as much as building it to make decisions based on usage
Experience in common UI testing frameworks, including Jest and Cypress
Knowledge of standards and best practices for UX/UI design
Flexibility and willingness to quickly take on new roles and responsibilities
Bonus if you have experience in data visualizations with D3.js

 About Us

Sumo Logic is the pioneer in continuous intelligence, a new category of software, which enables organizations of all sizes to address the data challenges and opportunities presented by digital transformation, modern applications, and cloud computing. The Sumo Logic Continuous Intelligence Platform™ automates the collection, ingestion, and analysis of application, infrastructure, security, and IoT data to derive actionable insights within seconds. More than 2,100 customers rely on Sumo Logic to build, run, and secure their modern applications and cloud infrastructures. Only Sumo Logic delivers its platform as a true, multi-tenant SaaS architecture, across multiple use-cases, enabling businesses to thrive in the Intelligence Economy.

Other Details:

Competitive compensation + RSU's
Unlimited PTO
New MacBook Pro
100% remote or in office- your choice
Employee stock purchase plan- ESPP
Medical, Dental, Vision
Paid Parental leave



    Are you looking for a hybrid or remote work opportunity? Are you interested in a workplace that allows for flexibility in your day? Are you ready for a workplace that provides benefits that suit your needs?
   


 As an 
    Advanced Software Engineer at Relativity, you will use your development expertise, working on software projects to build our software platform, Relativity. You will help solve complex problems as we continue to improve and build great technology. This role reports into the Manager of Software Engineering.
   


 You will work on projects on a highly scalable and dynamic web system that supports integration with multiple search engines, clustering technologies, and client component interaction through web services. This is all using many of the newest, cloud-based technologies.
   


 You will build highly distributable systems composed of multiple databases, processing, and web servers within the massive data field.
   


 Our team is currently in the Discovery stage of a new project focused on Investigations. Investigations is a formal inquiry conducted by a company to determine whether laws, regulations, or internal policies were violated in order to take corrective action. Types of internal investigations include workplace misconduct, code of conduct enforcement, regulatory and compliance investigations, and more. At a minimum, our product will provide quick searching and analytics, dashboards and visualizations, interview capabilities, targeted collection and processing capabilities, integrated AI to accelerate and drive an investigation, and an easy, intuitive setup process.
   



Your Role in Action

 Design, implement, and test performant, scalable, and secure software to a high degree of quality – not simply focusing on meeting requirements Work together with a software development team to ship high-quality, performant, secure software that operates on data at a massive scale Focus on quality through comprehensive unit and integration testing and static analysis and rigorous test strategy development Improve the software development process by collaborating with your team in recommending and instituting changes to evolve our policies and procedures Participate in paired programming to improve software quality and completeness and share design and implementation knowledge Mentor less experienced engineers and provide technical guidance to build new leaders from within the team





Your Skills

 3+ years of software development experience building large, responsive, and interactive web applications Bachelor’s Degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science or related disciplines Experienced in HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, and related web technologies Experience with C#/.NET, ASP.NET and/or MVC Experience working on an agile software team Experience designing and developing highly scalable solutions in Azure or other cloud platforms Knowledge of software engineering disciplines, including the ability to work in all layers of the Application Stack





    Why Relativity?
   


 Relativity is currently at a stage where we are looking for builders, not just operators. We have the capability to grow the business dramatically over the next 5-10 years and we need individuals to join our team to collectively propel us forward.
    




    Relativity is a diverse workplace with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they're empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.
   


 Benefit Highlights:


     Comprehensive health, dental, and vision plans 
   

    Parental leave for primary and secondary caregivers 
   

    Flexible work arrangements 
   

    Two, week-long company breaks per year
   

     Unlimited time off 
   

    Long-term incentive program 
   

    Training investment program
   


 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.



Arkestro is scaling the first sourcing enablement software that conducts automated negotiations. Our system utilizes artificial intelligence to optimize savings for businesses. We serve businesses globally with our cloud-based system. We aim to streamline highly complex processes to deliver better user experiences.
We believe in always trying to do things a better way, continually adding more advanced technologies and capacities to our portfolio, and giving our employees the space and opportunity to learn and grow in whatever ways they choose.
We are at an exciting stage of early growth in our team. As a result, we are able to give the right candidate the opportunity to own end-to-end features in a lean and agile shop utilizing the latest tools and frameworks.
Technologies and tools we use:
React, Ruby, Rails, Node, VSCode, RubyMine
HTML 5, CSS 3, Javascript
Github, Heroku, Webpack, Postgresql, AWS S3
An ideal candidate has:
2-5 years of experience using Rails, Express, or a similar MVC framework
2-5 years of working with SQL databases — ideally ANSI-Compliant relational databases like Postgres
2-5 years of experience using Javascript to write Single-Page-Applications with modern web technologies and frameworks like React, Angular, etc.
2-5 years of experience using HTML, CSS, and styling various kinds of applications for the web.
2-5 years of experience being able to take wireframes or mockups and converting them into clean and semantic HTML and CSS with a focus on responsive design.
2-5 years of experience with using Git for source control using Github.
Perks
We are a remote-first team (office presence in Atlanta and San Francisco), but we like to
get together for team building, design sprints, and customer visits (when appropriate).
We are highly supportive of flexible work hours.
Unlimited PTO.
Generous 401k matching and healthcare, dental, and vision plans.
Every employee has access to a $1000 annual learning + development budget (for
books, conferences, courses).
If you are interested in applying for this position, please email hello@arkestro.com with your resume and salary requirements.

  About Blackhawk Network: 
  
    At Blackhawk Network, we shape the future of global branded payments through the prepaid products, technologies and network that connect brands and people. Our collaborative innovation and scalable, security-minded solutions help our partners to increase reach, loyalty and revenue. We believe our future holds great things for Blackhawk Network and its partners. We believe that together, we can shape the future. Our beliefs? Win as one team, be innovative, global excellence and be inspiring!
  

 Responsibilities: 
  
Perform all phases of software engineering including design, development, testing, and deployment in an Agile software development environment
 Design and develop new features using various languages, we primarily use Java/Spring
 Collaborate with other teams and conduct new technology research for product development and recommend product enhancements
 Actively participate in code reviews, analyze results and choose the best solution
 Manage deadlines and prioritize tasks
 Continuously focus on improving the software quality and performance
 Participate in Information Security analysis and remediation
 Troubleshoot customer issues and communicate effectively to internal and external stakeholders
 Qualifications: 
  
Must have at least 1 year of prior work experience in each of the following:
 Analyzing software requirements, designing and developing enterprise Java/J2EE applications using OOAD, UML and various design patterns.
 Performing Unit and Integration testing of Java applications.
 Identifying, debugging and fixing programming defects and application issues in development, testing and production environments.
 Java/J2EE, Spring boot, Web Services, XML, DB2, PL/SQL, JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3.
 EEO Statement: 
  
    Blackhawk Network provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Blackhawk Network believes that diversity leads to strength. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
  


About Us: 
Throtl is a small team of experts committed to revolutionizing the automotive marketplace owned by Wheel Pros, a leading designer, marketer and distributor of branded automotive aftermarket products. We believe that buying parts should be easy, fun, and affordable. Built by enthusiasts, for everyone, the throtl team is committed to providing you the best market place experience.
Summary: 
The Software Engineer II will use a variety of technologies, including but not limited to; Ruby on Rails, Javascript, CSS, HTML, Postgresql, Redis, Java, Swift and MYSQL, to complete projects as assigned by the President of throtl and CTO of throtl. The primary function of the software engineer II will be to design and develop web applications to support the business functions of throtl’s ecommerce store.
Duties and Responsibilities: 

Executes software development projects.
Tests, documents and deploys software in support of various business processes.
Maintains existing interfaces to data stores including web-based application interfaces.
Assists in researching and evaluating software tools to support emerging business needs.
Completes software and process documentation.
Applies generally accepted programming standards and techniques to assure efficient program logic and data manipulation.
Participates in designing, coding, testing, debugging, configuring, and documenting software including Ruby on Rails, Javascript and other languages.
Provides assistance and routine consultation to users in the development of operating systems and software.
Executes daily and weekly tasks as required by the system and company.
Provide leadership and mentorship to junior engineers on the team
Provide valuable project status updates to management.
Other duties may be assigned

Qualifications: 

Requires 5-10 years of industry experience with a strong background in Ruby on Rails, working with applications at scale and managing large data sets.

Education/Experience: 

Bachelor's degree (B. A.) in Computer Science, IT, or related field from an accredited college or university; or 5-10 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Disclaimer: 
We are an E-Verify employer.
If an offer for employment is made, the offer will be contingent on passing a pre-employment background and drug screening.
Wheel Pros/throtl is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.
The preceding position description has been designed to indicate the general nature and essential duties and responsibilities of work performed by employees within this position. It may not contain a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees in this position. The description, duties, functions, and responsibilities are subject to change at the discretion of Wheel Pros.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $125,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software Development: 5 years (Required)
Ruby on Rails: 5 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is currently seeking an experienced Senior Back-End Engineer for a fully remote. The Back-End Engineer will join a long term government program and assist in building new applications, as well as new features for existing applications and maintaining the environment throughout the SDLC.

 Responsibilities of the Sr. Back-End Engineer:

 Develop Java based frameworks for complex data processing
 Code per development, performance, and secure coding standards; resolve defects identified in testing and code reviews
 Work with team lead / solution architect on solution design. Analyze and convert business requirements to technical requirements
 Design logical and physical ERD diagrams, process flow diagrams, and related data processing design documentation.


 Qualifications of the Sr. Back-End Engineer:

 4+ years of hands-on experience Java backend technologies
 Strong experience with Spring/ Spring Batch, Oracle, Agile environments, 
Experience in an Agile/Scrum environment and contributing to a scrum team backlog
 Cassandra of Kafka experience is highly preferred
 Experience with automated and unit testing frameworks


 Compensation for the Sr. Back-End Engineer:

 Salary Range: $100,000-$150,000, based on skillset and experience
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, PTO & Holidays, and 401K Match


 Keywords: Back-End Engineer, Backend Engineer, Back-end, Spring, Spring Batch, Oracle, Java, Cassandra, Kafka, Microservices, software, developer, testing, unit testing, automated, application,



  Company Description
   At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
 At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that.
 Our technology helped people put a man on the moon. We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
 Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
 We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
 Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.



  Job Description
   Western Digital is looking for a computer engineer or electrical engineer with software expertise to help grow our business by developing software based tools for improving the productivity of our storage platforms electrical engineering team.
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
 In this role, you will be responsible for developing software tools used by electrical engineers to facilitate more efficient development of enterprise class storage enclosures and storage servers. The tools you will develop will include, among other things, web-based applications, device automation, data collection and analysis and data management and recording. In this role you will have the opportunity to work from low level hardware interfaces up to system-to-system API’s.
 You will be working with electronic design engineers, system engineers and architects on developing test automation for product validation, debug, part qualifications and other automation needs. You will also have an opportunity to work in the electrical engineering lab using standard test equipment, your software automation, and existing WD storage enclosures and servers to assist in the development of new products.



  Qualifications
   REQUIRED:
 As a successful candidate you will have the following required skills, knowledge, and experience:

 BS or MS in Electrical or Computer Engineering
 Solid understanding of electrical circuit design, able to read and understand schematics
 Skilled at using standard electronic lab test equipment such as oscilloscopes, DMMs, and signal generators.
 Proficiency in Python.
 Proficiency in Linux
 Skilled at using the Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
 Be well organized with strong attention to detail
 Very strong verbal and written communication skills
 Willingness to work individually, and as a team member, to ensure commitments are met
 Ability to accept guidance from peers and negotiate effectively to reach common goal

 The following qualifications are desired but not required:

 Experience with the following software languages and tools: Web services (Java script, XML) HTML, Flask, MySQL, Bash, C/C++, GIT, Jira, Ansible, AWX, YAML
 Experience developing software to remotely control electronic test equipment
 Technical understanding of SAS, SATA, NVMe, PCIe and NVMe-OF standards and implementations

 Additional Information
   Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster.
 Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.
 Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.

 Compensation & Benefits Details

 An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
 The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado or remote jobs that can be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future.
 You will also be eligible to participate in Western Digital's Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan and to receive equity awards under our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the terms of these programs. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
 Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.



**NO 3rd PARTY APPLICATIONS-DIRECT SUBMISSIONS ONLY**
Job Title: Junior Software Developer
No Sponsorship-U.S. Citizen or Full Green Card Holder Only (No 3rd Party Submissions)
Status: Full-Time Employment, Contract (1099), Contract (1099) to Hire
Location : On Site/Remote
Reports directly to: Lead Systems Architect
POSITION SUMMARY: 
The Junior Software Developer is responsible for the assisting the development team in the development of client software. The primary focus will be to learn the codebase, gather user data, and respond to requests from senior developers.
MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Assist the development team with all aspects of software design and coding
Actively learn the codebase and improve coding skills
Writing and maintaining code
Working on bug fixes
Responding to requests from the development team
Gathering information about program functionality
Writing reports
Conducting development tests
Participates in team-based scrum development
Analyzing and understanding Clients needs
Monitoring the technical performance of internal systems
Meets with other team members and senior management to discuss the goals and needs of the company
Must be able to interface at all levels of the organization
Other projects/duties as assigned for the overall benefit of the company

EEO/AA Statement
Frontier BPM, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
QUALIFICATIONS AND MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: 
(List the minimum education and/or experience necessary to fulfill this position.)

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, a related subject or equivalent experience
Knowledge of basic coding languages including Java, HTML5, SQL, Python, or JavaScript
Preferred experience in Java, Spring, React, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, PostgreSQL, or AWS
Knowledge of relational databases such as PostgreSQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, or MySQL
Ability to follow instructions
Ability to pick up new technologies quickly
Extremely strong organizational skills and ability to maintain a high level of accuracy
Must be willing to work a flexible schedule that may include nights, weekends, and holidays; this is critical to support the needs of the business and subject to change.

Computer / Technical Skills / Job Specific Skills: 

Good working knowledge of basic programming languages
Must possess an in depth understanding of MS Office Suite.
Strong organizational skills
Professional level verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work in a diverse team environment

Work Hours: 
This is an exempt position, and this job description should not be interpreted as all-inclusive; it is intended to identify major responsibilities and requirements of the job. The employee in this position may be requested to perform other job-related tasks and responsibilities than those stated above.
Physical/Mental Requirements: 

Assigned duties are accomplished primarily in an office setting. Must be able to maneuver around an office setting, work at a desk/workstation and respond to written and oral cues.
Must have the manual dexterity to operate a computer and other necessary office equipment.
Must be able to sit for extended periods of time.
May be required to bend, reach, and lift up to 25 lbs.

Safety
All employees are responsible for their personal safety and safety of others. Therefore, all employees must:

Participate fully in company health and safety programs and comply with all company OSHA policies and procedures.
Follow all lawful employer safety and health rules.
Wear and / or use Personal Protective Equipment, when and how instructed.
Report hazardous conditions to management.
Report any job-related injury or illness to management and seek treatment promptly.
Other duties as requested.

Work Conditions
Office environment/desk job: The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Frontier BPM, Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this job description whenever necessary.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: From $20.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Software Engineer
 Remote
 About TimeDoc Health:
 Founded in 2015, TimeDoc Health is a leader in virtual Chronic Care Management (CCM) for healthcare providers - one of the largest new markets in healthcare. We enable providers to deliver truly continuous, comprehensive care by helping them establish care management programs for patients with chronic and behavioral health conditions. Our solution combines a care management SaaS platform, remote patient monitoring devices, and digital care management services to provide the personal touch often missing in healthcare. We have scaled our platform to over 50,000 enrolled patients and have set a goal to reach one million patients by the end of 2025. Are you ready to have a huge impact on thousands of patients' lives? Apply now to get started! #BecomingATimeDoctor
 Responsibilities

 Design, build, and maintain testable user interface components using React concepts
 Know code works because all the tests pass, including the new ones just written
 Work with others, developers and product/business, to develop complete software
 Develop and connect with internal and 3rd party APIs and Microservices
 Participate in architecture and design sessions
 Learn how to build continuous deployment pipelines, creates infrastructure thru code, push button deploys

 What we're looking for

 Experience / Knowledge of ReactJS/Node/Angular/or similar frameworks
 Ability to learn. Not afraid to ask good questions
 Experience / Knowledge of APIs / Microservice architectures
 Cares about the customer experience
 BS and/or MS degree in Computer Science or related experience

 What success looks like

 Making an amazing experience for our customers (internal and external)
 Delivering high quality code while contributing to the knowledge base



Panum Group, LLC., is seeking a Cloud Architect to support an existing contract. This person should have strong knowledge, skills and experience working in Cloud Environments.
Minimum Requirements

Bachelor’s of Science degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Computer Security, Information Systems, or related field, OR comparable level of professional experience
Experience with open source technologies and environments
Automation and scripting experience
Hands-on experience with Linux, AWS, and network fundamentals
Hands-on experience with CLI
Splunk deployment, configuration, and administration. Experience with Nessus
Worked with AWS, understands VPC, Security Groups, EC2, S3 (or equivalent cloud)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $140,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Federal: 3 years (Preferred)

License/Certification:

USC (Required)

Work Location: Remote



About Swiftlane
Swiftlane is an early stage, VC funded startup based out of San Francisco. We are a strong team of over 30 members, working on creating a very unique and modern experience for building security. Swiftlane provides the ability to open doors using just face recognition. Swiftlane’s products allow visitors to start two video intercoms from a door, to a person and remotely unlock doors. It’s designed to modernize the access control experience for offices and large apartment buildings. Our founding team built many great experiences at companies like Facebook, Instagram, and Lyft Self driving team.
Job Description | Software Engineer: Backend
Are you interested in working on an early stage startup in San Francisco, with a team of strong talented engineers in a fast paced environment? Every day you would get to make key technical decisions and design and implement complex systems from scratch. Here are some examples of projects you would work on:
What You Would Do

Design, build, and maintain APIs, web socket based applications, services, and systems
 A system developed in Python backend, React, Google Cloud with modern Kubernetes based stack
 Implement APIs and microservices in Python
 Deploying services on Google Cloud
 Work with a strong engineering team
 Learn how to deploy deep learning systems in production
 Implement complex services that involves message queues and large scale data processing
 Design and implement machine learning training systems
 Develop high performance ML inference services and APIs
 Build API integrations with third party APIs
 Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
 Work with engineers across the company to build new features at large-scale
 Improve engineering standards, tooling, and processes
 Maintain CI / CD and reliability systems
 Write tensorflow models and help data scientists be productive with training their models
 Setting up infrastructure using Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform and Packer

Required Technical Skills

Strong software engineering experience
 Experience developing cloud based applications in AWS or Google Cloud
 Experience developing in Python
 Knowledge of system design, high quality code and writing well tested code
 Experience in Javascript, Java or Go is a plus.
 Experience using containers and orchestration using Kubernetes is a plus.
 Understanding of cloud and web security is essential to succeed in this role
 Experience building highly scalable systems and ability to design and implement complex system architecture
 Ability to move fast and deliver on your project to completion and iterate
 Expertise writing software in more than one programming language and ability to pick up new languages
 Strong infra experience using AWS or Google cloud
 Ability to write well tested code
 Understanding of github and git based workflow
 Experience in building machine learning / deep learning models or platform is a strong added bonus

Non Technical Skills
High sense of ownership and desire to build an incredible product.
Ability to communicate and articulate effectively in English with team members across the globe. We look for effectiveness around written and verbal communication, and less about how fast you can speak.
It’s important that you take initiative to make things better, constantly improving the code base as well as overall system reliability.
It’s important that you are looking to have a personal impact through your work, inside the company.
Interested and flexibility to work as a remote engineer. Open to working with PST time zone overlap.
Apply
To apply for this position, send an email to contact@swiftlane.com with the link to this job posting and a little information about yourself. We look forward to talking with you!




Cricket Health is looking to add a Software Engineer to help scale our applications for improving the outcomes of patients with kidney disease. Your typical week would include writing code, writing tests, looking at others’ code and helping them make it better, deploying to production, designing future software, and communicating with other colleagues about all of the above. Solid, readable, well-tested code is more important to us than the quickest thing you can deploy to production (though we like to move fast, too). We use well-known technologies such as Javascript, Node, and React. We’re in this for the long-haul, so we also reflect back on how we can improve our processes and get better for the next time. Most importantly, you get to be the connection between software that serves the needs of your colleagues, and helping our patients live their best lives.
Required Qualifications

2+ years of experience building production web applications
Clear communication, both in writing and in conversation
Love building things that solve the problems of real people
Team player, enjoy helping others around you be successful
Experience with test first development
Believe in shipping early and often
Have a passion for making a meaningful impact on the health of our patients by meeting them where they are
Willing and legally able to work in the United States

Ideal Qualifications

Familiarity with the healthcare system and how health systems operate, especially in a value-based setting
Familiarity working with PHI in a HIPAA-compliant environment
Experience in ES6 and React
A passion for blending the best of what technology can do with what humans are best at

Benefits

Competitive salary and vacation
Generous health, dental, vision and parental leave policies
Contributions for 401k retirement savings plans
Commitment to building and maintaining an inclusive team

Cricket Health is a comprehensive kidney care provider with a personalized, evidence-based approach to managing chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Cricket Health delivers world-class, technology-enabled multidisciplinary care both in-person and virtually to achieve the best outcomes possible for patients and the best value for partners, keeping patients healthy and out of the hospital, accelerating access to transplant, and increasing home dialysis adoption. We are committed to aligning the success of our company with those of our partners and the patients whom we serve. Learn more at www.crickethealth.com and follow us @crickethealth.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

About DSCDollar Shave Club is adding to our team of passionate people who are changing the way men groom. We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a men’s self care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves.
We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best. You got a problem? We’ve got a solution. Welcome to the Club.
Role SummaryAs a Frontend Senior Software Engineer, you will use your technical skills to improve and support architecting our frontend applications. You have immense knowledge & experience on frontend technology trends in the industry. You pay attention to the ever changing landscape of technologies and are driven to share and discuss. You share this technical knowledge, and communicate effectively with engineers on software development best practices, feature implementation, design, and more. You have the ability to tackle difficult problems, and have the ability to propose things that no one before you has thought of. We need you to be versatile, be a strong individual contributor, and be enthusiastic to take on new problems to not only push our software and team forward, but yourself as well.
What you’ll do as an Engineer at DSC

Work closely with designers and PMs to ship high quality code to customers, both internal and external
Share responsibility for testing, releasing, and maintaining our frontend applications and related tools.
Frequently review code contributed by other engineers on the team.
Communicate technical topics effectively to engineers and business partners. Debug and problem-solve with your peers, QA, Product, and more.
Scope work in collaboration with Product to achieve business goals. Communicate and document architectural designs and requirements.
Provide and seek mentorship from engineers within the team
Help interview and recruit more talented engineers to DSC

You might be a good fit if you have

5-7 years of experience with writing code, and 2+ years experience developing web applications using Javascript/Node and React
A passion for good user experiences and interface designs
Familiar with statically typed languages like TypeScript
Proactive communication skills and a desire to work in a collaborative environment
Experience with localization, accessibility, and performance
Experience with build pipelines and docker-based deployment systems
Experience with automated testing strategies: unit, e2e, and integration.

Here are some projects you could work on

Clinic ~ DSC Frontend Development Environment (Electron/TypeScript)
CMS Architecture ~ Powered by Contentful
Featherweight ~ DSC Frontend Design System (React Native Web/Emotion)
Microservice integration (Cart, Auth, Pricing services, etc)

Our Engineering Values

Always Helpful
Be F*CKING Great
Simplify or Die
Build it Together
Stay on Target
Keep it Fun

----------------------------------------------------------------
Dollar Shave Club is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Vaccination Policy: All DSC employees are required to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 as a condition of employment. Proof of vaccination status is required.
Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process.
Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $165,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Signing bonus

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status? (Response is required)

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 5 years (Required)
TypeScript: 5 years (Required)
React: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


At Verint, we believe customer engagement is the core of every global brand. Our mission is to help organizations discover opportunities previously only scarcely imagined by connecting work, data, and experiences enterprise wide. We hire innovators with the passion, creativity, and drive to answer constantly shifting market challenges and deliver impactful results for our customers. Our commitment to attracting and retaining a talented, diverse, and engaged team creates a collaborative environment that openly celebrates all cultures and affords personal and professional growth opportunities. Learn more at www.verint.com . 
Overview of Job Function 
Verint’s Associate Software Engineer specializing in web/UI development designs, develops, tests, publishes and maintains web pages and websites, including layout to functionality, according to stakeholder specifications and organizational standards. This Engineer creates visually appealing sites that feature modern user-friendly design, clear navigation, exciting content that follow the latest accessibility guidelines. 
Principal Duties and Essential Responsibilities 

Design, implement, and test high level software applications 
Research new technologies to improve product 
Contribute to definition of component and product architecture 
Design, build and maintain web pages and websites following an informal SDLC process 
Write high-quality, standardized code and unit tests that perform optimally in highly concurrent, containerized, cloud-hosted environments 
Create UI and technical design specification documents 
Effectively communicate and collaborate to introduce new technologies, software standards, architecture/design concepts, engineering processes and techniques; and to provide subject matter expertise and technical support to customers and stakeholders 

Minimum Requirements 

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field 
0 - 3 years experience in design and programming web based UIs through all phases of the software development life cycle including testing, implementation and auditing 
Ability to manage individual priorities with s trong time management skills 
Experience with Front-end UI: ReactJS, HTML5, CSS, NodeJS, Mocha 
Experience with web applications and programming languages such as HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, and PHP 
Ability to take ownership of assignments and drive to resolution 
Ability to work in a fast-paced, high energy environment 
Candidates must have a good understanding of UI, cross-browser compatibility, general web functions and accessibility standards 
Successful completion of a background screening process including, but not limited to, employment verifications, criminal search, OFAC, SS Verification, as well as credit and drug screening, where applicable and in accordance with federal and local regulations 

Preferred Requirements 

Experience with REST API/microservice applications: Java, Spring Boot, Spring Cloud, junit 
Experience with SQL/NoSQL databases: PostgreSQL, SQL Server, MongoDB, DynamoDB 
Experience with GIT 
Experience with containerized runtime environments: Docker, Kubernetes 
Experience with Cloud hosting services: AWS, Azure, GCP 
Experience with JIRA 
Experience with Confluence 
Experience with Microsoft Office products 

#LI-TB1


What is Underdog?
Founded by a team of industry veterans, Underdog was born with the idea that bringing strategic innovation to sports gaming and entertainment is the key to success in an exceptionally competitive market. Underdog has quickly established itself as a leader in the space, and is committed to building the best sports gaming platform in the industry -- and supporting the most passionate community of sports fans while doing it!
At Underdog, we’re not only about creating these awesome products, but also about growing our culture of passion, ownership, and fun! We believe that great companies are made out of great people. Our continual aim is to create an inclusive environment for everyone, at all levels, to achieve their highest potential at work.
As a Senior Web Engineer, you’ll be an early member of our small team to help build out the next generation of Underdog’s web applications and keep us the #1 app in the industry!
*Please note, Underdog is a US based company and no sponsorship is available for this position at this time.
What you'll do: 

Write, review and maintain code primarily in Javascript/Typescript
Work with a React, Typescript and NodeJs tech-stack
Write clean, efficient, testable code for a production environment
Manage switching between contexts and codebases
Utilize and build reusable components for use across apps

Who you are: 

4+ years working with React or another Javascript framework
2+ years building large, high traffic web applications

Even better if you have...

Typescript experience
Experience working with large component sharing codebases
Experience with React hooks
Knowledge of Redux Sagas for use with Redux
Basic knowledge of most major sports (NFL, MLB, NBA) and how they are played

Underdog Sports is firmly committed to equity, inclusion, and diversity. Our unique culture was built on the foundation of a safe and inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds. We highly value the mental, physical, and emotional health of our employees, and are continuously asking ourselves: what can we do better? Underdog is an equal opportunity employer and doesn't discriminate on the basis of creed, race, sexual orientation, gender, age, disability status or any other defining characteristic. Our targeted compensation rate for this position is between $120,000 and $170,000+, depending on experience, plus equity. Below you’ll find a few of our perks: 
- Unlimited PTO (we're extremely flexible with the exception of the first few weeks before & into the NFL season)
- 16 weeks of fully paid parental leave
- Health, Dental, Vision+
- 401k Match & FSA
- Support for learning and development
- Remote, In-Person, or Hybrid Scheduling – we are 100% VIRTUAL FIRST!
- A $500 home office allowance
- $100 in UD cash
- Book club – expense your books
- Lastly, an extremely transparent, fun, and engaging culture where you will grow both personally and professionally!
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Software Engineer - Search Team Engineering & Tech Operations | Remote - US
 This position is not eligible for employment in the following states: Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, Mississippi, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia and Wyoming.
 Our agreement with employees DocuSign is committed to building trust and making the world more agreeable for our employees, customers and the communities in which we live and work. You can count on us to listen, be honest, and try our best to do what's right, every day. At DocuSign, everything is equal. We each have a responsibility to ensure every team member has an equal opportunity to succeed, to be heard, to exchange ideas openly, to build lasting relationships, and to do the work of their life. Best of all, you will be able to feel deep pride in the work you do, because your contribution helps us make the world better than we found it. And for that, you'll be loved by us, our customers, and the world in which we live.

 The team  Our Engineering & Tech Operations team builds and operates complex solutions for global business challenges that cross cultures, legal jurisdictions, and impacts millions of people and businesses every day. We hire people with a broad set of skills and people who want to work on creating never-been-done-before solutions at scale while ensuring world-class reliability and security. Our Agreement Cloud is a revolutionary solution that changes the way people live, work, and come to agreement.
 This position The Search Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help us create new value for our biggest customers. We work closely with customers throughout the development process, starting with proof of concept to the V1 release of new features and products. We are looking for a motivated engineer that can work well with customers and build flexible, scalable, and secure Search software to meet their needs. You will help design solutions for customers and collaborate with our leaders to deliver an awesome new Search experience.
 Create never-been-done-before technological solutions to complex, global challenges that impact millions of people and businesses.
 This position is an individual contributor role reporting to the Senior Director of Engineering and is designated Flex.
 Responsibilities

Collaborate and deliver best-in-class search ranking solutions for DocuSign
Collaborate on design and implementation with other engineers on the team to ensure new Search features and products will work well with the existing DocuSign platform
Work with other engineering teams within DocuSign to build high-quality product solutions for Search
Work to enhance every aspect of the search experience from indexing data to organization of the search results

Basic qualifications

5+ years of experience as a Search, Data, or Software Engineer developing production code

Preferred qualifications

Experience with MS Stack (C#, SQL Server, etc.)
Experience with CSS, AJAX, JSON, HTML, REST and Micro-Services
Strong understanding of search and relevance techniques
Experience working in Azure and/or AWS
Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to rapidly learn new technologies
Experience with Elastic Search
BS/MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science

Based on Colorado law, the following details are for Colorado individuals only: Colorado salary pay range: $93,700 – $128,875 annually and eligible for bonus, equity and benefits at https://www.docusign.com/company/benefits
 Vaccination requirement DocuSign may require all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and provide proof of vaccination to visit a DocuSign office, to meet with potential or actual customers or business partners, or for other business-related purposes, in accordance with local law. Please note that DocuSign has contracts with different governments globally which may require compliance with local and federal laws.
 About us DocuSign helps organizations connect and automate how they prepare, sign, act on and manage agreements. As part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, DocuSign offers eSignature, the world's #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, over a million customers and more than a billion users in over 180 countries use the DocuSign Agreement Cloud to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people's lives. And we help save the world's forests and embrace environmental sustainability.
 It's important to us that we build a talented team that is as diverse as our customers and where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging and thrive. We encourage great talent who bring a range of perspectives to apply for our open positions. DocuSign is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes hiring decisions based on experience, skill, aptitude and a can-do approach. We will not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, physical or mental disability, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, marital status, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected category.
 Accommodations DocuSign provides reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in job application procedures, including if you have any difficulty using our online system. If you need such an accommodation, you may contact us at accommodations@docusign.com.
 #LI-Remote


We are looking for a new team member for our iOS Development team. The iOS Software Engineer will handle coding duties and may take on additional duties as needed. An ideal candidate would be someone who loves to learn, takes pride in delivering a quality product, likes to move fast and currently works on an iOS team and has Android experience in the past. This position is a good fit for a mobile developer who is comfortable doing hands on coding and enjoys making an immediate impact on a company's bottom line.
Job Duties: 

Handle iOS Development duties as a member of the mobile engineering team.
Develop more involved aspects of the applications such as performance sensitive features, security related features, and features with high complexity.
Deploy code to production and manage branching and deployment strategy.
Get involved with the Support Escalation queue responsible for resolving escalated issues within the stipulated SLAs.
Work closely with the Product team to ensure that team members have adequate information to perform the task.
Build new features and explore novel features for R&D.
Monitor and triage of critical production issues.
Understand business requirements, create specs, and break down tasks.
Review code to identify defects, and sign-off on the quality before delivering to QA.

Requirements: 

Minimum 2 years of iOS development experience.
At least 1 year Swift development experience.
Excellent problem solver.

Preferred Requirements: 

Prior experience with Android.
Experience working in a start-up type environment where things move and change quickly.
BS in Computer Science (or equivalent) from an accredited 4-year university.

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

iOS development: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Company Description

Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that's transforming the way people work together, from the smallest business to the largest enterprise. With more than 500 million registered users across more than 180 countries, our mission is to design a more enlightened way of working. From our headquarters in San Francisco to eight dedicated Studios and a worldwide team of employees who choose where they work best, our Virtual First approach is leading the way into the future of work.

Team Description

Our Engineering team is working to simplify the way people work together. They’re building a family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people around the world. With our broad mission and massive scale, there are countless opportunities to make an impact.

Role Description
Dropbox is looking for software engineers to come build the next generation of work collaboration tools. The software engineer role is a generalist role, accepting people with a broad range of expertise with an emphasis in backend and distributed systems work. You can find more specialized engineering roles including mobile, web, and fullstack on our engineering jobs page .
Software engineers work at all levels of the stack to deliver software - everything from syncing exabytes of data , to staying in flow with Dropbox Paper , to handling millions of HTTP requests . Software Engineers are at the heart of everything we do at Dropbox, and in a typical week you’ll be expected to develop new features in a multi-functional team of designers, product managers, project managers, and quality assurance engineers. Software engineers are also responsible for the quality of the code and systems they produce, working hand-in-hand with customer experience and quality assurance Dropboxers to ensure that our product continues to serve the needs of our tens of millions of users.

If you are a new grad or intern please apply directly to that role.

Responsibilities

You will partner with product managers, designers, and analysts to deeply understand the needs of our users and build a product that serves those needs
You will build infrastructure to handle metadata for hundreds of billions of files, hundreds of petabytes of user data, and millions of concurrent connections
You will write modular, secure, and well-tested code
You will design and build software capable of reaching millions of daily users in Python, React, and Go
You will ensure that our development environment is best in class by delivering improvements to internal tooling and direct partnership with our product platform teams
You will work closely with customer support to respond quickly to issues for our users and solve those in a permanent and scalable way
You will articulate a technical vision for a more enlightened way of working and work with multi-functional partners to deliver that vision

Requirements

BS (or higher, e.g., MS, or PhD) in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent technical experience
2+ years of work related industry experience
A desire to take Dropbox even further. If these large-scale projects resonate, we'd love to learn more about you and find out if we can work together

Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland).

Benefits and Perks

Generous company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage

401k + company match

Market competitive total compensation package

Free Dropbox space for your friends and family

Wellness Reimbursement

Generous vacation policy

11 company paid holidays

Volunteer time off

Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)Everything we do at DICK’S Sporting Goods centers around our customers, or as we call them, our athletes. From online to in-store, we’re disrupting retail through technology.
Our Software Engineering teams are key disruptors. We empower our engineers to tear down the silos and work collaboratively with their product team to deliver solutions. We work in nimble product teams composed of engineers, designers, and product managers that aren’t bogged down by project plans and politics, but are empowered to continuously create, test and execute. One of the best parts is after the work is done, you get to see the results of your work in our stores, online and throughout our business. You get to make a difference.
We are looking for a Software Engineer I who will be responsible for joining a product team and contributing to the software design, software development, and overall product lifecycle for a product that our users love. The engineering process is highly collaborative. A Software Engineer I is expected to pair on a daily basis as they work through user stories and support products as they evolve. The Software Engineer I should have a basic amount of experience in a technology, and possess the ability to work with other engineers on the team to deliver software solutions that provide value to stakeholders. Engineers at this level are able to deliver small to medium tasks to production, working independently if required. They use best practices to ship high-quality code, and continue to push their knowledge.

Qualifications
Delivery & Execution:
Collaborates and pairs with other product team members (UX, engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions
Works with Product Team to ensure user stories that are developer-ready, easy to understand, and testable
Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure, monitoring services, and test cases
Writes custom code or scripts to do “destructive testing” to ensure adequate resiliency in production
Configures commercial off the shelf solutions to align with evolving business needs
Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively
Delivers quality solutions at an agreed-upon pace

Support & Enablement:
Fields questions from other product teams or support teams
Monitors tools and participates in conversations to encourage collaboration across product teams
Provides application support for software running in production
Proactively monitors production Service Level Objectives for products
Proactively reviews the Performance and Capacity of all aspects of production: code, infrastructure, data, and message processing
Resolves day-to-day issues or queries and effectively communicates status and blockers to team

Learning:
Participates in learning activities around modern software design and development core practices (communities of practice)
Proactively views articles, tutorials, and videos to learn about new technologies and best practices being used within other technology organizations
Reviews and discusses code from more senior engineers to understand best practices and design patterns
Understand business context of our technology relative to their scope of work; limited understanding of our systems and their interactions

Experience:
1-3 years
Exposure to object oriented design and programming language or Exposure to a front-end technology and framework such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, AngularJS, ReactJS, and JQuery
Exposure to modern web application frameworks and tools such as Spring boot/UML/Struts/Spring
Exposure to web service design (REST, SOAP)
Exposure to writing queries against a database.
Test Engineer,
DESCRIPTION
Test Engineer must have experience working with developers, end users and organizations to create test plans and test scripts. Coordinate with test sites and other team participants to plan test events. experience in creating reports. Tracks problems and reports on errors that are identified. Must have experience with configuring necessary hardware and operating environments as needed to complete assigned testing. Must have comprehensive technical expertise on IT products, operating systems, software, hardware, systems and networks and specialized environments. Must have experience in writing or assisting in the development of test plans and test procedures. Must manage the defect database under the guidance of senior QA engineers.
Must have strong analytical skills.
Must have Intermediate SQL skills.
Healthcare industry experience - claims and remittance advice and prior authorization knowledge is highly valued.
Insight into HIPAA transaction processing on adjudication platforms - 837, 835 and 277 is preferred.
Ability to deliver results while balancing competing priorities and timelines.
Familiarity with Scrum/Agile SDLC
EDUCATION: Bachelor's Degree
DEGREE: computer science, electronics engineering or other engineering or technical discipline is required.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: From $75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

SQL queries: 5 years (Preferred)
Agile environment: 6 years (Preferred)
Software Testing: 7 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

This international SaaS company is paving the way in the fintech industry with their enterprise-level application that helps their clients find investment capital to grow their businesses. They're looking for a 100% Fully Remote Software Engineer to help scale their core product as well as assist in new development on other applications in their pipeline.
If you are interested in maintaining their existing products while getting an opportunity to work on POC for new features, apply now!
Title: Backend Engineer
Location: 100% Fully Remote
Compensation: Up to $130k DOE + benefits (up to $10k value) + 401k matching
Qualifications for Success: 

3+ years of C#/.NET experience
3+ years of experience with SQL and stored procedures
PostgreSQL experience is a plus

If this is something you are interested in , please respond with a copy of your resume as well as your availability for a call about how this role fits into your future!
*US Citizens and Permanent Residents welcome to apply. Unable to provide sponsorship at this time.*
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Participate in requirements analysis
Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages
Test and deploy applications and systems
Revise, update, refactor and debug code
Improve existing software
Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: From $70,395.00 per year
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline (or equivalent experience).
 2+ years of professional front end development.
 Skilled with common front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JS, TypeScript, and Node
 Experience in one or more relevant front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, Vue, etc.
 A willingness to dive deep, experiment rapidly and get things done



  Job summary
   We are looking for a passionate Front-End Engineer (FEE) to join our team as we build new Alexa tools and services that encourage developers to explore the world of ambient intelligence. 
  
 The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics forecasts that job opportunities for computer science workers will grow 13% between 2020 and 2030. As part of our team, you will own the UI/UX experience and work with our engineers to help build innovative solutions that use Alexa to teach the principles of computer science through Alexa. You will encourage bold exploration of interactions and experiments that push innovation and use these learnings to bolster the foundation of best practice reference design patterns that foster a consistent, efficient, and familiar cross-product experience.
  
 Key job responsibilities
   As a member of tour team, your responsibilities will include:
  

 Designing and implementing critical components of UI and building new interfaces
 Integrating your work with existing architectures, developing and testing code
 Working with front-end and back-end team members, and product managers to manage the day-to-day development and engineering activities, participating in designs, design review, code review, and implementation
 Engaging and working with customers and dependencies to ensure the quality delivery
 Maintaining current technical knowledge to support rapidly changing technology, always on a look out for new technologies, and work with the team in bringing in new technologies





Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
 Experience building scalable front-end infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.
 Proficient in a broad range of software design approaches and common UX patterns. Knows when (and when not) to use front-end software design patterns
 Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices.
 Ability to articulate the benefits and challenges of depending on front-end libraries, frameworks, and tool-sets.
 Ability to decompose a problem into clear software and UX design actions.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Cerner is elated to hire a Software Engineer I. As a Software Engineer I, you will write and configure code for new and upgraded solutions in accordance with technical specifications. In this role you will, write code, test and debug new software, make enhancements to existing software from clear requirements, participate in code reviews and identify basic issues or deviations from best practices and develop knowledge of assigned solution, technologies, development processes and ecosystem.
Working Environment
Hybrid or Remote
This position offers a Hybrid or Remote working environment. Meaning if you live within a metro area of a Cerner office, you will split working time between a Cerner office and remote. If you are not within a metro area of a Cerner office, you can live and work in your current geographical location and work primarily remote. #LI-Hybrid #Remote
Back to Description
Cerner Jobs and Careers
Engineering & Technology
Innovation occurs everywhere but maybe you are also looking for a purpose. Nothing is more impactful than improving the health of others. Develop cutting edge technologies that have real meaning.
Additional Information
Working Environment Hybrid or Remote

Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: No

Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
At least 4 years total combined completed higher education and related work experience, including:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering or related field
Expectations:
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations
Work in accordance with corporate and organizational security policies and procedures, understand personal role in safeguarding corporate and client assets, and take appropriate action to prevent and report any compromises of security within scope of position
Perform other responsibilities as assigned
Applicants for U.S. based positions with Cerner Corporation must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

As a condition of employment, all US-based employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless a medical or religious exemption is approved.

Some Cerner positions may be obligated to comply with additional client-facing requirements and occupational health requests, including but not limited to, an immunization set, an annual flu shot, an annual TB screen, an updated background check, and/or an updated drug screen.
Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries.

Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace.We seek self-starting and curious individuals to join our team. The Metrics SDE position is unique and exciting in the breadth of the technical challenges and at the rapid pace at which those challenges may arise and evolve. The prospective SDE’s must feel very comfortable learning new technical skills and subject areas quickly. These engineers will have a lot of autonomy and ability to innovate in their role.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Information Technology, or Computer Science, from a four-year college or university, Masters degree is preferred
1-2 years of experience in a software development role is preferred, but we encourage candidates of all backgrounds to apply
Job Duties will include:
Software development of the Cozeva platform to ensure the Cozeva platform continues to qualify and obtain healthcare quality metrics certifications, i.e. NCQA, AMP, ACO;
Software development of new products and features of the Cozeva platform;
Software development of the Metrics Engine Infrastructure;
Improve and enhance existing features of the Cozeva platform.
Skills:
SQL, Python, and Shell script
Data Science
Designing Data-Intensive Applications
Through understanding of the Software Development Life-cycle (e.g. Requirements, Design, Development, Testing) and exposure to Agile or iterative SDLC
SVN configuration management
Excellent “soft skills,” including clear and direct verbal and written communication skills
Healthcare Industry Knowledge
Problem Solving including ability to see, and pivot between, multiple paths to the same goal
Strategic Thinking and Planning
Time Management
Persuasiveness
Creative thinking and curiosity around improving systems
Level-headedness
High learning agility and an unusually high tolerance for ambiguity
Well organized multitasker – Experience managing multiple competing tasks
managing multiple competing projects


7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams
 Experience partnering with product OR program management teams
 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers
 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams
 Experience partnering with product OR program management teams
 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers
 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field plus five years of progressively responsible experience in the specialty as equivalent
 3+ years of experience managing a team of software development professionals within a distributed systems environment.




  Job summary
   Work hard, have fun, and make history at Amazon Web Services!
  
 Kumo (pronounced ‘Koo-mo’, the Japanese word for "cloud") is the global product and engineering organization for AWS Support. Kumo provides software and technology services that intelligently anticipate and resolve AWS customer needs, helping them adopt, optimize and operate within the AWS cloud at scale. Kumo’s products, used by AWS customers and the internal Amazonian Support teams that help them, are vital to ensuring exceptional customer experiences on AWS. We aim to identify our customers’ needs across all AWS services before they do, and seamlessly deliver the most appropriate resolution for those needs, fulfilling the vision of a self-healing cloud over time. We have a broad portfolio of both customer-facing and internal services, including AWS Trusted Advisor, AWS Health, Automation, Recommendations & Insights, AWS Support Center, AWS Knowledge center, and many more.
  
 The AWS Kumo team is searching for an innovative, passionate, and customer-focused Software Development Manager with a track record of delivery. It is a green field role in the Automation and Recommendations space, where you will come in and will (1) establish the vision, (2) build the roadmap, and (3) build a team of scientists and engineers to deliver on this vision. 
  
 Inclusive Team Culture
   Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences.
  
 Work/Life Balance
   Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
  
 Mentorship & Career Growth
   Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
  
 Key job responsibilities
  

 Build a world-class team by hiring, coaching and developing exceptional talent, cultivating pragmatic decision-making, and leveraging your technical expertise to constantly raise the bar
 Think big and working with leadership team, business stakeholders and engineering and science teams to define vision, strategy and requirements
 Deliver results by leading a cross-functional team of software engineers and scientists to driving execution of programs from design to rollout
 Communicate effectively with senior management as well as with colleagues from business, engineering, and science backgrounds
 Own all business and operational metrics for your team’s software

 About the team
   The AWS Kumo team provides technology and trusted expertise that intelligently anticipate and resolve AWS customer needs, helping them adopt, optimize, and operate at scale. Kumo’s products, used by AWS customers and the support teams that help them, are vital to ensuring exceptional customer experiences on AWS. We aim to identify every need of customers across all AWS services before they do, and seamlessly connect them to the most appropriate resolution for their need, eventually fulfilling the vision of a self-healing cloud. We have unfettered curiosity and drive to help build “best in the world” support experiences that customers will love! We are inventing and designing tech that will directly impact every customer across all AWS services. Our industry-leading technology cuts across a wide range of ML techniques from Natural Language Understanding to Deep Learning. Our team packs a punch with principal level engineering, science, product, and leadership talent. We combine the culture of a startup, the innovation and creativity of an R&D Lab, the work-life balance of a mature organization, and technical challenges at the scale of AWS. We offer a playground of opportunities for builders to build, have fun, and make history!
 



Experience working with both Software Development Engineers and Machine Learning Scientists or Applied Scientists
 Track record of delivering large scale software systems on time.
 Strong problem solving skills: Experience using problem solving and analytical skills to solve business problems and drive process improvements
 Have been successful working across organizational boundaries, bringing together people with diverse perspectives and experience to find solutions.
 Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills

 The base pay range for this position in Colorado is $184877 - $250,128/yr; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 


This position is open to fully-remote candidates who can work from anywhere in the United States and Canada. Candidates also have the option to work from one of our office locations in Chicago or Toronto.


Who we are: Founded in 2001, Vivid Seats (NASDAQ: SEAT) is a leading online ticket marketplace committed to becoming the ultimate partner for connecting fans to the live events, artists, and teams they love. We believe in the power of experiences and are fiercely dedicated to building products that inspire human connections. Named as one of Built In Chicago’s top 10 places to work in 2021, we believe that our People are our greatest competitive advantage. To support our People, we have built a company culture that empowers our employees to embrace challenges, encourages unity through collaboration, and seeks to constantly evolve by leveraging data and inspiring innovation.
  

The Opportunity: 
 As a 
  Senior Engineer you’ll make highly visible enhancements to our platform by maintaining and building new features across our Core Java applications. Our teams work with a variety of applications that enable our ability to sell tickets, manage inventory, support our internal users, and provide a great customer experience from the website to the box office.
  

How your role contributes to the success of Vivid Seats:


 Help set the direction of the design and development of the backend systems powering our B2C Marketplace.
 Develop innovative solutions that give Vivid Seats a competitive advantage, mentor engineers, encourage team members, and champion technology improvements for your delivery team.
 Work cross functionally in Agile development teams that deploy to AWS production environments on demand, multiple times a day.
 Tackle some of the most difficult challenges scaling an e-commerce marketplace by developing creative algorithms and features that maximize value and efficiency across the organization.
 Partner with a team of Product Owners, Quality Engineers, and Engineers to deliver exceptional software, showcasing your work at the end each work cycle.
 Implement your expertise for best practices in design patterns, code quality, testing, and innovation to keep our commitment of always putting our customers first.

 How your role expectations will progress as a Senior Engineer in the first 30, 90, and 180 days:


30 days in


 Complete new hire orientation, gaining the resources you need to be successful
 Learn how ticket marketplaces operate and how you’ll contribute to providing great experiences for our customers
 Acclimate to team and company norms, business objectives, and Vivid Seats values
 Develop basic understanding of applications, tech stack, and development process.

 90 days in


 Enhance our approaches, methods, or technologies to mitigate risks and improve efficiencies
 Build, maintain, and leverage internal and external relationships to achieve progress and advance objectives
 Apply technical learnings that align with the product roadmap to overall department and organizational goals that drive company initiatives forward.
 Contribute to team planning, estimations and software design sessions.

 180 days in


 Design and implement process improvements that positively impacts the team
 Mentor others, playing an active role in elevating the skill sets of those you work with
 Guide the team's work so that it fits into the larger team and engineering group objectives.
 Produce and deliver clean, correct code that drives team and company tech goals forward.
 Improve efficiency in core systems and applications managed by the team and contribute to engineering group objectives.

 What You’ll Bring:


 A proven career developing Web based, Distributed and Multi-Tier architecture using Java/J2EE or other major platforms (Python, Scala, Clojure, etc.)
 Experience designing, building and testing web services and APIs.
 Strong knowledge of Spring, REST, Service Oriented Architecture, OAuth, Basic Authentication and PCI.
 Ability to translate complex technical concepts into high-level designs and act as a subject matter expert in software design, architecture, implementation, deployment and support across our full platform.
 Proficient in SQL and relational database modeling.
 Familiarity with modern front-end technologies such as JavaScript and Single Page Application Frameworks and their interactions with APIs.

 Our Commitment:

 We are an equal opportunity employer that values the critical importance of a diverse workforce and sense of belonging. Many of our roles have flexible requirements and we encourage you to apply regardless of whether you meet every qualification. 
  
 Vivid Seats provides competitive compensation; bonus incentives and equity for all employees; FLEX PTO; mental health days; medical, dental, and vision insurance; 401K matching; monthly credits and discounts for attending live events; remote work and snack allowances; and a variety of additional workplace perks.
 

Hello Everyone,
Greetings from Precision Technologies.
||We are Hiring|| ***Candidates with career gap may also apply***
Role : Python Developer
Type : Contract W2
Experience : 4+ years
Location : United states (Remote)
Interested or want to know please feel free to reach me at (+1) 732-419-8483 or Email : krishna(at)precisiontechcorp(dot)com.
Know anyone looking for the same roles, Please share this post and help me connect.
Thanks & Regards,
Krishna,
Precision Technologies Corp.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $32.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Position:  Software engineer (Tester)
Location: Remote
Employment type:  C2C
Duration:  6 months.
Responsibilities: 
1. Software engineer in test – vagrant, karate test framework and API testing in Kubernetes cluster
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $55.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Kubernetes: 5 years (Preferred)
vagrant: 3 years (Preferred)
vagrant, karate test framework and API: 4 years (Preferred)
karate: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Panum Group, LLC., is seeking a Cloud Architect to support an existing contract. This person should have strong knowledge, skills and experience working in Cloud Environments.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor’s of Science degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Computer Security, Information Systems, or related field, OR comparable level of professional experience
Experience with open source technologies and environments
Automation and scripting experience
Hands-on experience with Linux, AWS, and network fundamentals
Hands-on experience with CLI
Splunk deployment, configuration, and administration. Experience with Nessus
Worked with AWS, understands VPC, Security Groups, EC2, S3 (or equivalent cloud)
 Panum Group, LLC Established in 1997, Panum Group provides unique expertise and innovative solutions that address federal customers’ greatest business and mission challenges. A culture of excellence through innovation and problem-solving has resulted in 100 percent growth in employees and revenue over the last three years. Panum provides program & project management, acquisition & contract management, business & strategy consulting and next generation information and communications technology services for more than 20 federal agencies. For more information, please visit www.panum.com.

About Us
 Prokeep is a software company that has developed a messaging platform for the $100+ billion wholesale distribution market (i.e. plumbing, electrical, HVAC, etc.). Our team is agile, nimble, and dedicated to making our customers' lives easier with simple-to-use technology. We envision a world where distributors using our tools are more efficient and able to build better relationships with their customers. We are post product, post revenue and growing fast in the US and Canada.
 Your Mission
 We are looking for an engineer who is excited to make significant contributions to our API and other backend systems. You will be primarily focused on systems and cloud engineering, but we are a small and highly collaborative team, so from time to time you may also take a diversion into improving our deployment process, working on our internal administration app, or prototyping new features. You don’t have to be an expert with all the tools in our stack, but an interest in working on projects at all levels of the stack will be helpful as we expand the breadth of our platform. You should have strong opinions about tools and architecture, but should also be able to articulate those opinions persuasively, not abrasively. You should also take pride in writing performant, logically structured, and readable code, but be pragmatic enough to realize that sometimes shipped code is better than perfect code.
 Qualifications

5+ years experience working as a backend developer.
 Experience with Elixir/Erlang required.
 Distributed Elixir is a big plus.
 Familiarity with devops and CI/CD (ideally, GitLab CI).
 GraphQL APIs a big plus.
 Ability to write performant SQL queries and tune as needed.
 Experience writing automated tests and following coding standards.
 Willingness to perform code reviews and refactor existing code.
 Experience working remotely in a geographically distributed team.
 Desire to collaborate with other developers and ability to communicate over various channels (email, phone, Slack, Google Hangouts, etc.)

Working Relationship & Compensation
 This is a full-time salaried position and is permanently remote. Prokeep offers outstanding health, vision, and dental benefits, life insurance, unlimited PTO, and equity in our fast growing company.


A DevOps Engineer works with developers and the IT staff to oversee the code releases, combining an understanding of both engineering and coding. From creating and implementing systems software to analyzing data to improve existing ones, a DevOps Engineer increases productivity in the workplace.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $84,362.00 - $169,369.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Software Development Operations Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Staff Software Engineer - API (Remote - US)


 Do you want to be part of the team enabling software development teams everywhere to do their best work, with the world’s most elegant, secure, reliable, and powerful developer platform?
 The API team plays a crucial role in GitHub’s ecosystem. The GitHub ecosystem is the heart of GitHub and enables developers and communities to grow and thrive on our platform.
 GitHub’s public APIs serve over 3.5 billion API requests per day, and the team’s objective is to ensure that GitHub continues to provide industry-leading APIs at global scale. The team is also focused on ensuring other engineering teams at GitHub have the tools and processes necessary to build on top of our platform with as little friction as possible.
 GitHub is changing the way the world builds software and we want you to help lead this effort. As a Staff Software Engineer, you will work closely with a distributed, diverse, and passionate team of engineers and product managers to improve and maintain the APIs that millions of developers depend on in their software development cycle.
 The API team is a fully remote team. We expect you to have the ability to communicate complex technical concepts, and be able to create working relationships with coworkers in locations around the globe.
 We are looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers - people who care about culture as well as customers and features. We believe that how we do things is as important as what we do. Big vision, a common purpose, passion for quality, curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are what lead to great results. Great platforms reflect the teams that build them.
 Responsibilities:

Lead technical decision making and architecture
Architect and implement highly available distributed systems
Mentor other engineers in their technical and architectural decision making
Document the systems you help architect, build, and maintain
Maintain and improve APIs used internally at GitHub and externally by developers
Write, review, and maintain code primary in Rails and Go
Coordinate with Product, Design, Support, and other Engineering teams to maintain a backlog of priorities
Improve the scalability and performance of our platform

Minimum Qualifications:

10+ years building web applications
4+ years building large, high traffic web applications at scale
Experience with web applications in Ruby
Passionate about fostering good engineering practices and processes
Solid knowledge of testing principles
Experience with relational databases
Experience with API design
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience maintaining a public API over multiple years
Experience building or maintaining planetary scale engineering systems
Experience working with a remote, distributed team
Experience using GraphQL in production environments
Ability to evaluate the trade-offs for building highly available distributed systems

Who We Are:
 GitHub is the developer company. Over 40 million people use GitHub to build amazing things together across 100 million repositories. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.
 Our Principles:

Customer Obsessed
Trust by Default
Ship to Learn
Own the Outcome
Growth Mindset
Global Product, Global Team
Anything is Possible
Practice Kindness

Why You Should Join:
 At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where over half of our Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The other half of our Hubbers work remotely in 18 countries across the globe.
 We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, and we think you will too.
 GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!

Please note that benefits vary by country, if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Recruiter!


Note that this application is for GitHub Engineering and you may have the opportunity to be considered for multiple teams.

 Ability to meet GitHub, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft, GitHub’s parent company, Cloud Screen upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
 #LI
 (Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $62,000 to maximum $240,500 + bonus + equity + benefits.

Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085 (8-5-20) of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired in Colorado.




Who We Are:
 GitHub is the developer company. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, and to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.
 Leadership Principles:
 Customer Obsessed - Trust by Default - Ship to Learn - Own the Outcome - Growth Mindset - Global Product, Global Team - Anything is Possible - Practice Kindness
 Why You Should Join:
 At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where many Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The rest of our Hubbers work remotely around the globe. Check out an updated list of where we can hire here: https://github.com/about/careers/remote
 We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.
 GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!
 Please note that benefits vary by country. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner.
 #LI-POST


Piper Companies is currently seeking a Java Software Engineers for REMOTE opportunities with a variety of fast-growing organizations on the east coast. The Java Software Engineers will participate in new feature development and contribute to an ongoing project to upgrade the existing architecture and design of enterprise software platforms. U.S Citizenship is required due to working with government contracts.
Responsibilities of the Java Software Engineer:
Work on new feature development, contribute towards architecture/design and assist with maintenance of existing software
Follow current software development best practices in an agile development environment
Provide ETL support, working knowledge is a plus but not necessary.
Work with Java Content Management Systems

Qualifications of the Java Software Engineer:
4-8 years of experience in a software engineer role, using Java
Experience working with PostgreSQL
Requires experience with back-end technologies such as Java or Spring/Spring Boot.
Requires expertise with front-end technologies such as JS, Angular, Bootstrap
Familiarity with containerization such as Docker or Kubernetes

Compensation for the Java Software Engineer:
Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K
 You walk into the old, dimly lit diner after a long day of job searching. You hear a small group of people in a corner throwing out words and phrases such as "mid range dev", "PHP", and "MySQL" which catches your attention. You happen to catch a glance from one of the older looking of the group and he motions you to come over. Unsure on why you were singled out, you hesitantly make your way to the table. It takes you a minute, but as you stand near the group you begin to understand better what they're talking about. 
 
 "We just need someone that knows how to put their head down and throw down some decent code," a taller male with short hair says. Someone mentioned his name was Ty earlier; you mentally note that and continue to listen, "We have too much to program and not enough programmers." 
 
 "Well he can't be a junior dev cause we're looking for someone with decent PHP experience. We need someone to hit the ground running. They don't necessarily need to be familiar with a particular PHP framework, but I guess it wouldn't hurt if they did. Oh, and they'll definitely have to know how to work with MySQL too!" a lady says as she sips on her Italian soda. "There's a lot of programmers out there and they've only worked on dinky little projects and they have no idea how to work with something substantial." 
 
 "Most of 'em don't even know what an index is in a database!" Ty blurted out and laughed to himself. "They think that because they know some HTML, CSS, and jQuery that they can build anything on their own, and then it buckles under the pressure when load and scale are thrown at it," as he slams his hand down on the table. 
 
 Charlotte, the waitress, passes behind you writing something down on a small pad. You say hi and she smiles and asks, "The usual for you?" 
 
 "Yeah, sounds good right now," you smile and then turn your head back towards the conversation. 
 
 "Do they have to have a CS degree or do you think experience we'll be enough?" the lady you've figured out is Rachel asks the group. 
 
 "Ehh, it'll depend on how the interview goes. A degree is cool but you could still be a bonehead at understanding coding concepts and waste a lot of our time. The last guy we hired burned us pretty good pulling that degree card," Ty replied and continued, "I bet if we hired a senior dev they'd just be bossing us around and telling us everything we're doing is wrong! A senior will just slow us down." 
 
 You notice the older one who motioned you over has been silent for most of the conversation. His fingers are interlocked in front of his face and he is quietly moving his head from one speaker to the next. 
 
 "We have a decent benefits package to offer whoever we hire. Medical, dental, vision, a decent amount of PTO and even a little benefits stipend to split up between wherever. We pay our programmers well," Rachel says to no one in particular. After a moment she looks at another lady and discreetly comments, "Well a senior dev could work as long as they weren't so full of themselves and realized the world revolves around the sun and not them." The other lady quietly laughed while Ty was distracted giving his order to the waitress. 
 
 "Are you ok if they work remote?" Ty asks another lady. 
 
 "Well, I guess it might be ok eventually once we know they're pretty decent," the lady replies back. 
 
 It conversation lulls for a moment and you feel a swell of courage rise up from inside you. This is the perfect opportunity you've literally been searching for for weeks. You feel the words coming together inside your head and right before they come out, Ty notices you and turns to the older guy that originally motioned you over. 
 
 "Why'd you bring them over Ron?" he subtly chides Ron while pointing at you. "You think some random person walking into this place is who we're looking for?" 
 
 Ron slowly brings his head up and adjusts his body in the chair to better face you. He kindly smiles and asks you, "What do you think?" You wanna apply and see what happens?"


Piper Enterprise Solutions is searching for a Software Quality Assurance Engineer for a pharmaceutical services company. This is a 100% Remote position working EST hours.

 Responsibilities for QA Engineer: 

 Work on validation projects with strict FDA regulations and guidelines
 Manual testing of systems and applications, with some automation scripting


 Qualifications for QA Engineer: 

 2-3 years of manual QA testing (in a healthcare/pharma environment preferred)
 Experience in various testing: integration, regression, end to end, user acceptance, etc.
 Basic SQL experience, and ability to query data
 Java coding experience for test execution 
 Hands-on experience with Postman and Selenium (or similar tool)
 Strong written and verbal communication skills
 Bachelor’s degree in a related science field


 Compensation/Benefits for QA Engineer:

 100% Remote
 $40-$50/hr, W2 Contract (contract-to-hire potential)
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k


 Keywords: qa manual, qa tester, clinical, API, validation, qa validation, selenium, qa testing, sql, sql query, regression, manual qa, smoke, stress, test, testing, specialty, cfr, 21 cfr part 11, regulated, integration, end to end testing, functional testing, user acceptance testing, gamp, gmp, biotech, manufacturing, apigee, boomi, mysql, data warehousing, data analytics, etl, medical, api testing, Postman, cucumber, cross browser, acceptance, quality standards, data analyzation, beta, exploratory, negative testing, usability, defects, qa methodology, requirement gathering, test scenarios, defect reporting, defect retesting, closure, feedback, recommendations, update testing, benefits, 401k



  Remote Front End Unity Engineer 
  
Job Title: Remote Front End Unity Engineer
   
Location: REMOTE
   
Salary:$70,000 - $90,000, Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits, Discretionary Bonus
   
Requirements: Unity, C#, Gameplay Engineer
   
 We are a small, private company that is destined to go public within the next 5 years. Our app is mostly built but we need to get to the final stretch! This is an opportunity to work with a small, private company that has a 
   strong family investor - Cary Katz! We are a humble, energetic team - some of us come from 
   Zynga and have strong knowledge of what it takes to get to the next level. We are currently on 
   Scopley and 
   Jam Citys radars! 
   
 Due to increased business, we need to hire another 
   Remote Front End Unity Developer to join our team! We provide a competitive base salary, benefits, and discretionary bonus to keep our team happy.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Working with web and pc gameplay for fun poker reality games
Be responsible for engineering game systems features, enhancements, optimization, and taxonomy in a data live operations environment
Adaptive UI
3rd Party Software Integration

 What You Need for this Position

Unity
Game Development
Mobile Application
Desktop Application
C#
 - Poker Industry - Plus
   What's In It for You

Competitive Salary DOE
Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits
Discretionary Bonuses
Work in beautiful Howard Hughes Parkway!


    So, if you are a Remote Front End Unity Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Wendy Warner
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
NTT DATA is a team of more than 139,000 diverse professionals, operating in more than 50 countries throughout the world. The sectors where we have activities include: telecommunications, finance, industry, utilities, energy, public administration and health.

Our mission? Offer technological solutions, business, strategy, development and maintenance of applications, while being a benchmark in consulting. All thanks to the collaboration between teams, the human quality of our people and the fact that we do not conform to what is established, we always seek innovation that brings us closer to the future.

Our essence has led us to the forefront of technology, breaking paradigms and providing solutions that truly respond to the needs of each client. Our talent has led us to be one of the top 6 technology companies in the world.

Because #Greattech, needs #GreatPeople, like you.

NTT Data is looking for high-achieving team players that are quickly adaptable to new challenges and entrepreneurial ventures. We are looking for a Software Engineer to work with our client in Dallas, TX, or remotely.
Project Duration: 6 months with opportunity for extension

Payment: Competitive Hourly Rate

Responsibilities:

Designs, modifies, develops, writes, and implements software programming applications.
Supports and/or installs software applications/operating systems.
Participates in the testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.

Requirements:

2 - 5 years of experience preferred
Knowledge of Cisco FirePOWER
Networking background
Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices, and procedures
Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals
Performs a variety of complicated tasks
A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected
Ability to work alone and be proactive with a go-getter attitude

Why NTT Data?

Empowerment and rewards are the cornerstone of our career development model. We are a young, fast-growing company, with a highly innovative and entrepreneurial spirit, because of this professional experience and growth will be unmatched. Our talent and positive attitude allow us to transform our goals into achievements, and projects into realities.

NTT Data is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action-Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. NTT Data is an Equal Opportunity Employer Male/Female/Disabled/Veteran and a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.Jamf, the standard for Apple in the enterprise, extends the legendary Apple experience people enjoy in their personal lives to the workplace. Jamf's cloud software is the only solution of scale that automates Mac, iPad, iPhone and Apple TV deployment, management and security. We help organizations, businesses, hospitals, schools and government agencies, connect, manage and protect Apple products without ever having to touch the device— anytime, anywhere.


We are a group of curious, self-starters with a passion for helping people make sense of technology – freeing nurses to care, teachers to teach and businesses to thrive. We take pride in making meaningful impact for tens of thousands of customers around the globe. We have over 2,000 employees worldwide with offices in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and Australia. To learn more visit: https://www.jamf.com/careers.


Remote work allowed for this role. Jamf operates as a choice-based office model. Choose an assigned desk, a shared desk, or work anywhere you work best. Jamf thrives where you do.
What You'll do at Jamf:
The Software Engineer in Test I at Jamf will participate in agile delivery events providing tests and the framework to assist in delivering software with high quality and reliability to our customers.They'll work closely with the agile team to learn the appropriate designs and practices to build our product.

The Software Enginer in Test I dive in and develop skills to deepen their knowledge around the area of the product.

They'll collaborate with experienced engineers, product management and leadership to understand the priorities and how those help solve problems. Over time they'll become a subject matter expert in various Jamf components and product offerings.


Responsibilities:

Build and maintain the framework that supports further automation of test.
Develop and execute test case scenarios for new or evolving features across web and OS X applications.
Assists development team to build and support the automation of unit, functional, integration and systems testing.
Independently completes a majority of identified tasks from start to finish with high quality and collaborates with more experienced engineers when needed.
Efficiently uses available tools with minimal guidance.
Solid understanding of best practices related to testing and quality.
Asks the right questions, solve problems and help build great software.
Partners with team to understand and communicate technical concepts with others in the organization (Technical Communication, Support, Product, and Cloud).
Performs well-defined tasks with increasing independence and seeks guidance when needed from more experienced engineers.


Skills & Experience:

Minimum of 1 year of experience testing enterprise grade software with understanding of quality assurance processes. (Required)
Working knowledge of, or fluency in Java (Required)
Strong Communication Skills
Proven Analytical Skills
Ability to interact effectively with co-workers in a results driven culture
Ability to to adapt to changing priorities effectively
Good Listening Skills
Ability to engage with and establish trust and rapport with all levels of the organization
Solution focused ability working collaboratively in a fast paced environment


Education & Certifications:

2 year/ Associates (Required)
4 year / Bachelor's Degree (Preferred)
A combination of relevant experience and education may be considered


How we help you reach your best potential:

Recently named a Best Workplace in Technology, Fortune Magazine 2021.
We value the differences in the ways we all live and work. Here, you manage your own day and your own work style.
Great people make Jamf great, and we protect our people. Jamfs across the globe receive a superior compensation and benefits package.
We know that big ideas can come from anyone, so we empower everyone to make an impact. Our more than 90% employee retention rate agrees!
You will have the opportunity to make a real and meaningful impact for more than 50,000 global customers with the best Apple device management solution in the world.
We put people over profits – which is why our customers keep coming back to us.
Our volunteer time off allows employees to support and give back to our communities.
We encourage you to simply be you. We constantly seek and value different perspectives to ensure Jamf is a place where everyone feels comfortable and can be successful.
23 of 25 world's most valuable brands rely on Jamf to do their best work (as ranked by Forbes).
Over 100,000 Jamf Nation users, the largest online IT community in the world.
You are the right kind of Jamf if:
You go above and beyond for others, you are genuine and willing to help, always. You support the team around you, you don't point fingers or pass blame. You value different perspectives, in how you work and how you learn. You are naturally inquisitive, like to create and be creative. You are a problem solver, curious and resourceful, self-driven and constantly improving. You roll up your sleeves and dig in. You are excited by not knowing what may lie ahead. You are willing to take risks, try new things, even fail just to do it better next time. You're not a jerk. You are someone who just wants to do the right thing.


Why Jamf?

Let your individuality shine at Jamf! All voices are critical to the innovative and collaborative work that we do to propel Jamf to be a leader of equality and fairness in the workplace. In the spirit of our values of selflessness and relentless self-improvement, we seek to learn, engage and grow, so that all of our Jamfs feel comfortable being their truest selves at work. Our Employee Resource Groups help empower employees to make real, actionable differences at Jamf. We are actively working every day to get better; our commitment on becoming a more inclusive and diverse work force is never done.


Get social with us: Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook or follow the conversation at #OneJamf

#LI-REMOTE
Software Engineer – New York, NY, 10010 or remote
Humanizing Digital Experiences®
Kasisto, a NYC-based FinTech startup, is on a mission to enable companies to engage and transact with their customers through intelligent conversations, anytime, anyplace.
KAI, our conversational AI platform, powers smart bots and virtual assistants across messaging, mobile, web and wearables. KAI was built from the ground up with the deepest AI portfolio in the industry; based on decades of research in speech recognition, natural processing, AI reasoning and natural language generation. The agile modern platform saves enterprises time and money with easy customization, simple APIs, modern SDKs, deep learning, security & compliance and fast deployment.
Some of the world’s most innovative banks are creating entirely new experiences to fulfill requests, solve problems and predict needs for their customers with KAI-powered bots and assistants!
This position
As a Software Engineer for Kasisto’s AI platform, you will be responsible for designing and developing robust and scalable solutions for the enterprise. Working on a cutting-edge technology platform, this position will require a high degree of thought and creativity.
What you will be doing

Writing high quality and maintainable code
Developing well-designed APIs that connect our core conversational AI technology with our applications and tools.
Building robust and scalable infrastructure for managing large and complex datasets
Interfacing with senior management and other stakeholders to define software requirements and contribute to operational and technical projects in a fast-paced startup environment
Working closely with Product and Engineering partners to contribute to the technical design and ownership of projects with major company impact
Developing applications end-to-end, working with a wide range of systems, processes and technologies that solve problems and delight users

What you need in this position

2+ years Software Engineering experience
Experience with Java and Python
Experience with Microservices and RESTful API’s
Experience building scalable, reliable distributed systems
Strong ability for teamwork and motivation for collaborations and good communication and organizational skills
Experience applying good software design and testing
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or similar degree
Nice to Have: Experience with AWS

Location – New York City, Flatiron District- or remote
We welcome your cover letter with a description of your previous complete experience and your resume. Applicants must be authorized to work in the US as we are unable to sponsor. Kasisto is an equal opportunity employer.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

2 Cloud media roles with the required skills: 

C/C++ real-time multi-threaded SW development
Audio/Video Streaming Media processing and delivery and multi-media frameworks
Connectivity Protocols (e.g. RTP/RTCP, SIP, H.323)
Cloud Services System Integration (e.g. AWS Kubernetes containers or similar experience)

1 Client media role with the required skills: 

C/C++ real-time multi-threaded SW development
Audio/Video Streaming Media processing and delivery and multi-media frameworks
Connectivity Protocols (e.g. RTP/RTCP, SIP, H.323)
Client Device System Integration

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $68,528.00 - $183,727.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:YES
Experience:

C++: 7 years (Preferred)
multimedia: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 8219816065

Looking for Full time Associates - CPT / OPT is fine
- Bachelors or Masters degree
- 4+ years of experience in Java or Python. Scripting knowledge.
- Issue triaging skills.
- Operations experience is mandatory
- Retail experience is plus
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $80,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
On call

Experience:

Customer service: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Dynamic’s client is seeking a Backend Software Engineer (Java/C) for a permanent position that’s 100% remote. The candidate will be part of a collaborative, distributed team consisting of Software Engineers and QA Engineers in an Agile environment.
NOTE: Candidates must reside in the U.S. and be authorized to work in the U.S. without visa sponsorship.
Qualifications:
· Around 4+ years of software engineering experience
· Java
· C preferred
· Apache
· MySQL
· RESTful API’s
· AWS
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What is your desired salary?

Work Location: Remote

Job Title : Software Engineer- Contract- Job # 3716Location: RemoteJob Description: We are working with a fast growing quantitative investment firm focused on digital assets to find a talented software engineer to join their team. The client applies a data and software driven approach to investment management utilizing probabilistic models and automated trade execution algorithms. The selected candidate will support Senior Data and Software Engineers to continue building their research and trading infrastructure.Responsibilities: 

Work with the engineering team and Chief Investment Officers to design, develop, and deploy sophisticated quantitative trading strategies.
Continue development of high-performance systems that make sub-millisecond trading decisions with almost zero downtime
Help to develop and maintain internal data consulting and training systems
Collaborate effectively with team members
Engage in trainings related to Machine Learning, Time Series Analysis, and Quantitative Analysis

Required: 

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related
2+ years Software Engineering Experience
High level proficiency with Python and JavaScript
Proven experience with React
Experience with Git Version Control, branching and rebasing
Strong interpersonal collaboration skills
Strong interpersonal communication skills

About Delphi-USDelphi-US is a national recruiting firm based in Newport, Rhode Island. We specialize in IT, Engineering and Professional Staffing services for organizations from Main Street to Wall Street. Our mission is simple: To connect great people to great companies. We accomplish this with a proprietary skill-based and cultural matching process that results in higher qualified submissions along with increased interviews and offer rates. You’ll find our team is friendly, professional and ready to advocate on your behalf, armed with industry trends, and a dedication to client expectations.
Job Type: Contract



4+ years of professional software development experience
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one software programming language
 2+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team
 Experience in working with Linux/Unix environments
 Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment and as part of a cross-functional team
 2+ years of industry experience in core product development, building production quality software
 A bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science (or equivalent experience in industry)




  Job summary
   At Amazon Web Services, we run one of the largest networks in the world. We are taking all the industry trends and blending them into the critical foundation of utility computing: the network. Our goal is to become the infrastructure platform for the world and our team will make the bones of the platform “the network”, work flawlessly. Not only supporting Amazon.com at the global level, but amazing global companies.
  
 Amazon Network Security is looking for software engineers to build a platform to manage thousands of network devices; providing significantly improved control, visibility and predictability for Amazon’s global network. Our goal is to eliminate human intervention and errors from network engineering, network build and device management by building tools and systems to successfully manage thousands of heterogeneous devices in dozens of data centers across the world.
  
 You are interested in being part of a high-bar team with global responsibility across all of Amazon’s businesses. You are interested in solving difficult software problems at massive scale. You want to talk to customers directly and design solutions that solve their problems through innovation and automation. You understand how to build software in a continuous integration and continuous deployment environment. You are interested in working autonomously and owning your own code from requirements to launch and for supporting it in the field. You enjoy solving challenging problems and working in a fast-paced, flexible, collaborative team environment.
  
 Responsibilities
  

 Design and build innovative software
 Shape the automation future in network security
 Deliver engineering solutions for new systems across organizational boundaries
 Research and recommend optimizations of new and existing software architectures
 Work closely with network and security engineers on new and existing products
 Automate network operations tasks through creation and maintenance of tools
 Identify and troubleshoot systemic platform issues or defects
 Create documentation for operational procedures and user education
 Mentor junior staff and participate in interviewing





Experience with Python or Java
 Experience with SOA design principles including service orchestration and RESTful Interface definitions
 Ability to mentor junior software developers in best practices and data driven approaches
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

ABOUT THE ROLEWe’re looking for a Junior Software Development Engineer who is dynamic and ready to work on the development of business applications at a professional level, all while gaining expertise in software value engineering, and selling.
OUR TEAM MISSIONAt Genesys, the Value Consulting team is responsible for producing content and tools that help communicate the value of our software platform and offers. Our mission is simple: enable all functions at Genesys with the ability to quantify, communicate and engage around value with prospects and customers.
WHAT IS AHEADCurrently in the process to re-engineer a subset of our tools that support marketing, sales, and customer success teams, we are looking for a professional with basic experience in software design, coding, and debugging. The junior developer will join our team in the early stages of the process, representing an opportunity to gain exciting real-world software engineering experience at a thriving company.
YOUR FUTURE DAY-TO-DAY RESPONSIBILITIES
· Work closely with our Value Consulting, Marketing Operations and IT teams to identify and analyze key requirements for value consulting business applications
· Help define cycles in support of releasing these business applications to multiple user bases.
· Collaborate in the development of UI/UX standards
· Collaborate in the design of data models
· Collaborate in the design of application architectures, including their integration to other platforms at Genesys and consumption of APIs
· Participate in software development and maintenance activities
· Help develop and execute testing procedures in support of guaranteeing the quality of applications
· Understanding of Agile software development methods
YOU CAN CHECK OFF THESE REQUIREMENTS BOXES 

Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematics major
Excellent analytical skills and ability to work in teams
Experience with React, Javascript and SQL databases
Experience with Agile software development method
Experience with REST APIs (consuming/publishing)
Experience with modular application architecture concepts

BENFITS 

Practical experience with a wide variety of software engineering tasks
Collaborating hand-in-hand with teams working on the design, development, and testing of business applications
Flexible schedule for students
No travel requirements
Competitive compensation

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $21.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

development of UI/UX standards: 1 year (Preferred)
consumption of APIs: 1 year (Preferred)
React, Javascript and SQL databases: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Job Title:  Email Developer, Contract
Location: This is a remote position.
Job Status: This is a part-time contract position that is expected to last 18-24 months.
Pay: $2,000-3,500 paid monthly
Requirements:
· Minimum of 2 years of html coding experience; or equivalent combination of appropriate education and experience in html and email design and development. Experience designing images using Photoshop preferred. Experience creating unique email experiences preferred.
· Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills.
Job Details:
· Responsible for designing and editing images. Experience with GIFs a plus, but not required.
· Responsible for deciding what template would be best for each email experience and using information accordingly.
· Code responsive emails in html files, experience with Act-on a plus but not required.
· Ability to maintain multiple simultaneous projects at once preferred.
· Knowledge of current email trends, limitations, requirements standards and laws required.
· Perform other duties as assigned.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $2,000.00 - $3,500.00 per month
Experience:

Email Development: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Company Description

Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that's transforming the way people work together, from the smallest business to the largest enterprise. With more than 500 million registered users across more than 180 countries, our mission is to design a more enlightened way of working. From our headquarters in San Francisco to eight dedicated Studios and a worldwide team of employees who choose where they work best, our Virtual First approach is leading the way into the future of work.

Team Description

Our Engineering team is working to simplify the way people work together. They’re building a family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people around the world. With our broad mission and massive scale, there are countless opportunities to make an impact.

Role Description
Our strategy starts with our mission: how do we build the right set of products that can help our customers work in a more enlightened way? If the first big problem Dropbox solved was getting your files in the cloud, the new problem we’re solving is helping you organize your life.
As we’re evolving the core business from syncing and sharing files, we are looking for Software Engineers to come build the next generation of new products for collaboration and distributed work. Product Engineers thrive working across technologies and codebases, but are also involved in various product development cycle stages. Along the way they help representing users needs through close partnership with product, design, and user research.
In this role you will deliver best-in-breed software by building robust systems that power optimized user experiences on marquee projects like Dropbox Paper , Transfer , or Family . As a Product Engineer, you will use data-driven approaches to conduct experiments or iterate features, while ensuring that the software we write will last and scale.
Responsibilities

You will design and build software capable of reaching millions of daily users
You will partner with product managers, designers and analysts to deeply understand the needs of our users and build a product that serves those needs
You will develop and execute against both short and long-term roadmaps, making effective tradeoffs between business impact, user experience, and a high-quality technical foundation
You will improve the team and company – you will be an active participant in our culture (mentorship, interviewing, and new initiatives)
You will support your fellow engineers through feedback, code reviews, and advancement of internal tools and processes
Requirements

BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent technical experience
2+ years of software engineering and/or work related industry experience
Previous success developing and shipping a large-scale web application with a user-empathetic mindset
Skilled at building user-facing applications and supporting systems and libraries on web and/or desktop using front-end technologies such as JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Angular, HTML5, CSS3
You can handle full-stack projects and are able to build a minimum working product quickly

Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland).

Benefits and Perks

Generous company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage

401k + company match

Market competitive total compensation package

Free Dropbox space for your friends and family

Wellness Reimbursement

Generous vacation policy

11 company paid holidays

Volunteer time off

Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)

At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. 

Job Description 
This position will be responsible for the analysis, design, testing, development and maintenance of best in class software experiences. The candidate is a self-motivated individual who can collaborate with a team and across the organization. The candidate takes responsibility of the software artifacts produced adhering to U.S. Bank standards in order to ensure minimal impact to the customer experience. The candidate will be adept with the agile software development lifecycle and DevOps principles. 

#LI-REMOTE 


Essential Responsibilities: 


Responsible for designing, developing, testing, operating and maintaining products. 
Takes full stack ownership by consistently writing production-ready and testable code. 
Consistently creates optimal design adhering to architectural best practices; considers scalability, reliability and performance of systems/contexts affected when defining technical designs. 
Makes sound design/coding decisions keeping customer experience in the forefront. 
Takes feedback from code review and apply changes to meet standards. Conducts code reviews to provide guidance on engineering best practices and compliance with development procedures. 
Accountable for ensuring all aspects of product development follow compliance and security best practices. 
Exhibits relentless focus in software reliability engineering standards embedded into development standards. 
Embraces emerging technology opportunities and contributes to the best practices in support of the bank's technology transformation. 
Contributes to a culture of innovation, collaboration and continuous improvement. 
Reviews tasks critically and ensures they are appropriately prioritized and sized for incremental delivery. Anticipates and communicates blockers and delays before they require escalation. 



Basic Qualifications 

Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience 
Three to five years of relevant experience 


Preferred Skills/Experience 

Must have 3 years of experience in . Net . 
Basic experience with the public cloud preferably Azure 
Ability to develop in Java Script/ REACT and also experienced with C# development. 
Knowledge in using automation using scripting tools/languages 
Use of DevOps tooling ( Jenkins, source control, etc) 
Implementation of monitoring and logging tools ( App Dynamics, Splunk ) 
Experience operating applications with zero downtime and 100% availability 
Understands and models agile behaviors and concepts 
Experience with many of the following areas: 
Adept with agile software development lifecycle and DevOps principles 
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 


If there’s anything we can do to accommodate a disability during any portion of the application or hiring process, please refer to our disability accommodations for applicants . 

Benefits:  Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family. 

Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting careers.usbank.com . 

EEO is the Law  Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster. 

E-Verify 
U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program . 
Due to legal requirements, U.S. Bank requires that the successful candidate hired for some positions be fully-vaccinated for COVID-19, absent being granted an accommodation due to a medical condition, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious belief or other legally required exemption. For these positions, as part of the conditional offer of employment, the successful candidate will be asked to provide proof of vaccination or approval for an accommodation or exemption upon hire.
 


We're looking for an entry-level developer with at least one live personal project using Laravel/PHP. We're going to provide all the training you need to adapt, and no professional experience is required. Bonus points if you have experience with React. Must be able to receive a W2 in the United States.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $20.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Please provide a link where we can see your live project.

Experience:

Laravel: 1 year (Required)
PHP: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   Thank you for considering a career at Ensemble Health Partners!
  


 Decision Making - Makes decisions by gathering, analyzing, and interpreting information; chooses the best course of action by establishing clear decision criteria, generating and evaluating alternatives, and making timely decisions.
 Courage - Proactively confronts difficult issues and effectively participates in challenging conversations; makes hard choices and takes bold action in the face of opposition or fear. Refuses defeat.
 Influencing - Uses effective persuasion techniques to gain acceptance of ideas and commitment to actions that support specific outcomes.
 Coaching & Developing Others - Partners with individuals’ and supports their development of knowledge, skills, and abilities; empowers them to unlock their potential and maximize performance and growth knowing that developing you makes us better.
 Emotional Intelligence - Establishes and sustains trusting relationships by accurately understanding and interpreting one’s own and others’ emotions and adapts behaviors to accomplish intended results.
 Creating an Inclusive Environment - Makes decisions and initiates action to ensure that policies and business practices leverage the capabilities and insights of individuals with diverse backgrounds, cultures, styles, abilities, and motivation.


    #LI-KS1
  

    #LI-Remote
  


    Scheduled Weekly Hours:
   40
  

    Work Shift:
   Days (United States of America)
  

    We’ll also reward your hard work with:
  

 Great health, dental and vision plans
 Prescription drug coverage
 Flexible spending accounts
 Life insurance w/AD&D
 Paid time off
 Tuition reimbursement
 And a lot more



 Ensemble Health Partners provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state and local law. If you require accommodation in the application process, please contact our Human Resources Department at 877-692-7780 or 

Recruitment@ensemblehp.com

. This department will make sure you get connected to a Human Resources representative that can assist you. 




    EEO is the Law
   


    FMLA Rights - English
   



     La FMLA Español
   






    Offchain Labs is building a suite of scaling solutions for Ethereum. This includes Arbitrum, an Optimistic Rollup, that instantly scales apps, reducing costs and increasing capacity, without sacrificing Ethereum's security. Porting contracts to Arbitrum requires no code changes or downloads since it’s compatible with existing Ethereum developer languages and tooling.
   


 Our team is extremely passionate and works tirelessly to bridge the gap between what blockchain is and what blockchain can be. We strive to maintain an atmosphere that fosters innovation and new ideas through collaboration, research, and deep discussions. After raising an initial round of $3.8M in seed funding in January 2019 and a $20M series A, as well as a $100M series B in 2021, we are ready to hire additional team members that have an interest in working in the blockchain space and a knack for approaching problems in unconventional ways.
   



Who you are:

 Possess extensive production experience with Golang Excited to learn and develop blockchain technology (No experience yet? No problem!) Experienced with compiler construction and architecture, and security engineering on large-scale systems is a plus Possess a strong sense of ownership in your work, which drives you to find ways to do things better and faster Always up-to-speed on the latest technologies Constantly on the lookout for new and innovative ways to solve complex problems through rigorous experimentation Your communication style is open, transparent, and direct, and you consistently work in tight collaboration with your teammates Always open to feedback, new ideas, and opportunities for self-improvement You look for ways to help out beyond the scope of your day-to-day work





What you've done:

 Made significant contributions to the products you’ve worked on in your career Have dabbled in, educated yourself on, or are experienced working on blockchain technology Eager to bring cutting-edge research to the real world and help build a platform for the next generation of cryptocurrency applications Experience working with compilers, architecting systems and developing SDKs Security-minded and always keeping an eye out for potential threats and vulnerabilities in your code Mastered CS fundamentals, either in a formal university program or through self-learning





    We understand it takes a diverse team of highly intelligent, passionate, curious, and creative people to solve the challenges involved in developing and improving Arbitrum. Our dynamic team has incredible perspectives to share, just as we know you do, and we take great pride in being an equal opportunity workplace.
   




WHAT IS KIDSTRONG?
 At KidStrong, we help parents build stronger, smarter, more athletic kids. KidStrong is a milestone-accelerator for kids walking through 11 years old. We help parents discover their child’s superpowers and build future-ready kids who are confident in making friends, running the playground, and raising their hand high in the classroom. In other words… helping kids win at life!
  
 Our technology team consists largely of folks with years of gaming industry experience ready to apply their collective experience to making the world better.
  
WHAT'S IN IT FOR YOU?

Use your industry development experience in an environment that strives to improve the lives of our customers while maintaining the work-life balance of our team.
Experience diverse challenges as you work on multiple different applications and platforms.
Be part of a very fast-growing company doing social good.
Collaborate with other experienced developers and mentor promising new talent.
Enjoy a collaborative, supportive environment.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

KidStrong is seeking a Server Engineer to join our growing technology team - this will be a fully remote position!
This person would be intimately familiar with writing HTTP request handlers, have a good understanding of the HTTP protocol (1.1 and ideally 2), and a strong understanding of networking in general.
This person would have a good understanding of algorithmic complexity and backend scalability.
Adapt continually in a rapidly changing environment
Foster and maintain a positive culture and work environment

QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum of 3+ of years of experience as a Server Engineer
Experience using Google Cloud Platform, Azure, AWS, or a similar platform to develop and deploy web services
Experience working with and maintaining databases (such as Firestore, MongoDB, or PostgreSQL)
Experience creating and deploying Docker images

NICE-TO-HAVES:

Experience with Go, Typescript, or Rust (preferably Go)
Experience managing cloud services using tools such as Terraform
Strong knowledge of networking and the HTTP protocol
Experience with gRPC

This franchise is independently owned and operated by a franchisee. Your application will go directly to the franchisee, and all hiring decisions will be made by the management of this franchisee. All inquiries about employment at this franchisee should be made directly to the franchise location, and not to KidStrong Corporate.


Software Developer 
Technology & Business Solutions LLC (tbs-llc.com) is a visionary Enterprise Cloud Hosting and Services provider specializing in secure, interconnected, and flexible solutions for government contractors and project-based businesses. Founded in 2004, TBS has had a 100% virtual and remote workforce since its inception and offers healthcare, vision, dental coverage along with a competitive 401(k) plan with company contributions and paid time off starts at 3 weeks per year. The software team at this fast-growing company has openings available for those who will thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment working with leading-edge technologies and software architecture. A great fit for a motivated, experienced software developer who enjoys working independently but still collaborating as part of a remote team.
TBS is seeking a skilled Software Developer experienced and proficient in jQuery and PL/SQL. Primary focus will be on developing user interface components and backend SQL code for our suite of web-based applications. The developer will be responsible for creating new user-facing features, building reusable code and libraries, and feasibility of the UI/UX designs. Applicants should also have the ability to conceptualize, design and write SQL queries and PL/SQL stored procedures and functions.
Responsibilities: 

Developing new product features and applications within an Agile environment.
Building highly efficient code and libraries using JavaScript and jQuery.
Debugging, testing, and maintaining code.
Collaborating with other team members.
Optimizing components for speed and scalability.
Troubleshooting support issues.
Write/change programming scripts to enhance functionality and/or appearance.

Skills and Qualifications: 

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, MIS, or similar.
A minimum of 2 years experience as a JavaScript developer specializing in jQuery.
Strong experience in web development technologies like HTML, jquery, CSS and JavaScript.
Good understanding of browser rendering behavior.
Ability to write Ajax calls.
Knowledge of RDBMS & strong SQL & PL/SQL programming experience.
Experience in Java development and implementation of Java-based applications is preferred.
Ability to interpret and modify existing application frameworks.
Experience with Node.js is a plus.
Experience with Agile methodologies and CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment).
Excellent problem-solving skills.
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as SVN.
Experience with Angular.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Jr. Front End Developer
Are you a creative professional who is pursuing an education or career in web development? If you’re down to grow in your craft while helping some great companies, we’d love to connect with you!
Who We Are
WISE Digital Partners provides digital marketing strategy and services to businesses prepared for growth. Services we offer locally and nationwide include branding, web design and development, content creation, SEO, paid search, and more. We work hard, have fun, and help businesses thrive. It’s also worth noting that you will be supported by an extremely experienced development team.
What We’re Looking For
We are looking for a motivated and enthusiastic Junior Front End Developer to join our team! As a Junior Front End Developer, you will be responsible for supporting our development team in all aspects of the development, testing, and implementation of client websites.
Skills / Qualifications

Technical web development related skills
General knowledge of effective team communication & workflow
General knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP
General knowledge of WordPress in the context of custom theme and plugin development
Working knowledge of SQL, with the ability to create simple custom queries
Working knowledge of JavaScript based Static Site Generators
Working knowledge of CSS and CSS frameworks (TailWindCSS preferred)
General knowledge of website analytical tracking (Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager)
General knowledge of website deployment workflows (production to staging, staging to production, etc)
Working understanding and ability to use git repositories and version control
Ability to communicate professionally
Ability to set expectations and be reasonably accommodated or otherwise recognize when compromise is required
Excellent time management skills and strict adherence to deadlines
Ability to use core workflow systems (eg. ClickUp, Slack, GSuite, etc..)
Ability to engage other team members without unduly burdening them or otherwise being disruptive or uncooperative

Qualifications:

Self-starter and eagerness to learn
Must be organized, motivated, dependable and detail oriented
Able to work independently and complete assigned tasks within identified time frames
Comfortable receiving feedback

What We Offer YouPartnerships work both ways! Here’s what you’d get in return:

A full briefing on your project with everything you need to succeed
Grow your design skills and work alongside experienced cross functional digital marketing team members
Gain experience in designing for new industries as you add quality work to your portfolio
Prospect of a long-term partnership with regular work coming your way

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40,000.00 - $45,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Front-end development: 1 year (Preferred)
React: 1 year (Preferred)
WordPress: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Hello,
As an UI Software Engineer, you will partner with the Product, Operations, Design, and Editorial teams to bring NBC News Digital content to life. You will be a significant influence on our product roadmap, bringing a technical and strategic perspective. You will work alongside fellow inspired developers in a fast-paced environment using technologies like React.js, Sass etc to help shape the future of digital news. This role will report into the Senior Manager of Engineering, Content Management Systems.
Position: UI Software Engineer
Location: Remote
Job Length: Contract to hire
Position Type: W2
Qualifications:

JavaScript expert with 3+ years recent experience with React.js, node.js, NoSQL
Strong proficiency in CSS/Sass development and implementing responsive designs using HTML and a CSS preprocessor (SASS, PostCSS, LESS)
Experience using modular JavaScript, async patterns, and DOM manipulation
Experience with Cypress, Jest unit testing frameworks * Strong problem-solving skills, logical and creative thinking
Experience with version control

Responsibilities:
Work on the React.js codebases building features for Content Management Systems

Automate front end testing to ship the highest quality experience for our audience
Write code and tests that are understandable and maintainable
Debug effectively within their primary area to help find root cause
Provide helpful, timely code reviews
Able to identify problems with the product team and investigate potential causes.
Makes informed decisions about which tools and solutions to use for specific problems
Communicates effectively with non- technical peers
Gives timely, helpful feedback to product and managers
Able to suggest improvements to technology and tools and investigate implementations.

Please let me know if you are interested in this role
Regards,
MONISHA LNB
Talent Acquisition Associate
PRINCETON ITSERVICES
Phone : +1 609-952-6392
Webprincetonits.com | skillconnect360.com
125 Maiden Ln, Suite# 501, New York, NY 10038
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $85.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This is a C2H role can you work on W2?

Experience:

UI: 3 years (Required)
React.js, node.js, NoSQL: 3 years (Required)
CSS/Sass development: 1 year (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The mission of the Frontend Rendering Infrastructure team is to accelerate product development at Etsy. We make sure product teams have the tools and infrastructure they need to build and iterate on complex interfaces. Uniquely, our work impacts both the developer experience and the end-user experience. Some examples of recent work include:

 Building out support for server-rendered JSX components (see our Code as Craft article about this work)
 Working with the Web Platform team to implement Redux Toolkit at Etsy
 Re-architecting our PHP view rendering framework to be queue-based

 We’re looking for people who are interested in both server- and client-rendering and their underlying technologies. You’ll be working on projects written in PHP, JavaScript and TypeScript, built within frameworks like Preact and Redux.
 Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.
 About the Role
 We’re looking for engineers with experience building scalable and performant front-end infrastructure. You should be customer-focused, data-driven, and excited about collaborating with your teammates and peers. Your responsibilities include:

 Developing and maintaining critical path product services
 Building tools and libraries that make it easy to take advantage of Etsy infrastructure
 Identifying opportunities to improve our architecture, operability or capabilities
 Using data to validate your hypotheses and inform your decision making




  Qualifications
   About You

 You’re an engineer with deep knowledge of JavaScript/Typescript. PHP experience is helpful as we use it often, but it is not required
 You have experience with multiple frontend frameworks; we primarily use React/Preact and support jQuery, but alternate experience is great
 You may have experience using and/or building living design systems
 You enjoy writing technical documentation
 You care deeply about performance and usability on a variety of devices
 You are comfortable working with legacy code while working towards improving it
 You’re opinionated about how to build systems (and whether to build them at all), but empathetic to your colleagues
 You’ve mentored engineers at a variety of levels throughout their career

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.


Summary
This position is part of an agile development team, building and working on enterprise grade software systems on top of the Microsoft .NET development stack. It will develop, create, and modify general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Analyze user needs and develop software solutions. Design software or customize software for client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency. May analyze and design databases within an application area including testing, working individually or coordinating database development as part of a team.
Required Education and Experience

High school diploma or General Education Degree (GED)
2 or more years of related experience and/or training that would enable performance of the full scope of the position
Working knowledge of fundamental operations of relevant software
Excellent computer and troubleshooting skills
Solid understanding of object oriented programming concepts
Solid understanding of relational database design and querying concepts
Familiarity with version control concepts

Preferred Education and Experience
· Experience building and deploying mobile applications both IOS and Android
· Exposure using Xamarin to develop mobile applications
· Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related discipline
· Knowledge of JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery
· Exposure to web development using HTML5, CSS, and Bootstrap
· Strong background in developing cross-browser web interfaces
· Intermediate MS Excel skills
· Experience with Visual Studio development software
· Exposure to Microsoft .NET development using C#
· Exposure to web development using HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript
· Exposure to SQL Server or Relational databases
· Knowledge of client/server application development
· Knowledge of agile development methodologies
· Knowledge of unit testing theory
· Proficiency with MS Office products (Outlook, Word)
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work
· Full-time position
· Standard days are Monday through Friday
· Standard hours are 40 hours per week (dependent on workload)
· Schedule flexibility will be allowed if pre-planned and approved
· Must be willing and have the ability to work additional hours during peak business needs and occasional weekend hours, as requested
Competencies
To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies to perform the essential functions of this position.
· Problem solving—the individual identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers and analyzes information skillfully.
· Interpersonal Skills—the individual maintains confidentiality, remains open to others’ ideas and exhibits willingness to try new things.
· Oral communication—the individual speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations, demonstrates group presentation skills and conducts meetings.
· Written Communication—the individual edits work for spelling and grammar, presents numerical data effectively and is able to read and interpret written information.
· Planning/organizing—the individual prioritizes and plans work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans.
· Quality control—the individual demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness and monitors own work to ensure quality.
· Adaptability—the individual adapts to changes in the work environment, manages competing demands and is able to deal with frequent change, delays or unexpected events.
· Dependability—the individual is consistently at work and on time, follows instructions, responds to management direction and solicits feedback to improve performance.
· Safety and security—the individual actively promotes and personally observes safety and security procedures, and uses equipment and materials properly.
Essential Functions
· Working with an agile team to develop, test, and maintain web applications built on Microsoft technologies.
· Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, development of user stories, and estimates
· Preparing reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software
· Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards
· Participating in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code
· Package and support deployment of releases
· Developing, refining, and tuning integrations between applications
· Analyzing and resolving technical and application problems
· Adhering to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget
· Maintain the highest level of confidentiality and professionalism
· Stay current with system information, changes and updates
· Build, strengthen and maintain positive business relationships by establishing rapport with customers (agents, dealers and internal personnel)
· Address issues and ensure effective and long-term problem resolution
· Provide timely feedback to the company regarding service failures or concerns
· Maintain ongoing two-way communication promoting professionalism, teamwork, positive employee morale, and outstanding customer service
· Return phone messages and emails within one business day
· Complete all other duties as required and/or necessary as requested by management
The duties listed above are not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing; they are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific duties, responsibilities and activities does not exclude them from the position; as they may change at any time with or without notice.
Our Benefit package includes: 
· Medical Insurance
· Dental Insurance
· Vision Insurance
· Basic Life and AD&D Insurance for Employee
· Additional Life and AD&D Insurance for Employee, Spouse and Children
· Long Term Disability
· Critical Illness
· Accident Insurance
· Pet Insurance
· Employee Assistance Program
· 401(k) Savings Plan with Match
· Paid Holidays
· Paid Vacation
· Paid Sick Days
· Tuition Reimbursement
An Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Drug Free Workplace
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $1.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What are your salary expectations?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)
.NET: 1 year (Preferred)
Bootstrap: 1 year (Preferred)
Xamarin: 1 year (Preferred)
iOS development: 1 year (Preferred)
Android development: 1 year (Preferred)
C#: 1 year (Preferred)
jQuery: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft SQL Server: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote




REMOTE - US 

ENGINEERING 

JR4437 

FULL TIME 


BUILDING THE POSSIBILITIES. 
As a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll be part of one of our multidisciplinary teams where you’ll work closely with designers, product managers, and data analysts. You’ll be a creative contributor to our processes and decision-making so when we build new features, we can ensure scalability and availability of the entire platform. Sounds good to you? Join us. 
WHAT YOU’LL DO AS A SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, MOBILE: 

You will be developing new features, iterating on the current systems, and maintaining our high code quality. 
You will work with design and product managers to review UI/UX to make the best product for our users. 
You will collaborate with other engineers on your team to code review, functional test and release iOS and Android builds. 

WHAT YOU’LL BRING: 

Ideally, you have 3+ years of experience in mobile development, using one or more of: Xamarin/Xamarin.Forms (C#), Android (Java/Kotlin), iOS (mainly Swift, some Objective C) 
You have a strong knowledge of native operating system capabilities, app signing and deployment processes, and consumer app best practices. 
You have experience writing and maintaining a comprehensive suite of automated unit and integration tests. 
You have a solid understanding of how apps communicate with backend services. 
You have the ability and desire to grow other engineers through code reviews, design reviews, and over-the-shoulder debugging. 


WHO ARE WE A GOOD FIT FOR? 
We love working with talented people but more than that, we seek out compassionate co-workers with a collaborative spirit. Our work moves quickly and we’re great at coming together to find creative solutions to some of tech’s most interesting problems. If that sounds good to you, join us.
 WE ARE DRAFTKINGS.
 We’re inspired by our shared passion for developing creative solutions to complex challenges and empowering the people around us to do their best work. We are industry leaders in the digital entertainment and technology space propelled by constant curiosity and diverse perspectives.  Our teams are fueled by innovation. We are looking ahead, building what’s next, and continuously reinventing the industry. We’re a publicly traded (NASDAQ: DKNG) technology company headquartered in Boston, with teams around the world and an expanding global presence.
 JOIN US!
 We strive to create a place where all feel safe, empowered, engaged, championed, and inspired. DraftKings is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of your gender identity, race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability.
 READY TO BUILD WHAT’S NEXT? APPLY NOW.
 As a regulated gaming company, you may be required to obtain a gaming license issued by the appropriate state agency as a condition of employment.



Position: Site Reliability EngineerType: Full Time Permanent RoleLocation: 100% Remote
SummaryAs a mid-senior level Site Reliability Engineer, you will work within a team of world-class engineers to handle production incidents, run playbook tasks, troubleshoot production issues and participate in on-call rotation. You’ll also have the opportunity to leverage your expertise in helping design and build the next generation of AWS based platform.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

3+ years of experience in SRE operations
2+ years of experience in AWS cloud Infrastructure and the related services, VPC, DNS, Peering, Transit Gateway
2+ years of experience with YAML, JSON, bash shell scripting, and Linux command-line utilities
2+ years of experience with Chef, Consul and Vault
2+ yeas of experience coding with Ruby on Rails, Go
Experience with Docker, ECS and Fargate

Requirements: 

3 Incorporate SRE best practices for high availability, scalability, and fault tolerance
Help design and build next-generation AWS based platform
Build and improve monitors and alerts of critical services
Handle on-call production support tasks and incident management
Build automation for playbooks to reduce toil
Work with development, product, and QA teams to resolve production issues and perform root cause analysis
This is a 24/7 on-call position with a rotation schedule.
Other duties as assigned.

Benefits

Full benefits to ensure you and your family are safe, healthy & happy.
Paid Time Off to relax and rejuvenate
Flexible Hours to allow you the best work/life balance
Remote work options to help us obtain the best talent no matter where you live
Opportunities for growth in your career Competitive salary
The best technology
A creative and innovative culture where all team members are valued and supported * And more!

Thanks & RegardsVenu GopalPhone: 848-202-7710Email: venugopal(at)aptivacorp(dot)com
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $140,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote
Company Description

Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that's transforming the way people work together, from the smallest business to the largest enterprise. With more than 500 million registered users across more than 180 countries, our mission is to design a more enlightened way of working. From our headquarters in San Francisco to eight dedicated Studios and a worldwide team of employees who choose where they work best, our Virtual First approach is leading the way into the future of work.

Team Description

Our Engineering team is working to simplify the way people work together. They’re building a family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people around the world. With our broad mission and massive scale, there are countless opportunities to make an impact.

Role Description

Our Dropbox Infrastructure Engineering team is passionate about building awesome products at massive scale. We've developed a set of values that enable us to do this. Specifically, we write phenomenal software and sweat the details, focus on impact, and create an enduring culture. Building elegant products begins with lots of hacking and iteration to explore the problem space. It culminates in careful attention to edge cases and error handling, polished code, and great tests to ensure that we ship reliable code that never compromises data integrity or security. Every Dropbox software release improves millions of lives, and you'll find a high petabyte-to-engineer ratio here. We're bold when it comes to shipping high-leverage projects, even if they're risky or novel.
We care deeply about collaboration, feedback, and iteration. Trust and respect are deeply rooted in our engineering culture. At the heart of Dropbox lies the largest networked filesystem in history. We routinely tackle audacious challenges, often against competitors who have 10-50x our resources. On top of this foundation, we're crafting products that enable people to do amazing things with their stuff across all their devices. We hope you'll join us!

Responsibilities

You will build infrastructure to handle metadata for hundreds of billions of files, hundreds of petabytes of user data, and millions of concurrent connections
You will scale Dropbox as the data-fabric which connects hundreds of millions of the world's apps, devices, and services
You will measure and optimize as Dropbox continues to build one of the industry's most advanced analytics platforms to derive meaning from vast amounts of data

Requirements

BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent technical experience
5+ years of professional software development experience
Extensive experience building and owning large-scale, multi-threaded, geographically distributed backend systems
Highly skilled at developing and debugging in C/C++, Java, or Go
Knowledge of Python a plus
Experience with operating system internals, filesystems, databases, network, compiler also a plus
Familiarity with Linux

Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland).

Benefits and Perks

Generous company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage

401k + company match

Market competitive total compensation package

Free Dropbox space for your friends and family

Wellness Reimbursement

Generous vacation policy

11 company paid holidays

Volunteer time off

Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)About Datadog:

We're on a mission to build the best platform in the world for engineers to understand and scale their systems, applications, and teams. We operate at high scale—trillions of data points per day—providing always-on alerting, metrics visualization, logs, and application tracing for tens of thousands of companies. Our engineering culture values pragmatism, honesty, and simplicity to solve hard problems the right way.


The opportunity:

Datadog is building a world-class APM product that traces requests as they flow across complex systems. We are looking for an expert Node.js developer who can help push our Javascript tracing tools to the next level. Come and join us to build amazing open-source software.


You will:

Write open-source code that instruments thousands of Node applications around the world
Drive our open-source Node projects and engage with the community to find and fix the most important challenges
Join a great team building software the right way


Requirements:

You're a master Node programmer.
You are a great community ambassador and can drive hard technical conversations towards a good solution
You want to work in a fast, high growth startup environment that respects its engineers and customers
You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience


Bonus points:

You have significant experience with Python, Go, Javascript, Ruby or PHP
You have experience with code telemetry and introspection


#LI-Remote This is a remote position

#LI-BP1

Equal Opportunity at Datadog:

Datadog is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and is proud to offer equal employment opportunity to everyone regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, veteran status, and more. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.


Your Privacy:

Any information you submit to Datadog as part of your application will be processed in accordance with Datadog's Applicant and Candidate Privacy Notice.Site Reliability Engineer

Sight Machine is built on the shoulders of a unique, robust and highly scalable Infrastructure as Code model. This enables the creation and operation of customer instances in our ecosystem in a standardized and simplified manner. We are looking for team members to help us build, maintain, and improve the infrastructure that makes Sight Machine the leading provider of Manufacturing Data Pipelines and Analytics.

Great things happen when people can bring their authentic selves to work. We empower all of our team members to share their perspectives, passions and experiences because collectively we make a better, stronger team through always “open communications” mind.

Our team collaborates closely with peers & cross functional stakeholders throughout the business, our clients on the forefront of digital transformation, and the cutting edge of digital manufacturing thought leadership.

Although we have offices in SF and Ann Arbor, we have a remote-friendly culture with folks based all around the US and the rest of the world. For this role in particular, we are looking for someone that is willing to work in core Eastern Time zone hours to provide coverage for our Ann Arbor based teams.

The Role

In this role you will join our Site Reliability and Infrastructure Team in deploying, managing, optimizing and upgrading the systems that run Sight Machine software. You must love learning new technology, problem solving, and building automation in the Infrastructure as Code paradigm.

Success will take a blend of technical expertise, experience with deployment technology frameworks, customer-centric focus, and a team-spirited approach to solve architectural challenges supporting your peers in Application Engineering.

Responsibilities

Employing DevOps principles, provide technical operational support for comprehensive cloud infrastructure operations for all customers, internal and external.
Troubleshoot and resolve complex systems problems that cross multiple layers of the systems stack from networking, to operating systems, to cloud resources, to databases.
Instrument, and respond to Monitoring and Alerting infrastructure for critical services
Creating, revising, and testing operational runbooks and automation for maintaining Sight Machine Infrastructure
Participate in our on-call support schedule
Proactively pursue opportunities of operational innovation to improve stability, reliability, availability of the all platform components, and optimize efficiency, and propagate a security-first culture
Requirements

Embody a Quality-first and Security-first culture in all that you do
You can work independently and have willingness to listen, learn and commit to team decisions
You value clear communication and you're empathetic and respectful of others
Strong Linux Fundamentals with 1.5+ years expertise managing cloud infrastructure
Familiarity with a container-deployed service (Kubernetes, Docker)
Experience with resource management of a first-tier cloud provider (Azure, GCP, AWS
Operational experience with monitoring/alerting systems such as Sentry, Opsgenie, Prometheus
Familiarity with networking systems, including IP addressing, TCP, UDP protocols, DNS, routing, and netmasks.


Nice to Haves

Experience some elements with our current tech stack: Kubernetes, Prometheus, Elasticsearch, Python, Java, Kafka, Postgres, and Jenkins

Coding experience in any of Python, Bash, Java, Go

Previous experience or a keen interest in industrial IoT, analytics, or manufacturing a plus

Location

Ann Arbor, SF or Remote

About Sight Machine

Sight Machine strengthens manufacturers by providing the industry’s only standard data model and system-level visualization capabilities. By integrating all crucial data into a single innovative platform, everyone involved in the fabrication process can visualize, contextualize and examine data in one intuitive interface.

Sight Machine is committed and mission-driven to improve lives, strengthen communities and make the world cleaner through continuously re-envisioning manufacturing processes - making them more efficient, sustainable and absolute.

Founded in Michigan in 2011 and expanded to San Francisco in 2012, Sight Machine blends the spirit of technology innovation and the down to earth style of Detroit manufacturing. Our team includes early leadership from Yahoo, Tesla Motors and Oracle. Together, we share wide industry knowledge and a commitment to advance manufacturing to a more sustainable future.

We take pride in our self-starter culture where employees are enabled and encouraged to achieve their professional goals through leadership guidance, learning and development. Our philosophy is that careers are continuous journeys, and we dedicate time and offer resources so that employees can reach their full potential.

Sight Machine is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers candidates legally authorized to work in the US regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. Sight Machine also considers qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
Job Title: Software Lead Engineer
Job location: Remote
Job Description
· Automotive or other safety critical experience with 8+ years of embedded systems software development is required.
· Experience with high voltage EV/HEV and/or low voltage Micro Hybrid systems is required.
· Experience with Matlab, Simulink, and autocode generation is required.
· Experience with the Software V-Model and ASPICE is required.
· Experience with scripting languages such as Python, CAPL is desired.
· Experience with AUTOSAR architecture is desired.
· Experience previously negotiating timing and software content with the customer is desired.
· Excellent overall technical and communication skills.
· Excellent in spoken and written English language
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Must have experience with Singlecomm software.
The following are the duties and responsibilities of a computer/software programmer:

Reviewing operating systems and software frequently and making any adjustments necessary to keep them running well
Writing code and implementing computer programs on multiple systems in the business
Building and using computer-assisted software engineering tools to automate some coding
Performing all requirements needed for the implementation of automated computer systems from start to finish
Using code libraries to simplify the writing of code
Collaborating with software developers in the creation of programs for their organization
Computer Programmers work more closely with the program and use coding languages to apply updates and fix bugs as they arise.

This is a temporary role lasting 6-12 months.
Job Type: Temporary
Pay: $50.00 - $60.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Singlecomm: 1 year (Preferred)
computer programming: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Company Description

Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that's transforming the way people work together, from the smallest business to the largest enterprise. With more than 500 million registered users across more than 180 countries, our mission is to design a more enlightened way of working. From our headquarters in San Francisco to eight dedicated Studios and a worldwide team of employees who choose where they work best, our Virtual First approach is leading the way into the future of work.

Team Description

Our Engineering team is working to simplify the way people work together. They’re building a family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people around the world. With our broad mission and massive scale, there are countless opportunities to make an impact.

Role Description

Our Mobile team builds products and features that drive the core experience on the Dropbox mobile application. We enable users to easily manage their content, collaborate with their peers and work effortlessly with others. This position will play a key role in building and supporting mobile features. In this role there will be opportunity to work across different development stacks and influence product decisions.

Responsibilities

Build intuitive features to improve the experience for mobile users.
Improve the mobile codebase by working on foundational issues and helping to rearchitect, as necessary.
Work with your team to promote best practices and ensure a high quality bar is maintained.
Collaborate with product managers, designers and other groups to design thoughtful new features.

Requirements

BS (or higher, e.g., MS, or PhD) in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent technical experience
3+ years of professional software development experience
Strong engineering skills and software fundamentals in developing on iOS
Experience working with large native code bases with significant complexity
A passion for building consumer applications with elegant and clean interfaces
Experience developing, testing, shipping and supporting a product for hundreds of thousands of users is a plus
Experience working in a team environment and collaborating with cross-functional group

Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland).

Benefits and Perks

Generous company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage

401k + company match

Market competitive total compensation package

Free Dropbox space for your friends and family

Wellness Reimbursement

Generous vacation policy

11 company paid holidays

Volunteer time off

Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)



    At Jane, we’re working to find the best ways to help small businesses succeed, and we’re using the latest technology to build a better online marketplace. We have some pretty big goals and are always looking for talented people far and wide who want to be a part of something new. We not only work hard at our jobs but also to maintain a culture of authenticity and collaboration all while being Remote First. Join us and enjoy the #janelife to its fullest.
   


 Jane's Values


     Lead with empathy
   

     Pull together
   

     Just say it
   

     Make it count
   

     Make your mark
   



Engineering Team Values

 Passion for development and code craftsmanship Continuous learning, improvement, and delivery Caring about and encouraging others Collaborative cross-functional teams Continually delivering high-quality code that provides value to Jane and Jane customers







 What You'll Be Doing 

Delivering on stories in an agile experience team Mentoring others Driving best practices Learning and implementing the latest web technologies





What We Create With

 Love of JavaScript including its well-documented quirks. React, Redux, CSS-in-JS Node.js (Koa, Express, GraphQL) Modern dev tools, including TypeScript, Babel and Webpack HTTP, REST, GraphQL Git/Github





Experience You'll Need

 Bachelor’s degree in CS/Engineering or equivalent experience 2-4 years of hands-on experience developing software Proven Javascript, CSS, React and Web Dev tools Desire to work in a collaborative Agile environment solving problems as part of a team Designing and delivering code that’s readable, maintainable, testable, scalable, reusable and efficient Customer-service focus Unit testing best practices/patterns





When Applying Include the Following

 Your GitHub profile





    #LI-REMOTE
   


 #LI-REMOTE
   


 Jane is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status.
   


 Remote positions can be located anywhere within the United States.
   




We're reinventing the way people interact with their finances and we could use your help. A Banno apprenticeship offers you a chance to think about and solve fascinating, important problems. Here, everyone has a voice, a chance to ask tough questions, and an opportunity to innovate. We are excited to once again offer specialized training for individuals still developing their technical proficiencies through a coding school, Associate’s degree, Bachelor’s degree, online certification(s), or technical program.
 At Jack Henry, apprentices partner with the industry’s best talent to produce highly visible results that impact the business and our customers. Apprentices will receive paid on the job training through mentorship and hands-on learning experiences that will build upon and expand their current technical skillset.
 We are committed to creativity, thoughtfulness, culture, and openness—the perfect place to make phenomenal products that have a big impact. Our work environment echoes a modern tech start-up, but we have the security and benefits of a large, publicly traded company. We place high value on continued education and contribute to, and use, open-source projects. Apply today to join the Banno Mobile Engineer team as a Mobile Test Apprentice.
 The Mobile Test Apprentice will collaborate and learn from their team members, testing the newest features in our apps and searching for any degraded functionality or performance. This position can be worked remotely or out of any Jack Henry office. This position pays $20.00/hour. The work schedule is part-time (20-29 hours per week).
 This position can be worked remotely. This position pays $20.00/hour. The work schedule is part-time (20-29 hours per week).
 What you’ll be responsible for:

Collaborating with full-time Mobile Test Analysts to schedule and perform exploratory functional, integration, regression, and release testing.
Submitting detailed issues to development and retesting once they are corrected.
Reporting test results and status as appropriate while continuing to track defects and causal analyses to closure.
Working with developers to provide rapid test feedback during the development cycle and assisting in problem reproduction when necessary.
Participating in project discoveries, and user acceptance testing with product owners.
May perform other job duties as assigned.

 What you’ll need to have:

Must have an interest in learning testing methodologies.
Must be available to work a minimum of 20 hours per week.
Meet the legal requirements to work in the U.S. for an indefinite period of time without any sponsorship from Jack Henry.

 What would be nice for you to have:

Knowledge in UX standards for iOS and Android applications.
Knowledge of client server architecture.
Experience with JavaScript, or shell scripting, or other software development experience.
Basic software troubleshooting experience, such as IT/Help Desk.

 If you got this far, we hope you're feeling excited about this opportunity. Even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement on this posting, we still encourage you to apply. We're eager to meet motivated people who align with Jack Henry’s mission and can contribute to our company in a variety of ways.
 Why Jack Henry? Our Banno apprenticeship program offers you the ability to create a work schedule that fits around your life. You will get to experience working in an Agile/XP environment doing continuous deployment. We're willing to teach those that are ready to learn! You'll be given challenging projects and begin working in your area of interest. You'll be paired with a peer mentor who you can call on at any time to answer questions and guide you along the way, and you'll experience working with a fast-moving and highly distributed team. Apprentices in the Banno group don’t do "grunt" work – they're full members of our team.
 Culture of Commitment Ask our associates why they love Jack Henry, and many will tell you it is because our culture is exceptional. We do great things together. Rising to meet challenges and seeking opportunities is part of who we are as an organization. Our culture has helped us stay strong through challenging times and we credit our dedicated associates for our success. Visit our Corporate Responsibility site to learn more about our culture and commitment to our people, customers, community, environment, and shareholders.
 Equal Employment Opportunity At Jack Henry, we know we are better together. We value, respect, and protect the uniqueness each of us brings. Innovation flourishes by including all voices and makes our business—and our society—stronger. Jack Henry is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices, including selection, hiring, performance management, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, education, training, social, and recreational activities to all persons regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, genetic information, pregnancy, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, sexual orientation, and military and veteran status, or any other protected status protected by local, state or federal law.
 No one will be subject to, and Jack Henry prohibits, any form of discipline, reprisal, intimidation, or retaliation for good faith reports or complaints of incidents of discrimination of any kind, pursuing any discrimination claim, or cooperating in related investigations.
 Requests for full corporate job description may be requested through the interview process at any time.



About GameChanger: We believe in the life-changing impact of youth sports because they encourage leadership, teamwork, responsibility, and confidence—important life lessons that have the power to propel our youth toward meaningful futures. We recognize that without coaches, parents, and volunteers, organized youth sports could not exist. By connecting kids and families through the medium of sports, we celebrate those dedicated heroes and make it our mission to cover every youth athlete like a pro by delivering live video streaming, scorekeeping, and team communication tools to over 550,000 youth sports teams.So if you love sports, or building cool products is your sport, GameChanger is the team for you. We are a remote-first, dynamic tech company based in New York City, and are solving some of the biggest challenges in youth sports today.The Position: As an iOS Software Engineer, you will use modern tools to develop features in our native iOS application and across the stack. You will build engaging user-facing features by contributing your expertise, writing code, and making architectural decisions on a team of Product Managers, Designers, QA Analysts, and Engineers. You will report into one of our Product Engineering Managers.What You'll Do: 

Build features for community engagement, scorekeeping, fan experiences, and team management throughout the stack, with a focus on our iOS app.
Work with peers on important decisions about how our applications are architected and built.
Team up with designers, testers, and product managers to find the best solutions for our customers.
Teach and learn with engineers across the company.
Promote responsible engineering practices.

Who You Are: 

Solid understanding of software engineering fundamentals.
Experience being on successful iOS projects.
Experience shipping beautiful, high-quality apps.
Passion and experienced working with the latest iOS tech.
Comfort working in a cross-functional product team.
Experience mentoring engineers.

Experience: 

Our apps are written in Swift and have a Redux architecture using technologies like RxSwift and Realm.
Your team will also do Android development in Kotlin, so having background there would be a bonus, but is not required.
Our backend APIs are built with TypeScript, Node.js, Redis, Kafka, and PostgreSQL and run in AWS. It's not required that you know these, but we prefer that you are open to full-stack development.

Perks: 

Work remotely or from our well-furnished, modern office in NYC's FiDi.
Unlimited vacation policy.
Technology stipend - $3,500 every 2 years to purchase new technology.
Full health benefits - medical, dental, vision, prescription, FSA/HRA., and coverage for family/dependents.
Life insurance - basic life, supplemental life, and dependent life.
Disability leave - short-term disability and long-term disability.
Retirement savings - 401K plan offered through Vanguard, with a company match.
Generous parental leave.
Commuter benefits.
DICK'S Sporting Goods Teammate Discount.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Note: All positions are approved to be fully remote. If you come into the corporate office, you will need to show proof of vaccination unless you have a valid medical/religious exemption.
Job Type: Full-time


IT Retail is a software company focused on developing the next generation of grocery point of sale solutions. With over 100,000 licenses sold worldwide, IT Retail has been a significant player in the grocery point of sale space and is poised to rapidly expand with the release of its cloud-based point of sale offering - Retail MARKET.
You would be joining an experienced development team that is taking grocery point of sale to the next level of excellence. The team has been together for around 5 years and we are looking to add another experienced developer to our globally distributed team.

Responsibilities:

Full Stack - Point of Sale (POS) system development
 Work as a member of the team actively using an agile development process

Mandatory skills:

Extensive C# and JavaScript programming background (3+ years)
 Deep understanding of Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Strong knowledge of .NET platform: WPF, Entity Framework, ASP.NET Web API
 Knowledge of SQL, writing and analyzing queries
 Effective communication in English both oral and written

Nice to have skills:

Experience with AngularJS, Bootstrap
 Hands-on unit-testing, performance-testing, TDD
 Knowledge of IaaS, PaaS systems like Azure, AWS
 Experience in CI tools like TFS, TeamCity, Jenkins
 Understanding of agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban) and principles

We offer:

Competitive Base Salary
 Two weeks of annual PTO in addition to paid federal holidays
 On-going training and learning and growth opportunities.
 401K Options
 Life Insurance
 Health Insurance + HSA Donations




Job Title: Software Engineer (Contract) - Job# 3297
Location: Remote
Job Description: Our client has an immediate requirement for a remote software engineer to join their team. Candidates should have strong experience working with Teraform and ARM/Cloud Formation.
Responsibilities:

Develop Automation routines to manage Enterprise infrastructure in an On-premise Datacenter, Public cloud, Private cloud, and Hybrid cloud environments.
Analyzes, designs, programs, debugs, and modifies software enhancements and/or new products used in local, networked, cloud-based or Internet-related computer programs.
Using current programming language and technologies, writes code, completes programming, and performs testing and debugging of applications.
Completes documentation and procedures for installation and maintenance.
May interact with users to define system requirements and/or necessary modifications.
Models and applies software engineering methods and techniques to the design, development, evaluation, integration, qualification and/or support of complex products, tools, or technologies in one or more areas of expertise.
May work independently or cooperatively with other software developers, often assuming technical and project leadership roles.
Recognized as a specialist and may function as a technical project manager, consultant or researcher.

Required: 

Proven Experience building Iac Templates using Terraform And ARM/Cloud Formation
CI/CD pipelines in Azure DevOps.
Powershell / Python scripting.
Azure Logic Apps / ServiceNow orchestration is a plus.
Azure and AWS expertise.
Bachelor's Degree
5+ years of related experience
Proven experience in DevOps working with Jira or similar products
SqlServer, MySql, PostgreSQL, Oracle etc.
Comfortable to work with Linux and Windows systems.
Strong track record for being a self-starter, innovative and collaborating across global teams.
Willing to take on new challenges with minimal guidance.
Excellent communication skills.
Any basic cloud certification in AWS/Azure/GCP/Oracle cloud etc.

About Delphi-USDelphi-US is a national recruiting firm based in Newport, Rhode Island. We specialize in IT, Engineering and Professional Staffing services for organizations from Main Street to Wall Street. Our mission is simple: To connect great people to great companies. We accomplish this with a proprietary skill-based and cultural matching process that results in higher qualified submissions along with increased interviews and offer rates. You’ll find our team is friendly, professional and ready to advocate on your behalf, armed with industry trends, and an understanding of employer needs.For immediate consideration, please contact:Rich BraunEVP Talentrbraun@delphi-us.com855-863-0464 x1001
Job Type: Contract
Description:
Job Title: Software Engineer 2

Job Code: IMS20222704-81435

Job Location: Greenville, TX or Hybrid. Responsibilities can be performed remotely for one or two days per week depending on the current demands of the program.

Job Description:
The Software Engineer 2 would be working daily with multiple software engineering team members to develop, maintain, test, integrate software in development, integration, and target environments.
Essential Functions:
Design, implement, and integrate software
Investigate and resolve defects
Evaluate change requests from stakeholders
Perform other duties as assigned

Required Qualifications:
U.S. Citizenship
Secret Clearance
Bachelor’s Degree with a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience
OR Master’s Degree with a minimum of 0 to 2 years of relevant experience

Preferred Additional Skills:
B.S. Degree in Computer Science or Engineering
Ability to write well designed, testable, efficient code
Ability to ensure designs are in compliance with specifications
Ability to prepare and produce releases of software components
Linux System experience
Shell Scripting Experience
Centos/Redhat Image Customization, Kickstart Scripting
Programming experience
Multi-threaded Java, C/C++
Object Oriented analysis and design using common design patterns

This position requires an ACTIVE Secret Clearance with the ability to maintain it, which requires U.S. Citizenship.



    The Software Engineer will design, build, maintain, and transform our current technology into a data analytics platform. You will be solving problems related to building streaming data services and creating scalable cloud-based software. The role involves working jointly with customers and internal teams to scope integration requirements, design effective solutions and then build those solutions to meet the customers’ needs. The ideal candidate has experience working in a rapidly changing environment and prides themselves on being an energetic self-starter who wants to make a positive impact on the team and the product.
   



Qualifications

 Strong experience with Linux systems running services in AWS Strong Python & SQL experience. Strong belief and experience for writing clean, non-complicated code with unit tests. AWS experience (VPC, EC2, S3, SNS/SQS, RDS) Experience with containerization platforms (Docker) Experience with microservices architectures, REST API’s, asynchronous communications. Experience with frequent and incremental development, testing, and deployment Experience with scaling distributed data stores, file systems, and services (RDS MySQL, DynamoDB, MongoDB, Redis) 3-5 years of related software engineering experience in an agile environment





Nice to Haves

 Experience with container orchestration tools (Kubernetes, ECS, etc.) Experience with Terraform, CI/CD, Git, Gitlab Experience with Spark, Databricks, streaming data sources (Kafka, Kinesis) and Messaging frameworks (Kafka, SNS/SQS, AMQP) Experience with Prometheus, Grafana, Elasticsearch Experience in Golang Experience with Event-driven architectures and Eventing systems Payment card experience





Perks & Benefits:


     Remote/flexible workspace
   

     Collaborative work culture
   

     Medical/dental/vision insurance
   

     Employer-paid life insurance
   

     Equity after one year of employment
   

     401(k)
   

     Unlimited PTO
   


 Midigator is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workforce and is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran, or disability status.
   





   Superpedestrian is engineering the future of micromobility. The Superpedestrian team is composed of some of the most talented operations specialists, policy managers, designers and engineers, all focused on transforming the future urban mobility. Our scooters, called LINK, were designed to prioritize safety from the inside out, and our Superpedestrian team is dedicated to building meaningful local and city partnerships across the world. Join us!
  


 We are seeking a Software Engineer to join the consumer software team. The ideal candidate has strong skills in backend development, optimizing algorithms and database structures.
  

    There are currently several opportunities open in the software team so we are looking for candidates at different stages of their career. Don’t hesitate to apply if you only meet some of the preferred qualifications, or if you feel you’re overqualified. This is a position where you will have the opportunity to shape your responsibilities based on the skills you bring to the table.
  

 What you'll do:

 Maintain a database-backed API backend
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design and ship new features.
 Contribute across the stack on developing web applications, data layers, and back end services.
 Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability and general reliability
 Work on improving application performance and bug fixes
 Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency and application performance
 Participate in cross-team peer code reviews
 Participate in Agile Scrum sprint and release planning


 Who you are:

 5+ years of industry experience building scalable backend services
 Experience with Python or other scripting language
 Experience with Django, Rails, Node or similar web framework
 Experience with RESTful web services, JSON
 Working knowledge of database systems such as PostgreSQL, NoSQL (MongoDB)

 Bonus points:

 Experience storing and indexing large scale location data
 Ability to identify technology that will grow our big data processing capabilities
 Experience working with a developer community
 Passion for improving company wide processes leveraging software solutions

 Perks:

 Competitive benefits with company subsidized medical, dental, vision & disability insurance and a 401k plan. Generous time off policy.
 On the job training with a leadership team that is committed to growth and development of all employees.A team of awesome, like-minded, driven people that support each other, and mentors from across the top echelons of industry.
 The chance to have your voice heard and help shape Superpedestrian’s future.
 Equity in a fast growing company.
 A commitment to an actively anti-racist environment.


    Superpedestrian actively encourages applicants of all backgrounds. If you think you meet most of the requirements, but not every single point on the job description, please apply! We’d love to have a chat and see if you'd be a great addition to our team.
  



Senior Software Engineer I – Front-End
 At Curriculum Associates (CA), we believe a diverse team leads to diversity in thinking, making our products better for teachers and students. If you read this job description, feel energized by what you see here, and believe you could bring passion and commitment to the role, but you aren’t sure you meet every qualification, please apply! Above all, we are looking for the right person!
 Take one of the most innovative educational technology brands to the next level by becoming part of our rapidly growing organization. We are seeking a self-driven, passionate, and talented Senior Front-end Software Engineer with focused experience in modern front-end technologies and is passionate about helping make the world a better place. As a Senior Front-end Engineer at Curriculum Associates, you will be part of a high-performing team that is designing and building our instructional lessons.
 The impact you’ll have:

 You will be part of a rapidly growing ed-tech company and will impact classrooms and students with your contributions to i-Ready, our award-winning K-12 educational software service.
 You will design and develop code that delivers rich experiences using Javascript, React, Redux, CSS, Canvas, CreateJS, and other modern JavaScript frameworks.
 You will work collaboratively with your agile development team members, product owners, and others to understand requirements and deliver solutions.
 You will help build new and innovative solutions that solve challenging software issues.

 Who we’re looking for:

 You are a self-driven individual who is eager to grow their knowledge of front-end technologies.
 You are a born problem-solver who can find and implement solutions to complex problems.
 You have experience developing front-end highly engaging software solutions.
 You’ve got strong experience with the ins and outs of JS core capabilities.
 You’ve worked with CI/CD, Node, NPM, and Webpack.
 You’ve worked within the framework of the Agile methodology.
 You are a service-oriented individual who want to understand the customers they are serving and incorporate that into the product they build.
 People who are passionate about creating, owning, and maintaining clear and testable code.
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent experience.
 4+ years hands-on experience in software development
 A good understanding of data structures and algorithms.

 We’d also love to see, though not required:

 Experience with any of the following technologies is an advantage: CreateJS, CSS, WAI-ARIA, React, Redux, and TypeScript
 Previous experience in building responsive web applications or games
 Experience working in the world of open-source projects
 Educational or ed-tech background



The Junior DevOps Engineer supports the work of our software development team through proactive improvement projects and rapid problem solving to remove blockers and keep projects moving forward as efficiently as possible. The Junior DevOps Engineer will assist in producing clean, readable, and reusable code for product and system updates, identify production issues, and implement integrations that meet our external and internal customer needs. The ideal candidate will be process-oriented with great attention to detail, produce meticulous documentation and bring thorough problem solving and communication skills to the team.
Responsibilities: 

Collaborate with System Administrators, Quality Assurance Analysts, and team of Developers to create and maintain applications that are efficient, testable and conform to required specifications
Work closely with System Administrators and Developers to identify and resolve system related problems, including in depth work with Developers to find and configure the necessary tools, frameworks, and libraries to ensure the most efficient work possible
Create and maintain, documentation for technical users (code repositories, processes, etc.)
Run and maintain different product environments from beginning to end (dev, staging, stats, demo, production)
Assist with identifying technical problems and developing solutions (updates, fixes, etc.) while working to figure out best practices to automate and improve internal processes and systems where applicable
Understand and coordinate the needed build and release operations, best-practices, and protocols across the entire Development team (and other departments when needed)
Plan, develop, implement, and lead projects to improve our development and deployment processes and environments
Available to do ad-hoc work with System Administrators, Quality Assurance Analysts and Developers when needed
Translate loosely defined requirements into successful solutions
Perform other duties as requested by manager

Position Requirements: 

BS in Computer Science, IT, IS, or equivalent area of technical study (IT experience can substitute for a BS degree)
3+ years of equivalent work experience, must include Windows and Linux server administration, as well as core service engineering experience (DNS, SAN, Networking, E-mail, etc.)
Proven ability to collaborate with others as well as working independently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must
Hands-on technical know-how, including deploying, testing, and troubleshooting web applications, as well as a strong coding and shell scripting skills
Significant experience with Windows and Linux operating system environments
Experience with MSSQL server management, .NET frameworks, IIS, and OAUTH2
C#, ReactJS or other JavaScript frameworks, Visual Studio and Source control tools
Preferred experience with Agile methodology, SQL Administration and managing Azure and Cloud based CI & IAC tools
Must work well in remote team environment and be flexible as workloads and priorities change

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:VON continues to prioritize the health and safety of our staff and community during the COVID-19 pandemic. Currently working remotely.
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Shift availability:

Day Shift (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



   A pioneer in K–12 education since 2000, Amplify is leading the way in next-generation curriculum and assessment. Our captivating core and supplemental programs in ELA, math, and science engage all students in rigorous learning and inspire them to think deeply, creatively, and for themselves. Our formative assessment products turn data into practical instructional support to help students at every skill level build a strong foundation in early reading and math. Our programs provide teachers with powerful tools that help them understand and respond to the needs of all their students. Today, Amplify serves over eleven million students in all 50 states.
  


    Amplify is a leader in creating immersive, rigorous digital learning experiences that look great, play great, and help students expect great things of themselves. Amplify has been described as the best tech company in education, and the best education company in tech.
  


    As an engineer at Amplify, you will join a talented team tackling the toughest problems in education with the best ideas in technology – including user experience, APIs and services, data analysis, and deployment pipelines. You’ll play an active role in imagining and improving product design and the classroom experience.
  


    Amplify’s COVID-19 vaccination policy requires all staff to provide proof of vaccination for in-person meetings unless an approved exemption is provided.
  


    What You’ll Do
  



      Make life better for passionate teachers by:
    



        meeting the ultimate reliability and uptime challenge for digital tools – is this better than paper?
      


        building well structured and documented RESTful APIs so that our apps can share data with ease
      


        shipping code from your laptop to classrooms frequently and confidently
      



      Help school administrators build great schools by:
    



        building data pipelines that respect privacy and ensure security while offering useful insights
      


        implementing code that runs great across platforms under variable memory and network constraints
      


        analyzing performance and squashing tricky bugs using tools like Datadog, Alert Logic, and AWS CloudWatch
      



      Learn every day by:
    



        collaborating, pull request-ing, and mentoring on a multi-functional team
      


        participating in cross-team share-outs, brownbags, and workshop series
      






   Example Projects You Might Work On
  



      Architecting algorithms to select the right activity for the right student at the right moment.
    


      Crunching data from student activities to show teachers just the right advice
    


      Simulating hundreds of thousands of kids to implement scaling, stability, and security improvements
    


      Improving our deployment and testing automation pipelines
    





   You Must Have
  



      BS in Computer Science or equivalent
    


      Minimum of 4 years of professional software development experience
    


      Strong CS and software engineering fundamentals
    


      Proven fluency in at least two of React, NodeJS, Angular, SQL
    


      Strong communication and interpersonal skills in writing, conversation
    





   Extra Credit For
  



      MS in Computer Science or equivalent
    


      Experience with tools we use every day:
    



        Front-end frameworks: Angular, React, the next thing that will replace them all
      


        Back-end frameworks: Nodejs Express, Java Dropwizard
      


        Tools and systems: Linux, Jenkins, Docker, AWS, Datadog
      


        Data stores: Postgres, DynamoDB, S3
      



      Proven passion for building and learning: open source contributions, pet projects, self-education, Stack Overflow
    


      Experience in education or ed-tech
    



 We 
celebrate diversity and
 are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To that end, we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from 
a diverse candidate
 pool.



 Amplify is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities.



 This position may be funded, in whole or in part, through American Recovery & Reinvestment Act funds.



 Amplify Education, Inc. is an E-Verify participant.



Job Summary
We're looking for an experienced full-time IBM i Cobol Developer with practical experience working with embedded SQL in COBOL and familiarity with SYNON development environment.
Prime candidates will also have;
- Experience with COBOL current versions on IBM i.
- Practical experiences with embedded SQL in COBOL.
- Experience with modernization topics and projects (code, UI and DB).
- Some experience with SYNON.
- Agricultural industry experience is a plus.
This is a remote, work-from-home position; however it may require client visits once or twice annually. The salary range for this position is $105,000 to $115,000.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $100,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Flexible schedule

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Must be vaccinated for onsite travel (once or twice annually)
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

*Join us in creating better futures through bold decisions.*
We’re a data technology studio that focuses on helping our clients create operational change (faster) with their data. We’ve worked inside some of the world’s largest companies: Walmart, Zappos, Tyson, Chick-fil-A, H-E-B, and many more.
Our mission of creating better futures isn’t something we just seek for clients, but for ourselves as well. We are proud to be a collective of high-performers that champion necessary change when we see it. We strive to model new (better) ways of working within our own company — taking a people‐first approach to everything we do.
We’ve been named a Best Place to Work for four years and made Entrepreneur’s list of “Top Company Culture” winners. We’re also proud to have made the Inc. 5000 list of America’s Fastest‐Growing Private Companies for four years running (2017, 2018, 2019, 2020)*About the Role: *We are looking for a Senior Back End Engineer (Typsecript) to join our ranks. At RevUnit, you'll have the opportunity to make a meaningful difference in the lives of people by empowering them to work better through the products and platforms we build. Our teams are working together to transform enterprise technology, delivering work to people all around the globe every single day. If you value collaboration, exploration, and taking ownership in your work, our team has what you're looking for.In this role, you will be part of a cross-functional product team comprised of product owners, designers and technologists. The team will be working together to support an enterprise client as we work to reimagine the ways in which technology comes to life for their employees. We are working to improve user experiences and modernize the technology that powers them. You will need to be a self-starter with the drive and ability to help us move forward, even in the absence of clear direction.Our engineering team is a diverse and deeply talented assembly of individuals coming from various experiences ranging from startup to enterprise. We value these experiences and the level of breadth and depth they add to our collective technology stack. If this sounds like the kind of thing that inspires and motivates you, we'd love to hear from you.RequirementsIdeal Qualifications: 

Experience providing technology leadership for your product team - you will be responsible for the team's technical design decisions and alignment to engineering best practices.
You are pragmatic in your approach to developing digital products, can pivot the team as needed, and know how to ship.
You push your team to work better by establishing shared practices, continually providing feedback, and emphasizing technology decision-making.
3+ years' development of back end web applications using Typescript and similar technologies.
Agile - you will be a member of a cross functional agile team. You are an active participant in the team's core ceremonies - standup, sprint planning, story pointing, retrospectives, and sprint demos.
Ability to dig in and understand legacy code. A part of reimagining and re-engineering systems is the ability to learn and take advantage of what is already there. You have a knack for inspecting code bases and finding opportunities to simplify and optimize the solution.

Bonus Points: 

Familiarity with the Agile and Lean frameworks
Experience in an agency environment
Experience partnering with nearshore/offshore teams
Expertise designing and building solutions for processes improvement/modernization, data intelligence/visualization, and up-skilling systems at scale.

BenefitsBenefits and Perks (FTEs): 

RevUnit pays 100% of your individual premiums for Medical, Dental, Vision, and both Short and Long-Term Disability
Basic Life and AD&D
Health Savings Account (HSA) option
401k matching program
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Unlimited paid time off
8 Paid holidays
Paid parental leave
All Hands Meetings (All-Company in-person 2x per year. Focus on skill development, team building, and celebration.)
Monthly stipend for snacks/food
Company laptop, monitor, and accessories

We're committed to hiring the best people for the job, regardless of race, religion, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
Notice of E-Verify ParticipationRight to Work - EnglishRight to Work - Spanish
Job Type: Full-time



   Paylocity is a cloud-based software company that creates customized HR solutions for small to mid-sized organizations. Our workplace enhances communication and enables employees to connect, collaborate, and create from anywhere. Our award-winning culture ensures everyone has a voice and feels truly welcome. Join Paylocity as we shape the future of technology and the workplace!
  


 We give our employees what they need to succeed, including great benefits and perks! We offer medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and a 401(k) match, as well as perks that support you, your family, and your finances. And if it’s career development you desire, we provide that, too! At Paylocity, people matter most and have always been at the heart of our business.
  


 Help our award-winning technology company run effectively as you take on big challenges and find solutions with a position in Operations.
  


 Use your problem-solving skills to shape the way others see Paylocity. Launch your career with us!
  


 Position Overview



    The programmer will be responsible for using system tools, SQL, and in some cases high level language tools to develop custom solutions for our Payroll and HR system customers. They additionally may be required to interact with clients to gather requirements and will be developing solutions using financial and mathematical concepts.
  


 Location: Remote



 Reports To: Manager Support



 Responsibilities:



    The below represents the primary duties of the position, others may be assigned as needed. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
   


 Interface with customer payroll data using SQL and Reporting programs
 Test calculations, reports, and system configurations; troubleshoot problems
 Validate the functionality of the end product according to the requirement specifications
 Partner with internal teams to refine customer requirements or identify alternative solutions
 Set client expectations of dates for different milestones in the process
 Explain rules, interfaces, reports, and calculations to customers to ensure that the customizations meet their needs


 Requirements:



 Bachelor’s in accounting and/or computer science or one year experience in an accounts payable function or general ledger configuration role
 Familiarity with general ledger accounting principals
 Prior payroll experience preferred
 Modification of SQL Server Management Stored Procedures
 Modification of SQL Reporting Services RDL Reports
 Modification of Visual Studio XSL translation routines
 Ability to demonstrate a basic knowledge of SQL


 Soft Skills:



 Team Player, collaborating with others to make awesome happen
 Self-Motivated – you like to work hard, play hard.
 Adaptable – quick feet! You can shift priorities if needed.
 Highly Organized – detail-oriented is your thing!
 MS Office applications - are no sweat when it comes to your skillset


    Paylocity is an equal opportunity employer.
  


 Paylocity is committed to the full inclusion of all individuals. We comply with federal and state disability laws and make reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. To request reasonable accommodation in the job application or interview process, please contact accessibility@paylocity.com.
  


 This role can be performed from any office in the US. The pay range for this position in Colorado is $51000- $69,000 /yr; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. This position offers a full range of benefits outlined here . This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via www.paylocity.com/careers.
  



About Paylocity:


At Paylocity, caring is in our makeup. It’s who we are. We’re more than a cutting-edge HR and payroll tech company with crazy good reviews (just sayin'). We're people.Because people matter most. And people have always been at the heart of our business. Since our founding in 1997, this is the thing that's stayed the same, from our employees to the millions of users nationwide that access our platform every month. We pride ourselves on partnering with our clients to build the workplace you and your employees crave.That's us, in a nutshell. It's nice to meet you. Let's go forward together.

Who We Are

Addepar's purpose is to maximize the positive impact of the world's capital. More than 700 of the world's leading financial services firms trust Addepar to unlock the power and possibility of informed, data driven investing and advice. These family offices, wealth managers, banks and institutions use Addepar's purpose-built SaaS platform and associated Marketplace to deliver exceptional value to their clients in a modern, scalable and secure way.

Our clients use Addepar to manage and advise on more than $3.5 trillion in assets, and we've been adding more than $15 billion per week for many consecutive quarters, making us one of the fastest growing companies in fintech. Our board and investors are some of the best in the business: D1 Capital, WestCap, 8VC and Valor Equity Partners have led our last few rounds.

We're now expanding Addepar's business around the globe, with clients in more than 25 countries. We're constantly doubling down on tech- and data-fueled innovation, and our product and platform roadmap is more ambitious today than ever. We place our clients at the center of everything we do, and see a virtually unlimited set of opportunities to expand our client footprint and deepen the value we can unlock by building together.

Addepar is a Forbes Fintech 50 company and an honored member of the CB Insights Fintech 250. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City and Edinburgh, Scotland.
Marketplace and brokerage services provided by Acervus Securities, Inc., an SEC registered broker‑dealer and member FINRA / SIPC.
The Role

Addepar's design system team is a cross-disciplinary squad across engineering, design and product content domains. You'll join Addepar's Software Platform group, and work day-to-day with your squad to build Addepar's in-house design system and ensure its successful adoption.

Addepar's design system is at the heart of our product's growth strategy. Built around pillars of consistency, performance, accessibility, and localization, the Addepar Product Language provides a platform for our product teams as they build new features and iterate on existing codebases.

You'll work on growing the depth and breadth of our UI platform. To succeed in that goal, you will work in build systems, Web Components, design token solutions and designer tooling. To understand the challenges and opportunities ahead you'll need to adapt your skills to new frameworks, tools, and codebases.

What You'll Do
Partner with engineers, designers and product owners daily.
Tackle the challenge of building a global product, and a distributed team.
Implement the common building blocks of Addepar's user experience, and support their adoption across the product engineering organization.
Create interfaces that are accessible, that work for a global user base, which perform well, and which deliver a great user experience.
Advocate for best practices and process improvements.
Who You Are
B.S. in Computer Science or similar technical field of study (or equivalent practical experience.)
A year or more experience as a professional software engineer
Strong and demonstrable knowledge of web fundamentals (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
An eagerness to learn new technologies
A passion for building high-quality, high-polish user experiences
A capacity for self-organization and direction
Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills

Our Values

Act Like an Owner - Think and operate with intention, purpose and care. Own outcomes.
Build Together - Collaborate to unlock the best solutions. Deliver lasting value.
Champion Our Clients - Exceed client expectations. Our clients' success is our success.
Drive Innovation - Be bold and unconstrained in problem solving. Transform the industry.
Embrace Learning - Engage our community to broaden our perspective. Bring a growth mindset.

In addition to our core values, Addepar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We seek to bring together diverse ideas, experiences, skill sets, perspectives, backgrounds and identities to drive innovative solutions. We commit to promoting a welcoming environment where inclusion and belonging are held as a shared responsibility.

To ensure the health and safety of all Addepeeps and our prospective candidates, we have instituted a virtual interview and onboarding experience.

Unfortunately, at this time we cannot accept Colorado applicants.
Minimum 2 Year Experience as a Remote Software Developer
JobTracks Caribbean is currently seeking a Remote Software Developer who will support various functions across the enterprise. The ideal candidate must be a strategic thinker with the ability to see the big picture and the impact technology has across the entire organization. They must possess an enthusiasm for consumer facing digital technology and innovation and be able to listen and communicate effectively with both business and technical teams.
Responsibilities of the Remote Software Developer

Develops Web Applications using C#, MVC, Webforms & Entity Framework
Develops/supports T-SQL (e.g. stored procedures, views, functions, etc.)
Remote Software Developer troubleshoots and problem solves development; tracks statuses, and communicates progress effectively to Management
Remote Software Developer works with project managers to define project requirements for specific projects, Remote Software Developer monitors project progress by tracking activity; resolves problems; recommends actions.
Follow SOLID and Clean Code/Clean Architecture principles for development.
Remote Software Developer maintains professional and technical knowledge, through continuous learning, by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; participating in professional societies etc.
Application Developer performs other activities, duties and assignments as needed or requested.
Experience working with SQL or NoSQL databases. Experience with scripting languages and efficient storage and retrieval techniques.
Understanding of and ability to apply mathematical principles such as Big O notation.
Strong written and verbal communications, teamwork, and problem-solving skills.
Self-motivated with a passion for resolving technical problems quickly and in line with platform strategy and vision.
Effective time management, must be able to prioritize and multi-task effectively.
Schwab systems experience required.
Must have a passion for problem-solving, the ability to learn new technologies quickly, and able to interact with all levels of technical and business teams.
Must be a team player and able to work collaboratively across organizations and geographic locations.

Benefits of the Remote Software Developer: 

$70,000 to $100,000 year salary
Overview of Benefits:
Comprehensive Health, Prescription Drug, and Dental Insurance for you and your eligible dependents
Employer Paid Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance
401(k) Savings Plan with Match
Employer Paid Life, Accidental Death & Dismemberment
Paid Holidays per year, Vacation, sick and personal days

Qualifications of Remote Software Developers: 

BS in Computer Science or related technical field.
2+ years of development using a Microsoft technology stack, including .NET and C#.
Strong experience with object oriented programming concepts, including algorithms and data structures.
Strong experience writing unit and integration tests.
Experience working with SQL or NoSQL databases. Experience with scripting languages and efficient storage and retrieval techniques.
Understanding of and ability to apply mathematical principles such as Big O notation.
Strong written and verbal communications, teamwork, and problem-solving skills.
Self-motivated with a passion for resolving technical problems quickly and in line with platform strategy and vision.
Effective time management, must be able to prioritize and multi-task effectively.
Must have a passion for problem-solving, the ability to learn new technologies quickly, and able to interact with all levels of technical and business teams.
Must be a team player and able to work collaboratively across organizations and geographic locations.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus

COVID-19 considerations:Our Client is strictly following all CDC requirements AND suggestions. Our Client is focused on protecting each AND everyone of their employees.
Language:

Spanish (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Ezra's mission is to detect cancer early for everyone. We’ve created a comprehensive way to screen your body for potential cancer that’s fast, accurate, and affordable by leveraging MRI. We’ve detected possible cancer for 13% of our members to date. We’re working towards new AI-based medical technology clearances that will improve the Ezra experience for our members.Your Mission: 
As Ezra’s Senior Software Engineer, Web, you’ll play a unique role as the Growth Team’s primary engineer (reporting to the Director of Engineer) that enables all of Ezra’s sales, marketing, and customer success initiatives. You are responsible for both the back-end & front-end optimization of Ezra.com and for maintaining the architecture of our consumer tech. Our member base is rapidly growing, and the person in this role will have the opportunity to enable that growth with their resourcefulness, teamwork, high EQ, and focus on results.
As Ezra’s Senior Software Engineer, Web, you will: 

Serve as a reliable, go-to resource on the team for web projects, writing maintainable code that can be quickly updated when needed, has a low volume of bugs, and is readable and easily understood by other engineers on the team.
Be self-directed with an ownership mindset, completing work efficiently with minimal intervention from others on the team. Help uncover scope early in order to establish engineering time estimates that guide prioritization decision.
Ensure the most frequently visited parts of our web application are performant, error-free, and aligned with technical SEO best practices.
Work with backend engineers to A|B test new features and UX changes, optimizing for the best outcomes for our users and the business
Implement designs with a high degree of precision and polish
Deploy code to production, maintain visibility on the status of technical requests and client builds as they get deployed, and identify root causes and resolution actions for critical bugs.
Stay up to date on the latest technologies in web development, incorporating those changes which can accelerate our development speed and improve quality.
Keep a pulse on user feedback that comes in via customer support, prioritize bug fixes that have the greatest impact on our members, and advocate for application improvements that solve common user pain points.

Key requirements

5-7 years as a web developer in front-end and back-end web developmentStrong grasp of React, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, CSS, SASS
Experience in implementing or updating API's built using NodeJS.
You have a track record of shipping successful sites (translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code) & guiding their architecture
You can manage the scoping & delivery of site revamps, and measure success
You’re proficient with SEO tools (SEMRush, Ahrefs, Google Search Central)
You’re comfortable with data parsing, data binding, & refactoring HTML
You’re experienced in improving page load times, implementing schema markup, and optimizing web crawling, indexing, and conversion rates
Experience with A/B testing
You’re a team player and effectively communicate complex information to cross-functional teams

What’s in it for you? 
At Ezra, you have the opportunity to be part of our team focused on detecting cancer early for everyone.
You will also have access to benefits such as: 
Stock options
Ability to work remotely with a home office allowanceUnlimited vacationEmployer-paid health, dental and vision plans for you and your familyAnnual free Ezra Full Body for you or a family memberMonthly health and wellness stipend4-month employer-paid paternity leaveAnnual Ezra Summit to a global destinationA great culture
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion:
We’re building a diverse team and inclusive company culture. We are an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Front-end development: 5 years (Required)
CSS: 5 years (Required)
JavaScript: 5 years (Required)
Back-end development: 5 years (Required)
Node.js: 3 years (Required)
React: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Backend Software Engineer

 About Ursa Space Systems
 Ursa Space Systems is building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global intelligence to organizations around the world. Through our SAR/EO/RF satellite network, and data fusion expertise, Ursa Space detects real-time changes in the physical world to expand transparency. Our subscription and custom services enable you to access satellite imagery and analytic results with no geographic, political or weather-related limitations.

 Job Summary
 Ursa is looking for skilled software engineers to join our growing team! We are building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global economic intelligence to organizations around the world. There is a lot of cross-pollination here at Ursa Space. You will have the opportunity to work with a diverse team of highly-skilled developers, working on a variety of projects. There are no egos here - we are looking for the best ideas and are eager to hear your input!
 This position will report directly to the Platform Team Manager.
 The ideal candidate will bring experience in developing and deploying data-driven web service technologies in support of both internal systems and customer-facing applications.

 Job Responsibilities

 Contribute to an agile development team building service-oriented infrastructure to support production and distribution of Ursa product line
 Take proof-of-concept algorithms and analytic designs and generate robust and efficient software implementations to run within a containerized software platform space
 Design and implement efficient, modular, well-documented and well-tested code
 Support the product development team to implement customer requirements
 Learn new technologies
 Participate in design discussions and code reviews
 Communicate effectively and collaborate frequently with peers
 All other duties as assigned


 Requirements

 B.Sc. or M.S. in Computer Science, Information Science, or other engineering discipline in which software development is a focus.


 Preferred Skills
 You should be familiar with some of these - you are not expected to be an expert in all:

 Linux
 Java microservices
 RESTful services
 NoSQL and/or SQL databases (Mongo, MySQL, Redis, Postgres, Athena)
 Cloud services (AWS, Google Cloud Platform)
 Kubernetes, Docker, at-scale deployments
 Understanding of modeling languages (e.g., Python) in order to translate to production level code


 Bonus Qualifications
 Skills we are looking for but are not required

 GPU Analytics and GPU accelerated database technology
 Apache services (Hadoop, Accumulo, ELK Stack, Athena, etc.)
 Security best practices
 Machine learning techniques
 Prior experience deploying image and signal processing algorithms for various sensing modalities, including SAR, electro-optical imagery, RF, or others
 GIS
 Systems architecture
 Networking/Systems Administration


 Location

 We are headquartered in Ithaca, NY and have a remote workforce in other locations.


 We recommend you include:

 Resume
 Cover letter
 Developer portfolio sample
 Code/git portfolio sample
 Any other personal projects you wish to share


 Benefits and Perks
 Competitive Compensation
 Flexible PTO
 Stock Options
 401(k) Match
 Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
 Life Insurance
 Paid Holidays
 And more…

 One of our company values is to empower diversity, equity, and inclusivity. Ursa Space Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
zHqft7UBwG

RStudio creates great software that helps people understand data and make better decisions in real-world applications. Our core offering is an open source data science toolchain, and we aim to make it available to everyone, regardless of their economic means.

You’ll be joining a team of passionate, talented engineers who have a proven track record of producing great software used by hundreds of thousands of data analysts worldwide. You will participate in the full lifecycle of the products from design through support, ensuring its high quality and acting as a customer advocate for the best user experience possible.

Your main tasks will be to design and execute automated and manual tests for all levels of the product, and to develop high-level testing strategies designed to ensure that the team as a whole is working toward the same quality goals. This role involves test strategy creation, full-stack testing, test automation framework development, process improvement, data analysis, and puzzle solving, and it offers a significant opportunity to drive the quality of our software through careful testing and thoughtful analysis.If you insist on unrelenting quality, excel at critical thought, and love working with amazing people, this job could be for you.

In this role, you will join a team working on an education product, RStudio Academy, https://www.rstudio.com/academy/. It is a unique mentor-led, project-based online data science learning platform. You will be responsible for the day-to-day testing of the features implemented by the team, supported by your teammates and the resources of the full QA group. You will work closely with the developers and other QA engineers to design and execute both manual and automated tests for the features implemented by your team, and to drive full-product validation from a user perspective. We value analysis, reflection, and critical thought on the team, so you will be expected to contribute to lively product discussions throughout the development process.

What you’ll own:

Create and maintain a high-level test strategy for the team’s products
Continuous Integration/Testing of feature and full-product test plans
Analyze and troubleshoot complex problems to find contributing factors, and log steps to reproduce in bug reports. Follow up with bug fix verification.
Contribute to the design of the software, with a focus on quality and usability
Collaborate with other QA team members to share knowledge, coordinate coverage, and optimize processes

What you’ll assist with:

Participate in the full SDLC. You will be involved in the initial planning, requirements, design, architecture review, testing, validation, release verification, user experience, and more.
Assess risk and review test plan with key stakeholders in the team to scope testing activities for each release
Collaborate with team members to improve quality-related processes
Manage a variety of test environments for both manual and automated testing, in collaboration with the team
Planning for the future of automated tests and infrastructure
Partner with the support and education teams to triage customer-reported issues

What you’ll teach:

A quality mindset across the team. Everyone on the team owns product quality, and QA helps set the tone of user advocacy.
Evangelize QA best practices to help the team maintain a high quality of testing activities
Industry trends and new technologies related to testing in the cloud

What you’ll learn:

An appreciation for software in the data science context
A deeper understanding of cloud infrastructure and DevOps for build / test / deployment
New skills related to test automation on Linux and cloud platforms

You have:

Experience testing enterprise software, either on-premises or SaaS
Experience testing and writing automated tests for APIs
Experience writing UI automated tests
Experience creating high-level test strategies for multiple products
Experience with load and performance testing
Curiosity and a willingness to learn new technologies
5+ years of experience in software Quality Assurance

About us:

We welcome all talented colleagues and are committed to a culture that represents diversity in all its forms.
We prioritize giving ourselves “focus time” to get deep work done. We minimize meetings and attempt to operate asynchronously.
We are a learning organization and take mentorship and career growth seriously. We hope to learn from you and we anticipate that you will also deepen your skills, influence, and leadership as a result of working at RStudio.
We operate under a unique sustainable business model: We have over 50% of our engineering dedicated to creating free and open source software. We are profitable and we plan to be around decades from now.

Notable:

We offer competitive compensation with extensive human-first, people-focused benefits to prioritize your personal and financial well-being.

100% of medical, dental, and vision insurance premiums are covered for employees and their families! Fertility and gender-affirming healthcare is included in all of our plans.
Supplemental mental health and wellness benefits are available via Ginger even if you don’t opt in to our insurance plans, including Ginger for teen family members.
RStudio’s gender-neutral paid parental leave policy covers all new parents, including foster and adoptive parents.
Our 401k matches up to 50% of the maximum employee contribution after six months.
An annual profit-sharing bonus for employees recognizes our team’s contributions to company performance across the year.
We are a 100% distributed team. You are also welcome to come into our Seattle or Boston offices.
Our remote office allowance includes:
$1000 home office allowance plus an additional $800 for equipment
Up to $400 monthly reimbursement for coworking space rental
We provide a flexible environment with a generous vacation policy that encourages a minimum of four weeks PTO per year plus 13 paid company holidays.

RStudio is committed to being a diverse and inclusive workplace. We encourage applicants of different backgrounds, cultures, genders, experiences, abilities, and perspectives to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical disability, or length of time spent unemployed.

#LI-REMOTE

  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The Indexing team works on Etsy’s infrastructure for information retrieval, powering the foundational layers of search for our marketplace. We work closely with product teams and platform site reliability engineers to deliver a robust and scalable search system to serve our 100+ million listings to our buyers.
 The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture that includes the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and keeping up a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraft.com/
 This role is (eventually) located in one of our Brooklyn or San Francisco offices, or remote within the US & Canada. Etsy offers three different work modes to meet the variety of needs and preferences of our team: Flex mode for candidates who are comfortable traveling to an office location at least 4-6 days per month, Remote mode, and Office-based mode. Learn more about our flexible work modes and vaccination policy here.
 About the Role
 You will do well in this role if you:

 Have experience working in information retrieval technologies, ingest pipelines, and indexing/serving layers
 Have experience with candidate set generation and filtering using a variety of techniques for high level ranking
 Interested in building systems on Rust as we iterate on the next generation of our search engines
 Are a strong communicator and enjoy collaboration with members of the team

 For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.



  Qualifications
   About You

 Experience with Information Retrieval technologies like inverted indexes, ANN.
 Experience with distributed systems.
 Experience with Java and/or Rust.
 Interest in developing distributed systems in Java and Rust.
 You have proven engineering and coding skills, data structure knowledge and ability to write high performance production quality code.
 You have experience working with functional programming languages and Scala
 You are a strong collaborator and communicator and you make the engineers around you grow and learn.

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.



BS or MS in Computer Science or related field
8+ years’ experience building multi-threaded solutions on Linux/Android/iOS/Mac/Win
5+ years' experience developing in C++
5+ years' experience developing voice/video streaming solutions (or LTE, 5g, 4g)
Familiarity with Agile development methodology and tools
Effective communication skills through email, specifications, and design documentation

NICE TO HAVE

Experience with protocols: RTP/RTCP, SIP, H.323
Experience with packet error resilience: RTX/FEC, packet pacing
Contributions to open-source projects. Culture of innovation with patents
Experience building AV capture, AV rendering, screen capture applications
Using Network Emulators. Building scripts / utilities for operational excellence

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $68,495.00 - $180,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Linux/Android/iOS/Mac/Win: 8 years (Preferred)
C++: 8 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Job Brief
The Software Developer will work in all aspects of software development, from overall architecture to day-to-day maintenance and participating in sprint/development cycles with the team. Responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team. Ultimately, you’ll build highly responsive applications that aligns with our customers business needs. You'll have the opportunity to use a wide range of technologies including Python, JavaScript, Docker, PostgreSQL, 3rd party API integrations, Git and more.
Summary
Python Developer responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team.
Ultimately, you’ll build highly responsive applications that align with our business needs.
Collaborate with existing team: receive acceptance criteria from product team, accept direction from architecture team, work closely with quality team, and deliver features for the product.
Basic Qualifications

3+ years of information technology experience
Bachelor’s Degree in CS, MIS or a related field
Excellent verbal communication skills
Solid knowledge of Python 3 years +, ver. 3x preferred
Knowledge of SQL and stored functions
Knowledge of Django or other Python web framework
Some knowledge of Docker and Kubernetes is preferred
Some knowledge of RabbitMQ/Redis, or other pkg for task workflow
Experience working with a geographically dispersed team of developers.
Ability to present technical information to various audiences
Experience building data intensive REST based applications
Work within and across teams to provide software solutions for our customers
Participate in all aspects and ceremonies associated with Agile development
Determine complexity level of a story in a Sprint/Development cycle
Communicate with Project Managers on current project status
Build scalable software through architecture discussions with the team
Familiarity with JavasScript libraries such as React.js
Apply test-driven development
Manage work using JIRA, including tasks, bugs, estimates and actuals
Have familiarity with continuous integration and deployment concepts.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $93,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 3 years (Preferred)
Python: 3 years (Preferred)
Git: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
71031BR
Technology & Engineering
Operations & Technology
Responsibilities
INTRODUCTION:
At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us.

ABOUT THE ROLE:
We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer to join the Enterprise Applications engineering organization as a senior developer on an agile software engineering team that creates and maintains multiple full-stack, cloud-based applications that are critical to NBCUniversal. We are creating an amazing engineering culture within NBCUniversal, and this is a great opportunity to play a key role in making that happen. We need to be agile, innovative, and creative. We need to automate everything. We need to create intuitive user experiences. We need to create APIs that securely share data with other areas. And we need to fully utilize public cloud services to make it all happen. Sound like you? Come join our team!
Qualifications/Requirements
REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience5+ years of experience working in software engineering organizations3+ years of experience in web programming and JavaScript based frameworksProficiency with web programming using HTML5/CSS3 and JavaScript based frameworks such as Angular, Node, React, or similarProficiency with object-oriented programming techniques and languagesExperience with developing application backends and APIs using C#, Java, Python, or similar object-oriented languageGood understanding and experience with RDBMS databases such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, or similarKnowledge/experience with containerizing and managing applications using Docker, Kubernetes, or similarFamiliarity with Continuous Development / Continuous Integration (CI/CD) processesKnowledge with AWS services like S3, Lambda, DynamoDB, ECS, etc.
Sub-Business
Engineering
Career Level
Experienced
City
Remote
State/Province
Remote
Country
United States
About Us
NBCUniversal owns and operates over 20 different businesses across 30 countries including a valuable portfolio of news and entertainment television networks, a premier motion picture company, significant television production operations, a leading television stations group, world-renowned theme parks and a premium ad-supported streaming service.

Here you can be your authentic self. As a company uniquely positioned to educate, entertain and empower through our platforms, Comcast NBCUniversal stands for including everyone. We strive to foster a diverse and inclusive culture where our employees feel supported, embraced and heard. We believe that our workforce should represent the communities we live in, so that together, we can continue to create and deliver content that reflects the current and ever-changing face of the world. Click here to learn more about Comcast NBCUniversal’s commitment and how we are making an impact.
Notices
NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.

NBCUniversal is an equal opportunity employer and will provide reasonable accommodations as required by applicable federal, state, and/or local laws.

  Overview: 
  
    As the 
   Sr Software Engineer, you will be working independently or leads teams of 2-4 people responsible for application design, development, testing, and problem resolution work teams with significant autonomy and independence. The scope of work includes small system enhancements to major system projects. As an experienced developer and a beginning technical leader the position receives regular mentoring, feedback, and supervision by senior technical staff and management on team leadership skills.
  


 Applications may include custom developed software, commercial packaged software, or open-source software. Software may consist of on premise applications, cloud-based software and services, hybrid configurations, integration tools, or business workflow tools.
  


 This position has the ability to work remotely in any of the 40+ States in which TDS Telecom operates.
  


 This position can be hired at either a Sr Software Engineer or Lead Software Engineer depending on the skills and qualifications of the candidate. Different job postings exist for each of these positions. Please reference each job posting for the minimum qualifications required for each role.
   Responsibilities: 
  
Leads teams of 2-4 people that develop, test, and fix defects in application software.
 Leads the preparation of overall application software designs at the system level.
 Leads work teams in preparing work estimates and project schedules for all technical work for the projects within the team.
 Leads work teams in resolving complex problems that usually are limited to one system.
 Maintains expert knowledge on the systems and tools within the scope of the team's responsibility. Maintains expert knowledge of the business processes supported by the systems. Maintains expert-level knowledge of software development best practices, tools, and methodologies that are recognized throughout Information Systems.
 Leads teams focused on quality and continuous improvement initiatives across business units within the company.
 Maintains expert knowledge of the technologies and practices of the company's chosen markets. Maintains awareness of trends in technologies and vendor product offerings.
 Qualifications: 
  
 Required Qualifications


 Associate's degree (or higher) –OR- 2+ years professional work experience.
 3+ years experience in software development or testing.


 Other Qualifications


 Knowledge of software development methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of project management methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of one more programming languages used by the team.
 Knowledge of software testing practices and tools.
 Knowledge of problem solving techniques and tools.
 Ability to travel as needed for company business and professional development.
 Ability to work nights and weekends as needed for system implementations and resolving system problems.
 Knowledge of business analysis practices and business process modeling.
 Knowledge of quality management and quality improvement practices.
 Knowledge of team leadership skills, practices, and behaviors.


 Benefits


    As a part of your total compensation, #TDS provides a comprehensive, competitive benefit package. This benefit plan addresses both the immediate and long-term needs that you and your family may have. For an overview of what we have to offer for full-time employees including vacation, health benefits, and retirement options, please click here.
  


 At TDS, we embrace Equal Employment Opportunity by valuing our differences and consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by law. To learn about our diversity & inclusion philosophy and culture, click here!
  



About Invoca
 As an enterprise software company, Invoca serves companies at the intersection of customer experience, digital marketing, and Conversation Intelligence. We believe that "the human touch" plays an important role in how brands resonate with consumers, and our technology helps brands make the most of these moments of truth. With over 300 employees, more than 2,000 customers, and crossing $100M in revenue, there are tremendous opportunities to continue growing the business. We are building an outstanding SaaS company, having raised $116 million from Accel, Upfront Ventures, Salesforce Ventures, Morgan Stanley, and H.I.G. Growth Partners.
 At Invoca, we live by our four core values:

Figure it Out: we take ownership of our work and are given the freedom to blaze our own trails.
Help Each Other Thrive: we foster an inclusive and humble culture that allows us to build value for both our customers and our people.
Continuous Improvement: we challenge the status quo every day to develop creative solutions that make our products better and our customers more successful
Light the Customer's Way: we don't just sell a product or turn on a service; we are partners and trusted advisors who support and invest in our customers and their success.

Senior Software Engineer I
 If you're interested in joining us, but don't tick every box, we still encourage you to apply! We're building a diverse team whose skills, experiences, and background complement one another.
 About the Engineering Team
 You will join a team where everyone, including you, is striving to constantly improve their knowledge of software development tools and practices. You will report to the Senior Manager, Software Engineering. We are a supportive team who swarms when problems arise and gives great feedback to help each other grow. Working on our close-knit, cross-functional teams is a great chance to share and grow your knowledge of different domains from databases to front ends to telephony and everything in between.
 We are passionate about many things: continuous improvement, working at a brisk but sustainable pace, writing resilient code, maintaining production reliability, paying down technical debt, hiring fantastic teammates; and we love to share these passions with each other.
 Learn more about the Invoca development team on our blog at blog and check out our open source projects at open source projects.
 This role is a remote-friendly position.
 What you will do:

Write high-quality code
Operate independently on complex tasks
Have end-to-end responsibility for projects of increasing complexity
Identify and suggest areas of future work with supporting evidence
Identify and mitigate risk in the development cycle, from ideation to delivery
Keep leaders up-to-date on progress, blockers and potential surprises (both positive and negative)
Diagnose the root cause of problems in your team's service area
Communicate on production issues, write actionable tickets without prompting, and quickly fix or delegate them
Use logic and reason to build cases for ideas, backed up by qualitative and quantitative evidence

What are we looking for:

Experience (or interest) in some of our primary technologies: Ruby on Rails (or similar), MySQL/PostgreSQL, and HTML/CSS/JavaScript
Proficiency at removing roadblocks for complex tasks
Awareness of industry best practices and trends
Competence in several skills apart from pure coding, such as monitoring, performance optimization, integration testing, security or, visual design

Salary, Benefits and Perks:
 Teammates are eligible to begin receiving benefits on the first day of the month following or coinciding with one month of continuous employment. Below are some of our offerings:

Paid Time Off - Invoca encourages a work-life balance for our employees. We have an outstanding PTO policy, starting at 20 days off, for all full-time employees. We also offer 15 paid holidays, 10 days compassionate leave, 3 days volunteer time and more.
Healthcare - Invoca offers a health care program that includes medical, dental and vision coverage. There are multiple plan options to choose from so you can make the best choice for yourself, partner and family.
Retirement - Invoca offers a 401(k) plan through Fidelity with a company match of up to 4%.
Stock options - All employees are invited to ownership in Invoca through stock options.
Employee Assistance Program - Invoca offers well-being support on issues ranging from personal matters to everyday life topics through the WorkLifeMatters program.
Paid Family Leave - Invoca offers up to six weeks 100% paid leave for baby bonding, adoption, and caring for family members
Paid Medical Leave - Invoca offers up to twelve weeks 100% paid leave for childbirth and medical need
Sabbatical - We thank our long-term team members with an additional week of PTO along with a bonus after 7 years of service.
Wellness Subsidy - In further support of your well-being, Invoca provides a wellness subsidy that can be applied to a gym membership, fitness classes and more.
Position Base Range - $116,500.00-$162,800.00 / year, plus bonus potential.

Please note, per Invoca's Covid-19 policy, depending on your vaccine status, you may be required to work only from home / remotely. At this time, some travel and in-person meetings may require proof of vaccination. This policy is regularly reviewed and subject to change at any time.
 DEI Statement
 "Our company is committed to creating a culture that is not only grounded in continuous learning, teamwork, and customer success, but is fair, equitable, and welcoming for everyone." - Gregg Johnson, CEO
 And to us, diversity, equity and inclusion means more than treating current employees well and making them feel welcome. It also means hiring people who bring different insights because of their unique demographics, ways of thinking, and prior experiences.
 We intend to continue hiring great people and protecting our culture so everyone can be themselves and speak their minds. That way Invoca will always be a place filled with laughter, positivity, thoughtfulness and respect.
 We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.


- experience with React.JS- experience with GraphQL- big plus, but not required: experience with SEO, AWS, or coming out of a Retail / eCommerce company
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $55.00 - $65.00 per hour
Application Question(s):

Do you have experience in Retail / eCommerce company ?

Experience:

React JS / GraphQL: 7 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Greetings from Intelent!
We Intelent, is searching for qualified candidates for a Software Engineer role with one of our top clients based in Memphis, TN.
Job Title: Software Engineer BIDI
Location: Memphis, TN or Remote
Job Description: 
Experience

Background with enterprise data management systems, both on prem and cloud based
Experience with business intelligence tools and data warehouses
Experience with SQL and Python programming languages
Exposure to Info Security practices
Privacy experience is a plus

Job Functions

Perform administrative functions for enterprise data management tools
Coordinate with infrastructure teams to stand up new services and provision assets
Write and edit SQL code
Write and edit Python code
Perform QA and Testing tasks to ensure quality software is deployed
Work in an Agile environment to accomplish team goals for the Mission of St. Jude

Regards,
Sneha Khandelwal
INTELENT
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Enterprise data management: 2 years (Preferred)
SQL: 2 years (Preferred)
Python: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Associate Software Developer in TestNav’s responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Provide development work primarily using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
Utilize other development languages as appropriate.
Write automation testing scripts and debug issues
Participate in all stages of software development, including planning, requirements analysis, design, implementation, test, and maintenance.
Understand and perform basic analysis of previously written software and be able to modify and maintain the code.
Help create an environment of collaboration and world-class software engineering practices.
Participate in reviews of own work and work of colleagues – employee’s code will be reviewed, and employee will be happy to review others' work.
Perform development tasks with a high level of quality, and within scheduled time frames.
Sense of ownership and pride in performance and its impact on the company’s success.
EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE:
Requires a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or Software Engineering, or related field, or foreign equivalent, or equivalent;
Experience with Object-Oriented and MVC programming.
Experience using and developing service-oriented applications and web services (RESTful API).
Knowledge of Linux platforms.
Knowledge of agile software development practices.
Experience interfacing with user experience designers and providing technical feedback to influence/inform design.
Experience with technologies like JavaScript, jQuery, Backbone, HTML, and CSS.
Knowledge of Java and J2EE is a plus.
Experience with problem-solving, analysis, design, and testing.
Experience working in a team environment.
Research experience required.
As required by the Colorado Equal Pay Transparency Act, Pearson provides a reasonable range of minimum compensation for roles that may be hired in Colorado. Actual compensation is influenced by a wide array of factors including but not limited to skill set, level of experience, and specific office location. For the state of Colorado only, the range of starting pay for this role is $60,000-75,000. This position is eligible to participate in an annual incentive program, and information on benefits offered is here.
Learning is the most powerful force for change in the world. More than 20,000 Pearson employees deliver our products and services in nearly 200 countries, all working towards a common purpose – to help everyone achieve their potential through learning. We do that by providing high quality, digital content and learning experiences, as well as assessments and qualifications that help people build their skills and grow with the world around them. We are the world’s leading learning company. Learn more at pearsonplc.com.
Pearson believes that wherever learning flourishes, so do people. We are committed to being an anti-racist company in everything we do. We value the power of an inclusive culture and a strong sense of belonging. We promote a culture where differences are embraced, opportunities are accessible, consideration and respect are the norm, and all individuals are supported in reaching their full potential. Through our talent, we believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion make us a more innovative and vibrant place to work. People are at the center, and we are committed to a sustainable environment and workplace where talent can learn, grow, and thrive.
To learn more about Pearson’s commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce, please click here: http://www.pearson.com/careers/diversity-and-inclusion.html
Pearson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and a member of E-Verify. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other group protected by law.
Job: TECHNOLOGY
Organization: Assessment & Qualifications
Schedule: FULL\_TIME
Req ID: 5191


   A BIT ABOUT US
  

    Lever's vision is connecting human potential to meaningful work. Hiring is the most strategic challenge that every company faces, and Lever is one of the most recognized brands in talent acquisition software. As the innovation leader in our space, we are searching for great people to join us and push further.
  


 We are proud of the company we’ve built so far, but we are even more excited for what is yet to come. Our 5000+ customers include global leaders, startups that are disrupting industries, and businesses around the world. Lever has raised $123 million in funding, most recently a $50M Series D in November 2021.
  


 With an overall gender ratio of 50:50 women and men, Lever is also fiercely committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. We have been certified as a “Great Place to Work”, along with “Best Company Outlook 2022,” and “Forbes Best Startup Employers 2022,” and the list keeps growing! Our people are Lever’s biggest competitive advantage. For more information on our team culture, visit https://inside.lever.co/.
  



    THE OPPORTUNITY
  

    As a Software Engineer, you’ll help us build out our core product by developing high-impact, user-facing features. In our growing engineering organization, you’ll be developing and shipping new features and updates to Lever’s product. You’ll be learning about our real-time web stack UI frameworks that help us deliver a beautiful and high quality solution to our customers. You’ll work collaboratively with product managers and designers to drive the implementation and release of major features, and be a champion of best practices for writing well-tested, well-organized code.
  



    You’ll become familiar with all parts of our stack from end to end. You’ll design and implement your features to be scalable and resilient. That might include challenges like the complexities of a real-time, single-page web application, scaling backend services under high load, and developing search algorithms to enable unique features. You’ll be a driver for positive change to Lever’s engineering culture, processes and technology.
  



    THE TEAM
  

    You’ll join a team where everyone—including you—is striving to constantly improve their knowledge of infrastructure, systems, and cares about minimizing downtime. We are an incredibly supportive team–we love to pitch in when problems arise and give great peer feedback to help each other grow. We are passionate about lots of things-automation, friendly chat bots, creating a great hiring experience, and a great user experience-and we love sharing those passions with each other.
  



    Read about what our team values and why here.
  



    THE TECH STACK
  

    Lever uses our own open source MVC framework called Derby that syncs all data via Operational Transformation (the algorithm behind Google Docs). OT is the way we handle concurrency conflicts for any piece of data that is edited at the same time. In addition to real-time sync, OT allows us to provide a smoother UI since we can render updates on the client instantly without waiting for our backend to respond, while still guaranteeing consistency.
  



    Lever makes extensive use of AWS, Docker, Node, Mongo, ElasticSearch, and Redis within our infrastructure. We use tools like Hubot to streamline deployments and Grafana to see what’s going on under the hood. In addition to automating all the things, we love to version them too! Our systems are all created using Terraform and Chef, working together to ensure consistency at all costs.
  



    Read more about The Lever Tech Stack from our Software Engineer, Eric Hwang.
  



    Learn more about Lever’s interview process and read about what our engineering has been up to on our engineering team blog.
  


 THE SKILL SET

 3+ years of experience as a Software Engineer in a tech company with a track record of delivering software with high business impact
 Exposure to mentorship or technical leadership responsibilities
 Experience with Scrum or other agile development
 Experience building enterprise software preferred

 WITHIN 1 MONTH, YOU'LL

 Complete Ramp Camp, Lever’s company-wide onboarding program. You’ll meet other new Leveroos in your cohort, and learn the nuts and bolts of the business, our history, and where we’re going.
 You'll also complete your Starter Project, designed to help you build bridges with other Leveroos and positively contribute to your team’s processes and knowledge
 Tackle your first ticket!
 Dive into Lever’s technology by pair-programming with your teammates and attending engineering training sessions designed and presented by your peers.

 WITHIN 3 MONTHS, YOU'LL

 Learn Lever’s technical stack and apply development patterns through your work.
 Participate in Lever’s product development process and ship your first feature to customers.
 Engage in your first on-call rotation in Support Engineering to help diagnose and resolve production problems and customer issues.
 Write internal documentation for your features and systems so other engineers and stakeholders are brought along with your decisions.

 WITHIN 6 MONTHS, YOU'LL

 Build, launch, and support your first big feature. You’ll partner cross-functionally with Product and Design and focus on keeping your stakeholders apprised of progress and updates.
 Have made a visible impact on the product for all the users of Lever.
 Own major feature areas of the application.
 Be comfortable navigating most of our stack and infrastructure.
 Be responsible for the planning, scoping, design, and implementation of new features.

 WITHIN 12 MONTHS, YOU'LL

 Individually contribute and lead teams to reliably ship full features to customers.
 Own major product areas and take features from mock to deploy.
 Estimate technical scope and time to complete major features and initiatives.
 Help grow other engineers technically by mentoring, pairing and developing other learning opportunities.
 Collaborate with engineering and product leadership to define priorities and set delivery goals.
 Participate in interviewing and hiring, as a way to influence team growth and how our values inform our culture.


    IS THIS ROLE NOT AN EXACT FIT?
  

    Sign up to stay in touch, we'll let you know when we have new positions on the team.
  


 THE LEVER STORY
  

    Lever is a leading Talent Acquisition Suite that makes it easy for talent teams to reach their hiring goals and to connect companies with top talent. Lever is the only platform that provides all talent acquisition leaders with complete ATS and robust CRM capabilities in one product, LeverTRM. The Lever Hire and Lever Nurture features allow leaders to scale and grow their people pipeline, build authentic and long-lasting relationships, and source the right people to hire. Lever Analytics provides customized reports with data visualization, see offers completed and interview feedback, and more, to inform strategic decisions between hiring managers and executives alike.
  


 Our platform also enables companies to hire with inclusivity in mind, helping eliminate any hiring bias. Lever supports the hiring needs of more than 4,500 companies around the globe including the teams at Netflix, Spotify, Atlassian, KPMG, and Nielson. For more information, visit https://www.lever.co.
  


 California residents applying for positions at Lever can see our privacy policy here. 
  

   #LI-JC1 #LI-REMOTE #BI-REMOTE
  

Remote ( US )
With our growing customer base and our expansion into new markets and use cases, we have more to build than ever at Affinity as we execute on our vision to put relationship intelligence at every professional's fingertips.

We are looking for enthusiastic candidates with enough critical thinking and outstanding abilities for self-guided learning. As we scale, we're looking for our first Software Engineer in Test who is passionate about quality and automation to join our rapidly growing team within Affinity.

In this role, you will be responsible for building automation test frameworks from scratch, implementing, maintaining automation solutions, monitoring, analyzing, and reporting test automation results. You’ll have the opportunity to own the entire product or an app lifecycle by identifying the right toolset and building cost-effective and seamless integration strategies. The ideal candidate will be highly technical, detail-oriented, creative, motivated and focused on achieving results.

What you’ll be doing:

Design, develop and deliver automated test framework for functional and integration test cases.
Identify areas to build automation strategies and framework.
Create, maintain, and enhance CI/CD pipelines and capabilities.
Collaborate with Developers, Infrastructure/DevOps, Product Owners to ensure the highest quality of the product by implementing automation-focused solutions.
Champion for quality in all aspects of our product.

Qualifications

Required:

5+ years of experience in software test automation, building tools, and test framework development.
You had the opportunity of building test automation frameworks from scratch.
Demonstrated experience with automated API & UI test frameworks.(e.g. Selenium, Cypress etc.).
Good working knowledge with CI/CD and continuous testing approach.
Good understanding of modern best practices for software development like design patterns, code reusability, extensibility, and maintainability.
Strong experience in at least one of the following languages Ruby, Python, JAVA, Groovy, Go Lang, SQL.
Experience working with AWS, Docker, ELK Stack.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent.
Problem-solving coupled with a desire to learn, explore and innovate.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
You’re eager to contribute your ideas and experiences to help Affinity continuously improve as a product and as a company.

Nice to have:

Curious to learn and adapt to a fast-moving environment.
Experience in Zoom native app automation and chrome extensions.

What you'll enjoy at Affinity

We live our values as playmakers who are obsessed with learning, care personally about our colleagues and clients, are radically open-minded, and take pride in everything we do.
We pay your medical, dental, and vision insurance with comprehensive PPO and HMO plans. And provide flexible personal & sick days. We want our team to be happy and healthy :)
We offer a 401k plan to help you plan for retirement.
We provide an annual budget for you to spend on education and offer a comprehensive L&D program – after all, one of our core values is that we’re #obsessedwithlearning!
We support our employee’s overall health and well-being and reimburse monthly for things such as; Transportation, Home Internet, Meals, and Wellness memberships/equipment.
Virtual team building and socials. Keeping people connected is essential.

About Affinity

We are passionate about helping dealmakers in the world’s biggest relationship-driven industries to find, manage, and close the most important deals. Our Relationship Intelligence platform uses the data exhaust of trillions of interactions between Investment Bankers, Venture Capitalists, Consultants, and other strategic dealmakers with their networks to deliver automated relationship insights that drive over 450,000 deals every month. We have raised over $120M and are backed by some of Silicon Valley’s best firms. With over 1700 customers in 70 countries on our platform, a 4.8 Star Glassdoor rating and being ranked in the Inc. 5000 fastest growing companies, we need more great people to help us scale even more.

The more diverse our team is, the more we’ll be able to learn from each other, and the better our company and our product will be. Whatever your gender, race, sexual orientation, religion, age, veteran status, favorite Spotify playlist, or social, cultural, and economic background, we can’t wait to welcome you to Affinity!Who We Are:
Cimpress Technology develops cutting-edge, best-in-world software that our mass customization businesses use to create personalized products for over 17 million global customers. Our Mass Customization Platform is comprised of modular, multi-tenant services. Our businesses can choose the solutions that work for them, or assemble any custom combination they need. This makes it easier and faster to do things like introduce new products, reach customers and track orders. And this kind of innovation keeps customers coming back. Just last year, Cimpress generated $2.88B in revenue through customized print products, signage, apparel, packaging and more.
We encourage our engineers to think like an owner – to continue to act small as we grow. Every team defines their own roadmaps, and uses the programming languages and technologies that suit them best. This helps us have a big impact at the enterprise level while still feeling small and nimble.
As a Junior Software Engineer in the Manufacturing Information Systems Tribe, you will join a team focused on building capabilities to support manufacturing plants. The squad you will be joining is full-stack - owning an array of services deployed both in the plants and on AWS and various front-end tools & components. We are looking for engineers who are eager to work at all levels of the stack. If you aren't familiar with all levels, don't worry - there will be plenty of learning opportunities available!
The Press Integration team writes software that enables Cimpress businesses to use the equipment they’ve purchased to produce customer orders. We write UIs and backend services that Cimpress team members use to operate these pieces of equipment as well as software that integrates directly with the hardware to produce orders.
What You Will Do:
Hands-on contributions to design, build, and maintain services and customer front ends.
Collaborate closely with product owners and UX to overcome complex challenges with innovative technical solutions
Design RESTful APIs to help power eCommerce businesses across the world
Continually deploy new code on CI/CD Pipelines
Architect solutions alongside a highly collaborative team of engineers
Utilize cutting edge data management technologies
Use open source projects available while contributing and participating in the open source community

Your Qualifications:
At Cimpress, we value the experiences that individual team members add to our culture. Please don't hesitate to apply even if you don't meet the exact qualifications, we look forward to learning more about you!
1+ years of experience with Javascript and/or C#, .NET Core, microservices architecture and RESTful API design
Expertise in SQL, database design and query optimization.
Experience working with the AWS ecosystem - Lambda, EBS, API Gateway
Experience developing web UIs with React, Redux, Webpack, and CSS Preprocessors
Code Deployment experience on CI/CD pipelines

Nice to Have:
Experience in agile environments
Diverse technical background with a focus on full-stack technologies
Proven track record of engineering excellence including continuous delivery of high quality, massively scaled, innovative software

Why You'll Love Working Here:
Being at Cimpress means that you don’t see work as just a building, a desk or a manufacturing floor. You see it as a chance to take a step forward in your career journey – and your life. We strive to give you everything you need to learn, grow, and succeed. Through innovation, collaboration, and perpetual exposure to what’s next, we’re always pushing boundaries and broadening our horizons. We embrace the chance to operate outside of our comfort zone to discover what we’re capable of. Some might call that a challenge; we just call it another great day at work.
We're Remote-First:
In 2020, Cimpress adopted a Remote-First operating model and culture. We heard from our team members that having the freedom, autonomy and trust in each other to work from home and, the ability to operate when they are most productive, empowers them to be their best. Cimpress also provides collaboration spaces for team members to work physically together when it's safe to do so and when in-person collaboration will deliver the best results. Currently we are enabled to hire remote team members in over 30 US States as well as several countries in Europe, including Spain, Germany, UK, Czech Republic, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
About Us:
Led by founder and CEO Robert Keane, Cimpress invests in and helps build customer-focused, entrepreneurial mass customization businesses. Through the personalized physical (and digital) products these companies create, we empower over 17 million global customers to make an impression. Last year, Cimpress generated $2.88B in revenue through customized print products, signage, apparel, packaging and more. The Cimpress family includes a dynamic, international group of businesses and central teams, all working to solve problems, build businesses, innovate and improve.
Equal Opportunity Employer:
Cimpress Tech, a Cimpress company, is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national or ethnic origin, nationality, age, religion, citizenship, disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender presentation, legal or preferred name, marital status, pregnancy, family structure, veteran status or any other basis protected by human rights laws or regulations. This list is not exhaustive and, in fact, in many cases, we strive to do more than the law requires.
#LI-LR1

Around since 1994, Arise Virtual Solutions Inc. has created a disruptive technology platform that connects the world’s biggest brands with the largest network of gig-economy Service Partners in the BPO industry. Owned by Warburg Pincus, one of the world’s largest Private Equity Firms, Arise is the work-from-home pioneer and now the CX Transformation trailblazer. We are changing the way the world WORKS with every major brand that we support. Come be a part of the revolution as a regular-full-time employee of Arise Virtual Solutions! 
Our Core Values: 
Relentlessly Pursue Excellence
Empower People & Partners 
Make a Difference
No Boundaries
Embrace Possibilities
Our Application Development team at Arise is looking for a Software Engineer who will report into the VP of Applications Development and help develop software applications to support the growth of Arise. The ideal candidate is technically strong with a willingness to share that experience through mentorship, and excited to take on new software engineering challenges. This is your opportunity to join the Application Development team and leave your mark on Arise and the booming gig-economy. 
What you will take on:

Gain an understanding of Arise business
Gain an understanding of current Arise technology
Work with Product Team and stakeholders to turn business requirements into clearly defined technical specifications
Work on new features and address defects
Document each aspect of a system or application as a reference for future upgrades and maintenance

Our new team member will need:

Experience with C# 
Experience with JavaScript and React
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities
Experience with test-driven development and automated testing frameworks.
Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies.
Familiarity with Microsoft Dynamics is a plus
Familiarity with Mulesoft is a plus

Competitive Compensation and Benefits which include:

Joining a diverse group of awesome individuals Making a Difference every day
~70% of your Health/ Dental/ Vision/ Flex Spending Benefits paid by Arise
401k – 40% match starting on day 1 
Tuition Reimbursement of $4,000 each year! 
Generous PTO Plan starting from day 1
9 holidays and 1 Diversity Day 
Maternity & Paternity Paid Leave
Life and Disability Insurance 100% paid by Arise
Work hard AND have FUN! We play a lot at Arise. 

When smart creative and passionate people get together, the results are astounding and the opportunities limitless! Achieve your potential at Arise.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: equal opportunity employer M/F/D/V

Engineering
Mobile
About Talk
Location
Atlanta or Remote Americas
Job type
Permanent
Spotify is a global community of over 250 million music fans, artists, and now podcasters. It's always been our mission to make audio more accessible for everyone, and create innovative ways for creators and fans to connect with each other.
The Talk Vertical is the team within Spotify responsible for building the best tools for audio creators. We have three platforms that help us deliver a great creator experience: Anchor (the platform that allows you to create, distribute, monetize, and grow a podcast, all for free), Spotify for Podcasters (the platform that makes it easy to understand and engage with your listeners on Spotify, and Greenroom (the platform that allows anyone to stream or listen to live audio).
We've done a lot already, and we have no plans of slowing down. Come help us build the future of audio creation!
What You'll do:
Help build the Anchor iOS App
Prototype and develop new application features of all kinds, from creation tools to listening and sharing functionality
Write bug-free code that runs quickly and is performant in all conditions
Ensure the performance and quality of the Anchor iOS app
Implement features based on both wireframes and completed designs
Accurately estimate difficulty and time of work for projects
See large, often complex projects through from conception to launch
Keep code maintainable through extensive documentation and automated tests
Who you are:
You have at least 2+ years of experience building iOS apps
One or more iOS apps you have worked on is in the App Store
You have a background working with Swift
Familiar with application profiling tools and are able to explain bottlenecks and issues found
You have a strong foundation in object-oriented programming, data structures, and design patterns
Experienced architecting and developing clean, reusable code
You are familiar with git
You care about the user experience of the products you work on, not only the functionality
You have the ability to try things and iterate very quickly
An excellent written and verbal communicator
You possess a persistent/driven work ethic and a willingness to try anything and everything
You are interested in podcasts, radio, or audio in general
You work well with cross-functional teams
Where you'll be:
We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!
Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the Americas region in which we have a work location and is within working hours
Working hours? We operate within the Eastern Standard time zone for collaboration and ask that all be located that time zone
Prefer an office to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about about our Work From Anywhere options here.
Our global benefits
Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse.
Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success.
Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents.
All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub.
Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs.
Spotify On Tour, join your colleagues on trips to industry festivals and events.
Learn about life at Spotify
Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service.
Global COVID and Vaccination Disclosure
Spotify is committed to safety and well-being of our employees, vendors and clients. We are following regional guidelines mandating vaccination and testing requirements, including those requiring vaccinations and testing for in-person roles and event attendance. For the US, we have mandated that all employees and contractors be fully vaccinated in order to work in our offices and externally with any third-parties. For all other locations, we strongly encourage our employees to get vaccinated and also follow local COVID and safety protocols.

The Position:
 Do you dream about creating a more sustainable future? At Uplight, we are motivating energy users and providers to accelerate the clean energy ecosystem. We’re working with over 90 of the world’s leading electric and gas utilities to provide a personalized end-to-end customer energy experience that helps meet and accelerate carbon reduction goals. We are a certified B Corp, enabling us to put our values into action by not only making decisions for the benefit of our shareholders, but also for our customers, environment, employees, and community.
 We are seeking a Software Engineering Manager to join our team and help us achieve our ambitious goals for our business and for the planet.
 We will consider this role for continued remote work with some work/travel to our offices in Denver, Boulder, Boston, Chicago or Vancouver.
 What you get to do:
 We are searching for a disciplined Software Engineering Manager who is passionate about changing the way millions of people save energy. You’ll work within the Engineering Squad to build and improve our engineering teams to deliver flexible and creative solutions to our utility partners and end users. You’ll be a part of mentoring, coaching, and sponsoring a talented and passionate set of developers who work to deliver a compelling experience to users across our platforms. And you’ll work with a great team of peers with excellent benefits.
 You should:

 Be excited to work with talented, committed people in a fast-paced environment.
 Be passionate about energy consumption and making a difference in the world.
 Love managing teams - some of your proudest moments involve 1:1s and championing the growth of others.
 Be capable of prioritizing your work to adhere to a deliverable schedule and ensure successful delivery that exceeds expectations.
 Be ready, able, and willing to jump onto a call with a partner or customer to help solve problems.
 Have strong empathy and employ resilient management techniques.
 Not be afraid to dig into hard problems, and enjoy giving feedback and reflections to your direct reports.

 What you bring to Uplight:

 You are an experienced Engineering Manager - you ideally have 3-7 years of professional experience.
 An ability to mentor, coach, and sponsor your direct reports; an ability to shift between these management modes.
 Prioritizes psychological safety; your team achieves a healthy level of engagement.
 A commitment to curiosity over a commitment to being right.
 The ability to balance achieving business goals with sustainable development practices.
 You are able to weigh several and often conflicting constraints and make rapid decisions in a fast-moving and quickly-growing company.
 An ability to develop relationships across the organization in support of efficient delivery of work.
 The ability to manage up, down, and across a set of smart, passionate professionals.
 You possess exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
 You are highly organized. With many people doing many things in a fast-moving company, strong organizational skills—both for yourself and for the team—will be required.
 Committed to high quality and high value results, negotiates what’s best for Uplight.

 Bonus Points:

 Experience with growing teams and managing through change.
 Familiarity with resilient management techniques and conscious leadership.
 Solid experience with a growth stage software company.
 Excellent presence and public speaking skills.
 Experience using Objectives and Key Results to drive focus on the most important work.
 A desire to teach and facilitate continued learning amongst your management peer group.

 What Makes Working at Uplight Amazing:
 In addition to all the standard medical and dental benefits, that kick in Day 1, we are:

 Proud to be over 500+ purpose-driven individuals helping to create a more sustainable planet.
 Committed to the environment, our employees, and our communities.
 Focused on career growth by following defined career ladders.
 Committed to taking our work and mission seriously and….we love to laugh!

 We also provide:

 401k Match
 Medical, vision, and dental insurance
 Monthly wellness stipend
 Peer to peer recognition program
 Management by objectives bonus plan
 Innovative flexible time off
 Exceptionally collaborative and cool office spaces (once we reopen them)

 Salary Range: $150,000 to $180,000
 In accordance with the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, the approximate annual base compensation range is listed above. The actual offer, reflecting the total compensation package and benefits, will be determined by a number of factors including the applicant's experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity.
 Uplight provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race (including hair texture and hairstyles), color, religion (including head coverings), age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws



About SportsRecruits
 SportsRecruits is the platform that provides clubs, student-athletes and their families access to every college coach in the country. Club and high school organizations use our platform to empower their student-athletes in the recruiting process and oversee their efforts and communication with complete transparency. Connections made on the platform have resulted in commitments to the best academic and athletic institutions across the country.

 SportsRecruits is an equal opportunity employer and embraces diversity and equal opportunity on our team. Just like the student-athletes we support, we are trying to get better and stronger as a team everyday. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We truly believe that the more inclusive our team is, the better we can serve all student-athletes, as well as their families and coaches, who are pursuing their dreams.

 About the Team
 We are a product development team full of fun, intelligent, happy, and hardworking engineers, designers and product managers distributed across the United States. We are profitable, funded and giving more high school athletes the ability to play college athletics than any other recruiting tool out there. Your input and coding/problem solving skills will make a direct impact in how we scale and grow the company.

 About the Position
 We are looking for a senior front-end developer that will take ownership of maintaining and building new Javascript components, profiling front-end application performance, instilling best practices, mentoring and learning with other engineers, and working with the design team to iterate on our digital design system, style guide, and application user interface.
 This role will guide the front-end development for all client-facing digital products including websites, mobile apps, and other software efforts.
 This position will be reporting to the Director of Product Engineering. This is a remote role on a remote team working across the United States. If you are located in NYC, you will have the option to go into our downtown Manhattan Wework office if you choose to.
 You will contribute to solving complex problems that will make our platform even better at connecting thousands of student athletes and college programs. Some interesting projects we’ve recently worked on are:

 In-browser video clipping and editing for making highlight reels
 Robust player search and matching for college coaches
 React-native based hybrid iOS/Android app for recruiting events scheduling
 Tools for partner events to import rosters of athletes with built-in column mapping, de-duping and validation rules to automatically merge duplicate user data


 About you:

 Several years as a professional software developer with experience in 2+ languages
 Experience in one or more modern MVC frameworks (e.g. Laravel, Rails, Django)
 Stack alignment isn’t a requirement, but you have the ability to learn and adapt to our tech stack: Vue / Laravel / React Native
 Built high-quality, performant, maintainable software incrementally and pragmatically
 Used context-appropriate automated testing to inform software design choices and increase confidence in deliverables and refactoring
 Debugged, tested, and refactored pre-existing code to incrementally improve it
 Understands cross-browser issues and debugging
 Passionate about Object-Oriented Design & clean code
 Has experience working with relational databases (MySql, SQL Server, Postgresql)


 Nice to have:

 Experience with Laravel / Vue / Tailwind
 DevOps / Ops / Linux / AWS experience
 Scrum / XP / Kanban experience
 PHP knowledge / experience
 Experience working with 3rd party APIs
 MySql / Redis / MongoDB experience
 In-depth knowledge of testing and TDD

 Personal:

 Mentored and shared knowledge with colleagues, adapted to suggestions, made thoughtful recommendations to your team, and worked collaboratively
 Independent, self-motivated, inquisitive
 Growth-oriented mindset: consistently learning and experimenting with new ideas, techniques, and paradigms; seeks out feedback
 Proactive and positive attitude

 Perks:

 Unlimited PTO through our “Personal Responsibility Vacation Policy”
 Health/Dental/Vision insurance
 Start to finish project ownership
 Travel to NYC a few times per year for team building events

 
 
eOvIqcUaWC


WHAT YOU’LL DO

Builds solutions and defect detection of displays and other technologies.
Design and develop the software using image processing, and computer vision (CV), for automatic defect detection solution.
The job is on the line with components (monitors, memory cards, screens), where each component is checked and tested automatically. One of three languages is possible – Matlab, Python or C++ + computer vision.
Development, maintenance and bug fixes in our software code bases to support factory product builds and testing from prototype to shipping
Debug and troubleshoot software issues working with cross-functional teams including manufacturing, EEs, and others involved in product builds
Track, prioritize and drive open issues within internal team and communicate status updates to cross-functional teams
Be the primary contact point and represent the Diags team in various meetings with global international teams
Develop low-level software in C programming language in an embedded and OS-less environment
Write and maintain existing python and/or lua scripts for device diagnostics

REQUIREMENTS

Background in embedded software development
At least 3+ years’ experience in embedded C
At least 3+ years’ experience in program management
Ability to drive issues, track tasks, and evaluate priorities on a regular basis
Background in computer architecture and knowledge of embedded hardware
Understands and thrives in a fast-paced environment

Preferred Skills: 

Any exposure to UEFI/EDK2 is a massive plus
Mac OSX and iOS knowledge and experience is a strong plus
Good multitasking capabilities with ability to handle frequent context switches
Fast learner with ability to be self-directed and a focus on execution
Manufacturing experience and exposure to working with contract manufacturers

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $130.00 - $140.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Embedded software: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are inspired by solving big problems. We are all about progress; we set out to do something and we do it. – Rob Cohen President, Bamboo Health
Bamboo Health is a leader in cloud-based care coordination software and analytics solutions focused on patients with complex needs, including those suffering from physical health and mental health issues and substance use disorders. We deliver on a mission of enabling better care for patients across the continuum, and our software solutions help healthcare professionals collaborate on shared patients across the spectrum of care.
Summary:We’re seeking a driven and innovative Staff Software Engineer to join our engineering team and help us establish and mature a Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) practice for our Behavioral Health solutions. In the role of Staff Software Engineer, you will create our process and framework for identifying & addressing opportunities for optimization and improvement through monitoring and analysis and gaining a deep understanding of the current and future state of our solutions. As a member of our engineering team, you’ll partner with engineers on our team as well as product managers and support analysts to ensure we are providing a resilient, scalable, adaptable solution.
What You’ll Do:

Architect and implement SRE capabilities supporting new and existing products
Identify where and how to plug in SRE practices across our SDLC from design to deployment to usage by end users
Champion SRE practices by collaborating and partnering with engineers throughout the team
Be an influential voice in setting clear deadlines, expectations and measures of success.
Proactively identify and engage with stakeholders to build clarity.
Influence other departments outside of engineering when appropriate.
Help create tools and processes to monitor and ensure quality and be able to debug performance issues across services where tooling may be limited.

What Success Looks Like…
In 3 months…

Become familiar with the details of our business domain, development process, and codebase
Ask questions and build healthcare industry knowledge
Participate in the design process and conduct code reviews for peers

In 6 months…

Consistently deliver new features from concept to launch
Become a strong partner to Product and other stakeholders
Be available as a humble subject matter expert in an area of our tech stack
Attend cross-team engineering meetings to influence department-wide standards and direction

What You Need:

5+ years implementing and supporting SRE practices
3-5+ years supporting applications on AWS or other public cloud environment
Experience architecting, engineering, monitoring, supporting, and improving resilient, scalable solutions
Familiarity with operational monitoring, logging, and instrumentation tools
Advanced knowledge of troubleshooting applications leveraging the following tech stack:
PHP 8
Laravel and CodeIgniter Frameworks
A variety of AWS services such as Event Bridge, DynamoDB, Aurora MySQL, and more
Docker, Kubernetes, and CloudFormation for deployment.
Python for serverless applications
React for modern front-end user experiences

What You Get:

Join one of the fastest growing health IT companies in the country
Have the autonomy to build something with an enthusiastically supportive team
Learn from working at the highest levels and on the most strategic priorities of the company, including from world class investors and advisors
Receive competitive compensation, including equity, with health, dental, vision and other benefits

_We are an equal opportunity employer._#LI-Remote
Job Type: Full-time

When you join the Sandalwood team, you’ll join an engaging and inclusive group with a mission to help our customers identify, assess, and reduce work-related risks to quality, productivity, and employee health.In your day to day activities, you’ll work with multiple customers, as a consultant and trusted partner in Sandalwood’s areas of expertise of Injury Prevention, Systems Engineering & Systems Integration. You’ll help customers innovate, solve their current struggles and guide them with the power of Sandalwood’s deeply ingrained subject matter expertise.You will have opportunities to help lead your own individual development with programs designed to guide you. Feeling you haven’t been recognized lately? You will have the chance to consistently appreciate your coworkers and be appreciated by your coworkers for continued distinction using our peer to peer appreciation and feedback software.
You will be encouraged to participate in Sandalwood’s multitude of extra-curricular activities including:

An innovative health, safety and wellness program
An internal innovation forum to guide and develop innovation initiatives
The all-team meeting and staff day planning committee, dedicated to fostering team dynamics, collaboration and cross-functional interactions
Participating in on-campus and virtual recruiting
The social committee plans various get-togethers for the team outside of work
Our cross-line of business marketing committee assists with marketing planning, ideas and collaboration
The mentorship program provides a forum for mentors/mentees to connect and provide feedback, make connections and offer encouragement
Community involvement opportunities driven by our team’s background, our companies’ core values and community need

Sandalwood’s people are it’s greatest and most treasured asset. Learn more about our focus on our people on our YouTube Channel, Sandalwood Engineering & Ergonomics.
We're currently looking for a Backend Software Developer to join our growing team of engineering and ergonomics professionals. Typical tasks will include development of various micro services and Backend Interfaces in an automotive manufacturing environment. This opportunity is local to Metropolitan Detroit and will involve a combination of remote work (home office) and onsite work at customer facilities. Further details about the role are as follows:
Successful candidates will have the following attributes:

Understanding of manufacturing IT systems and data flow
Experience developing microservices
Experience developing web API's
Java programming skills
Experience working with Angular Framework
Knowledge of MongoDB
Strong sense of drive, initiative, work ethic and ability to multi-task; works well under pressure and in deadline-driven environments
Good sense of judgement, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills, well-organized, detail oriented

Requirements

Experience with Java.
Experience with MongoDB.
B.S. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent from an accredited University.
Legally authorized to work in the United States.

Benefits

Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
HSA and FSA Accounts
Retirement Plan (401k) 50% Company Match of the First 6% of Employee Contribution
Short Term & Long Term Disability Premiums 100% Company Paid
Employee and Dependent Life Insurance and AD&D Premiums 100% Company Paid
Paid Time Off (2-5 weeks)
Company Paid Holidays
Training & Development (Tuition Reimbursement and Certifications)
Additional Voluntary Benefits

Sandalwood is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participates with e-verify
Job Type: Full-time


  Department UNeTech 50012027 Business Unit Business & Finance Reg-Temp Full-Time Regular Work Schedule Mon - Fri 8:00 am - 5:00 pm Remote/Telecommuting Yes – partial remote/telecommute opportunity Position Summary 
  
   Under the direction of senior engineers, individual is responsible for analysis, design, development, testing, implementation, evaluation, maintenance, and on-going trouble-shooting and support of moderately complex system components (web, cloud, mobile, client/server) to achieve organization goals.
   
 This includes participation in the development of enterprise-wide projects, enhancements and upgrades in alignment with organization strategies, priorities and meets customer agreed upon business solution goals and objectives.
   
 Understand long term plans, policies, and procedures and maintains support for applications within accountability.
   Position Details 
  
   Additional Information
   Posting Category Operations Working Title Software Engineer II Job Title Information Technology Associate (Prof) Salary Grade IT17S Appointment Type B1 - REG MGR PROF SALARY Salary Range $67,100 - $100,700/annual Job Requisition Begin Date 04/22/2022 Application Review Date 04/29/2022 Review Date Information: 
  
   Initial application review will begin on the date provided in the field above. Applications received prior to this review date will be considered. Applications received after the review date may be considered.
  


    Required and Preferred Qualifications 
   





Required Education:


       Bachelor's degree or equivalent
      




If any degree major/training is required, please specify the type. (NOTE: Concentration and minors are not equivalent to a major)


       Computer Science, Mathematics or related field
       
 (Will consider seven years related education/experience)
      




Required Experience


       3 years
      




If any experience is required, please specify what kind of experience:


       Experience in designing and developing moderately complex applications, lifecycle of application development, developing complex data structures.
       
 (Will consider seven years related education/experience)
      




Required License


       No
      




If yes, what is the required licensure/certification?






Required Computer Applications:


       Not Applicable
      




Required Other Computer Applications:


       Python, Django, Vue.js, SQL
      




Required Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:



Managing project deadlines and customer expectations.
Working knowledge of/skill with server-side technologies, management and deployment of virtualized hardware environments and cloud solutions; virtualization and contain containerization.
Experience in the administration and configuration of databases.
Performance tuning of databases and data flows.
Working knowledge of SQL.
Experience in data recovery and data security.
Use of personal cell phone may be required in the course of University business






Preferred Education:


       Bachelor's degree
      




If any degree/training is preferred, please specify the type:


       Computer science, mathematics or related field
      




Preferred Experience:






Preferred License:


       No
      




If yes, what is the preferred licensure/certification?:






Preferred Computer Applications:






Preferred Other Computer Applications:






Preferred Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:


       Experience managing project deadlines and customer expectations.
      




Email to a Friend


       https://unmc.peopleadmin.com/postings/63864
      






EEO Statement



      EEO Statement 
     





EEO Statement


         The University of Nebraska Medical Center (UNMC) is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive work and learning environment free from discrimination and harassment. UNMC is dedicated to creating an environment where everyone feels valued, respected and included. UNMC does not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, and/or political affiliation in its programs, activities, or employment. UNMC complies with all local, state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination, including Title IX, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex.
        








What's the role?
We seek talented software engineers with a desire to build Northwestern Mutual’s future through modern software applications.
This Role
This position will be critical in helping us build our application using Java, Kafka and modern software design principles.
This role will have three components:

Help us establish backend design patterns
Help us enhance and grow our existing components
Help us implement complex business rules and integrate with other systems
Help us support, troubleshoot, and manage our application design and integrations

Technologies We Use:

Amazon RDS
AWS
Kubernetes
Java
Kafka
React
JavaScript

Responsibilities

Be a team player: contribute to our culture, invent new ways to address industry needs, criticize constructively, and help create a world-changing company
Provide solutions for business problems during planning and development
Write automated tests via TDD to foster effective, reusable, and flexible code
Build logic in isolated, independent, reusable components
Ability to tackle problems, independently and as part of a team
Debug and troubleshoot integration with new API’s
You know and care about modern software development and design tools and techniques
Make changes to and create data models for persisting application data

Skills & Requirements Required

A minimum of three years of professional web development or programming experience is required
Strong java skills (2+ years experience), including understanding of Java APIs, such as Spring, Hibernate, logback
Strong Unit Testing skills
Experience working in a Dev Ops environment
Strong Git skills
Strong Agile methodology skills
Strong understanding of REST API principles and best practices
Experience with enterprise databases (Oracle, MS SQL Server, Postgres, MySQL, or DB2)
Experience with using APIs including data CRUD operations, JSON data structures, authentication, and documentation
Passionate about creating high-quality, flexible code
Ability to meet deadlines, work independently, and receive and provide constructive feedback
Ability to explain technical solutions to technical and non-technical staff
Passionate about creating and maintaining high-quality architecture, configuration and code, and deployment processes

Major Plus

Knowledgeable on security principles (OWASP)
Proficiency in building modular applications
Knowledgeable on Microservices and/or Service-Oriented Architecture
Experience with Event-Driven Architecture
Experience with AWS
Experience with Docker
Experience with Kubernetes

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Remote Position
Full Time Hire (no contract)
Technology for Modern Sales Organizations
Great Team Culture + Benefits

Great opportunity for Full Stack Engineers! Jettison is representing an innovative platform dedicated to providing sales organizations real-time performance insights to create revenue-driving cultures. World-class clients use this platform to create transparent, goal-oriented, and inspired sales teams and call centers. You want to be a part of this exciting and growing team!
ROLE OVERVIEW: 
If you have experience building and maintaining web applications and are looking to make an impact within a scaling startup we'd love to hear from you. Our platform is organized into surfaces that correlate to functionality. For example: Gamification, Coaching, Workflows, Scorecards, Metrics. You will be collaborating with a product team to improve these surfaces to increase end-user value and ultimately, company revenue. We have the privilege of working with several Fortune 500 customers at-scale which means that we must take caching, pagination, and query planning very seriously. It's not uncommon for a code review to point out that a test needs to assert the number of queries generated or that a cache needs to be created to optimize a serializer.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Create/modify models to store data
Create/modify API endpoints and serializers to provide access to data
Create/modify frontend components to visualize, interact with data
Operating without an ego. We have nothing to prove to each other here, we care about holding ourselves and each other accountable to great work that we can all be proud of.
Write frontend/backend unit, integration, performance tests
Profile and address performance issues
Do things the right way with a long-term outlook.
Work/Life balance. We expect engineers to work 9-5 and then push away to enjoy their lives. This isn't a start-up grind... we've all experienced burn-out and work hard to minimize it here.
Code reviews. We're here to make Ambition (and each other) better and it's not uncommon for a pull request to have a dozen comments from the team pointing out opportunities to improve consistency, documentation, and performance.

QUALIFICATIONS: 

3+ years experience with dynamic OOP language (Python preferred)
3+ years experience with Javascript development
Experience developing/consuming REST APIs
Experience with Postgres, Redis, Celery, Salt, AWS, Docker, Salesforce would be helpful
Experience with enterprise-readiness/scalability would be helpful

SOME BENEFITS: 

Health Insurance Options
401(k) + Match
Unlimited PTO
Paid Parental Leave
Continuing Education Program
Wellness Programs

Jettison provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or genetics.
**We are unable to sponsor H1-B Visa’s at this time.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?
Please provide LinkedIn URL

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Software Engineering: 3 years (Required)
REST APIs: 2 years (Preferred)
Python: 3 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Elemind is seeking a full-time mid to senior level firmware engineer to develop next generation wearable neurotechnology. The engineer will lead development of the embedded firmware in Elemind’s products and will be a key contributor in taking the product from prototype to production and beyond. The candidate ideally has experience with C/C++, FreeRTOS, writing drivers, and implementing signal processing algorithms. The candidate must understand the need to move fast but also be rigorous with their work, taking the time to document and annotate to aid future debugging. This is an ideal position for a talented programmer willing to learn quickly and take responsibility for a wide variety of software development challenges. This is a fully remote position with a slight preference for candidates in the NYC, Boston, and LA areas.
Please review the Minimum Qualifications below carefully. We have taken care to truly make it a list of minimum qualifications - if you do not meet any of them, we respectfully request that you not apply for this position.
Responsibilities: 

Contribute to all phases of the software lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design, implementation, test coordination, release, support, and documentation
Analyze technical problems and propose design of comprehensive solutions
Develop/maintain control software in Java
Implement or port existing algorithms from C++ and MATLAB
Develop test routines and scripts
Develop peripheral drivers (i.e. accelerometer, temperature sensor, light sensor, etc)
Debug communication protocols
Choose and integrate a NAND file system
Participate in code reviews with the leadership team
Lead and manage the work of a small team of firmware engineers, external and/or internal

Minimum Qualifications: 

BSEE/BSCE with a minimum of 5 years of related work experience
Experience programming in C and C++ for embedded devices
Experience reading IC data sheets and implementing their binary protocols
Experience programming in Java
Experience in FreeRTOS
Experience with git version control
Familiarity with Bluetooth and BLE embedded communication stacks
Familiarity with battery management and battery charging circuits
Expertise with basic lab equipment (oscilloscopes, power supplies, multimeters, etc)
Experience with test scripts
Knowledge of digital signal processing algorithms like FFTs and Filters and experience implementing algorithms originally developed in MATLAB

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience debugging embedded ARM systems.
Experience debugging electrical circuits by tracing and probing
Experience with Jira
Experience with Kotlin/Swift

ABOUT ELEMIND
Elemind Technologies, Inc. is a disruptive neurotechnology company whose products use bleeding edge and novel neuromodulation techniques and precisely timed brain stimulation to drive brainwaves. We are a small team comprised of world-class neuroscientists, engineers, and multidisciplinary inventors who take pride in solving difficult and complex technological problems. We are well capitalized and backed by top tier VCs and angels. Come join us.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $78,965.00 - $154,509.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

C++: 2 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
FreeRTOS: 1 year (Preferred)
Signal processing: 1 year (Preferred)
MATLAB: 1 year (Preferred)
Bluetooth Low Energy: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer for an innovative software organization. The REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer will join a growing team of passionate technical professionals utilizing bleeding-edge tech to build scalable cloud-centric applications. The ideal candidate has a solution-oriented mindset with a passion for building best-in-class applications to solve real-world problems.

 Responsibilities for the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer include:﻿

 Design, develop, test, implement, and maintain enterprise software solutions
 Partner with internal and external stakeholders to develop technically sound software that meets the ongoing and consistently changing needs of the client base
 Provide mentoring and share best practices with other engineers on the team and within the organization
 Work with a variety of tools and languages for full-stack development including such as:
    
 AWS and GWT Cloud Platforms, Node.JS, React, Python, Javascript, Typescript, Dynomo db, MySql


 Requirements for the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer include:

 At least 3 years of end to end application development experience leveraging Javascript, server-side utilizing Node.js 
Experience developing RESTful APIs
 Experience developing modern User Interfaces using frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular, etc. 
Up to date with new and emerging technology with a passion for continuous learning and improvement

 Compensation of the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer includes:

 $105,000 - $140,000 annually
 Full comprehensive employee benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, PTO)


 Keywords: Javascript Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Software Developer, Front End Developer, React, Node, Node.JS, NodeJS, API, serverless, microservices, Containers, AWS, GWT, Google, Javascript, Typescript, CoffeeScript, ExpressJS, Express.JS, MERN, MySql, Dynamo, RESTful Web Application Developer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, UI Engineer, REMOTE, Vue, Express, Typescript, NodeJS, ReactJS, AngularJS, VueJS, Full Stack, Fullstack, Full-Stack



  Description:
  
 Time Investment Company is an indirect consumer finance company operating in all US states. We focus on financing the sale of water treatment, home improvement, and other products through an independent network of dealers. Approved dealers use our loan platform applications to submit consumer application for credit, receive approval on those applications, and complete the loan process.
 Full-Stack Software Developer is a key internal resource, responsible for the development and maintenance of custom software and integrations between home-grown applications, external Software As A Service- (SaaS) based platforms, and our business departments’ workflow and processes. The goal is to create and sustain efficient and automated systems that align with the company’s growth strategy.
 Full Time position.
 Salary range: $75-$85k
 Check us out for more info at www.timeinvestment.com . Requirements:
  
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Must be able to problem solve and communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing
Must possess and demonstrate the company culture, values, and behaviors
Collaborating with development team, other departments, and customers to identify and document end-user requirements and specifications
Designing algorithms and flowcharts to create new software and systems
Testing and deploying software and systems
Troubleshooting, debugging, maintaining, and improving existing software
Compiling and assessing user feedback to improve software performance
Adherence to the standardized development methodologies, Agile, DevOps, Waterfall, etc.
Ability to learn quickly and work independently or as part of a team.

 Requirements and Qualifications

Minimum of bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field required OR 2 years of experience in software development
Experience with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Knowledge or experience with .NET environment using C#, SQL, and .NET Core
Knowledge of Object-Relational Mapping frameworks
Experience with building APIs and services using REST
Experience with relational database management systems including querying, structuring, and maintenance including SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.
Experience developing unit tests and performance testing
Full-stack development involving front end user interface, backend services, as well as integrations and database transactions.

 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.



We are looking for Site Reliability Engineers (software engineers/developers will also be considered) for Permanent, Full Time Employment for our direct client - FULLY REMOTE

Ideal candidate will have a strong software development foundation with 5+ years of experience writing code in Java, Python, Go or other programming language.
Ideal candidate will also have knowledge/experience in Infrastructure, DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering. 
**Coding test implemented into interview process

Technical Competencies: 

MUST HAVE experience in OOP or OOD 
MUST HAVE architecture experience/background
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
Minimum of 4+ years of professional Software Development/Engineering experience
Experience writing code in Java, Go, Shell, Perl, Node.js, Python, or a similar language
Experience with data structures, algorithms, and software design

Compensation:

Employment with a top corporation that offers professional development
$125K-$225K base salary
Quarterly Bonus Structure
$35K-$60K sign on bonus
Full Benefits
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)
Open Paid Time Off Policy

If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please reply with an updated resume for immediate consideration to isabella.c@comcentric.com
 Isabella CdeBaca Recruiter Comcentric Inc. isabella.c@comcentric.com



Piper Companies is currently seeking a Site Reliability Engineer for a REMOTE direct placement opportunity with a SaaS company based on the east coast. The SRE will develop, advance, and maintain a new product for data services with a high degree of autonomy.

 Responsibilities of the Site Reliability Engineer:
 

 Use DevOps tools to maintain infrastructure as code, automate changes and implement CI/CD.
 Fix, improve, and advance infrastructure while troubleshooting problems.
 Collaborate with team members to plan projects and analyze requirements.
 Identify and eliminate toil

 
Qualifications of the Site Reliability Engineer:
 

 2-3+ years of operations and engineering experience. 
 Experience with automation tools such as Ansible and Terraform
 Experience with AWS and Layer 2/Layer 3 protocols (802.1Q, OSPF, MPLS, BGP, IS-IS)
 Strong written and verbal communication skills

 
Compensation for the Site Reliability Engineer:
 

 Salary Range: 140-160K
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, dental, and vision. 401K with company match. Open PTO policy.
 Potential for a bonus structure



RETHINK MANUFACTURING
The only way to ignite change is to build the best team. At Bright Machines®, we’re innovators and experts in our craft who have joined together to create a new category of manufacturing that will help transform the industry. We believe software and data are the answer, thoughtfully applied to solve our customers’ unique challenges. Through intelligent automation, we give factories newfound flexibility, scalability, and resilience. We deliver products to meet the demands of today while building a platform to take advantage of what comes next.
Working with us means you’ll have the opportunity to make lasting, impactful changes for our company and our customers. If you’re ready to apply your exceptional skills to create the factory of the future, we’d love to speak with you.
*ABOUT THE ROLE*
Software Engineers at Bright Machines are responsible for defining and implementing the systemsthat make Software Defined Manufacturing possible. Our robots and software will be deployed in avariety of factory conditions and help support the manufacturing operations for some of the biggestnames in the industry.
As a Backend Engineer, you will play an influential part in the development and deployment ofsoftware components that help realize Bright Machines vision of Software Defined Manufacturing.You will create scalable software systems that drive our cloud-based analytics, data pipeline, andmachine learning systems, performance monitoring, dashboarding, and command/control systemson the factory floor, as well as on-robot operations. You will work on a team with other SoftwareEngineers in the Bright Machines Seattle office to define and implement our software stack – fromrobot to cloud.
This is a unique opportunity to be part of a greenfield development effort that will change the waycompanies build and produce products. If you’re ready to apply exceptional engineering practicesand build the software that will define the next generation in manufacturing, this is your opportunityWHAT YOU WILL BE DOING

Develop and deploy software components that help realize Bright Machines vision of Software Defined Manufacturing
Contribute best-in-class programming skills to develop reliable and scalable micro-services
Write clean, maintainable code, and perform peer code-reviews
Create unit, integration, and end-to-end tests to ensure we are continually shipping code to production
Work with other team members to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology and evaluate technical feasibility
Work in an Agile/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software against aggressive schedules
Help define and implement standards and promote best practices for distributed software systems
Analyze and optimize applications to maximize speed and scale

WHAT WE WANT TO SEE

2+ years of experience (Software Engineer or equivalent) designing and implementing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) services
Bachelor's degree (or equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field
Proficiency in a variety of modern programming languages (Java, Go, Python, C#/C++) and OSS (Linux)
Solid understanding and application of Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)
Understanding of scaling and operational concerns for large software systems
Ability to work in a variety of compute environments (Windows, Linux, AWS)

IT WOULD BE GREAT IF YOU HAD

Experience with manufacturing engineering systems (PLC, real-time systems)
Demonstrated ability to ship code to customers
Experience communicating with users, technical leaders and management to collect requirements, describe system designs, and set product strategy
Knowledge and demonstrated application of software engineering best practices relating to the SDLC including coding standards, code reviews, SCM, CI/CD, testing, and operations

WHO YOU ARE

You are customer obsessed
You believe in the power of a team, diversity of thought, and unity of action
You always act with integrity, keep your commitments, and practice transparency
You think boldly, lead with courage, and demand the highest standards
You drive for results, and act like an owner

Hiring Requirement: Reference Checks
*BE EMPOWERED TO CHANGE AN INDUSTRY*
We’re looking for people who believe they can personally help modernize a global industry and want to work alongside passionate teammates who share their vision. As a global company working toward a common goal, we have a highly collaborative and inclusive approach to work, striking a balance between celebrating team success and focusing on individual growth.
We exist to transform the way things are made. Join us on the journey.
Bright Machines was named a “Technology Pioneer” by the World Economic Forum, one of “America’s Most Promising Artificial Intelligence Companies” by Forbes, and an Inc. “Best in Business” winner.
Job Type: Full-time

Do you want to work for a growing firm doing big things in the High-Tech Industry?
Are you passionate about making an impact on the world with a higher-purpose mission?
Are you tired of working in a big COG where your contributions may not be valued or heard?
REV Tech is a young company, doing big things across the Software Development Lifecycle for both the public and private sector. We are a diverse veteran owned/women owned consulting firm that develops solutions for spanning the Fortune 1000, Project and Program Management, Managed Services and Strategic Initiatives in the IT Lifecycle project space.
To learn more about REV, please visit our website at https://revtechllc.com/
We are looking for a 100% remote Software Reliability Engineer to join one of our growing teams, responsible for building business process software tools for one of the largest Telecom companies in the world. If you have experience with CI/CD, microservices, and cloud integration using new and innovative technologies this might be the opportunity you’ve been waiting for!
Responsibilities: 

Design, implement and deploy scalable web services and web applications
Knowledge in enterprise system architecture and best practices
Write clean code and develop tools to facilitate feature delivery
Ensure sufficient logging and request tracing in a distributed environment
Work within a diverse agile team to convert business requirements into detailed implementation plans
Other duties as assigned

Must Have Experience:  

Strong background writing code in Angular 6 or greater
Solid .NET C# experience, most of which is backend development
Experience working with Microsoft SQL Server
Experience working in a Docker and Kubernetes environment
Ability to code, test, debug, implement and document complex applications
Ability to break down deliverables, contribute to effort estimation and client training
Automating CI/CD, including development of automated unit testing
Using design patterns in both JavaScript and C# environments that enables efficient development, deployment, and troubleshooting

Preferred Experience: 

Experience developing in a cloud environment
Design and implementation of Scalable systems
Experience working with SSIS
Experience implementing CI/CD pipelines

Soft Skills: 

Exhibits clear verbal and written communications
Communicates professionally and effectively over video conferencing, chat and email
Takes initiative to contribute maximum value daily
Asks for help when needed
Critical thinker who leans into problem resolution opportunities
Responds quickly to requests from internal stakeholders
Demonstrates patience, consideration, and respect for others
Thrives in a dynamic environment with a grounded approach to change and critical deadlines

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

writing code in Angular 6 or greater: 2 years (Required)
backend development with .NET C#: 2 years (Required)
Microsoft SQL Server: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   Mediaocean is the mission-critical platform for omnichannel advertising. With more than $200 billion in annualized media spend managed through its software, Mediaocean connects brands, agencies, media, technology, and data. Using AI and machine learning technology to control marketing investments and optimize business outcomes, Mediaocean powers campaigns from planning, buying, ad serving, and creative personalization to analysis, optimization, invoices, and payments. Mediaocean employs 1,500 staff across 30 global offices and supports over 100,000 people using its products.
  

    Mediaocean was recently named 
   #1 ad tech company in AdAge Best Places to Work. Visit 
   www.mediaocean.com to learn more, or check us out on 
   LinkedIn, 
   Glassdoor, 
   Facebook, or 
   Twitter.
  


 What You Will Do:


    As a Software Engineer (Fullstack), you will be responsible for helping craft the future of our service - both on the frontend interfaces and the backend APIs to support it. You will work closely with people across engineering, product, and design to help develop an amazing experience for our agency & brand customers.
  


 We care deeply about our tech stack and tools, focusing on the best technologies to get the job done. We've built a large modern single-page Ember application which we are rapidly moving to React. Performance is incredibly important to us, as we often need to surface extremely large datasets to our users. We are a team that values continuous learning, curiosity, clear communication, deep self-motivation and are committed to building an inclusive environment for everyone.
  


 We are open to hiring candidates in any of our US office locations or 100% remote.
  


 Responsibilities will include:


Build, test and ship new user facing code in modern tools
Partner with other engineers, product managers, designers and leadership to turn our vision into a concrete roadmap every quarter
Create trustworthy user experiences by building products that are simple, easy to understand, performant and reliable
Advise on feasibility and offer creative solutions for interactive UI elements, optimal user experience and efficiency
Turn design concepts into polished, accessible, cross-browser, responsive templates and reusable components
Leverage your experience with a broad range of technology stacks, platforms and workflow tools to do your best work and teach others to do the same
Articulate a long-term vision for maintaining and scaling our systems across the board




 Who You Are:


3+ years of overall software development experience
Proficient in frontend languages and frameworks like JavaScript, React and TypeScript
Has worked with modern backend languages such as Python or Java.
Experience with Restful APIs and/or GraphQL
You've designed, built and shipped modern, component-based user interfaces
You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your users
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or relevant degree



 Why Mediaocean?


100% Remote
Full healthcare benefits (PPO & CDHP medical plans, dental, and vision) & 401k
New parents are offered six weeks paid leave
Open PTO; vacation/sick/religious observances/philanthropy opportunities
Professional development opportunities within our Learning & Development programs
Belong@Mediaocean affinity based groups of colleagues to create community
All of these benefits/perks are effective on the date of hire



 We would hate to miss out on your application because you do not meet every requirement – transferrable skills and education will also be considered, so please do not hesitate to apply!
  



    Mediaocean recognizes our true strength and value shine when all our team members feel there is space in the conversation for their voices, thoughts, ideas, perspectives, and concerns. Mediaocean is committed to being an equal opportunity employer, and we consider all applicants regardless of their age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, religion, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
  


 If you're an existing Mediaocean employee and would like to submit a referral, click here.
  


X by 2 is a consulting firm specialized in business and technology transformation for healthcare and insurance clients. We enable our clients to achieve their most strategic business goals by aligning people, processes and technology across their enterprise. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact.We're looking for people that have been playing senior software design and software development roles but seek accelerated opportunities to take on more technical leadership roles. The ideal candidate has a passion for technology and the desire to take on new challenges with various technologies.
Summary

Play senior developer roles in designing, developing, testing and rolling out core business applications and data/analytics solutions for insurance and healthcare clients.
Quickly learn to use new tools, technologies and platforms across various technology stacks as needed for the client/project.
Mentor and perform design reviews and code reviews for fellow developers on the team.
Collaborate with fellow Developers, Technical Leads and Architects on architecture, design and development.

Qualifications

Experience designing and developing enterprise class business applications, integration solutions and/or data solutions using technologies such as Java/J2EE, .NET, JavaScript and SQL
Experience guiding and mentoring junior developers
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent verbal communication, written communication and interpersonal communication skills
Willingness to travel on an occasional basis, as local and possibly out-of-state travel is required. Due to COVID, this position is currently remote.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related is preferred.

Our Philosophies

Agile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clients
Learning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworks
Deliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launch
No technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clients
Constant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool belt

Work Environment and Culture

Be surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levels
Collaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptions
Work in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performance
Open environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structures
Everyone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedback

Benefits and Perks

Competitive compensation
Health, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability Insurance Coverage
Voluntary benefit package with Telemedicine, PetCare, Chiropractic, Lab Testing and Alternative Medicine
401K with employer match
HSA with employer match
Annual performance reviews for raises and promotions
Perk Programs: Home Office reimbursement, Professional Self-Development program, Health and Wellness reimbursement, Professional Dress Allowance
Earn points through recognitions, travel and much more, and redeem them for unique experiences
Company sponsored social events for employees and families
Work-Life Balance: PTO based on experience, unlimited sick days, paid holidays

Work Location: Remote
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $113,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

As a Java Software Engineer, you will be part of our Enterprise Solutions team to maintain, enhance and troubleshoot our data governance solution. You will work with colleagues, who will support and challenge you daily. You will be a part of a team driving innovation that makes our products stand apart from our competitors.
Your responsibilities will include: 

Using technologies that include Java, REST, NoSQL, Docker, Kubernetes and more.
Working with Core development team to understand business requirements and architecture to fully maintain the software’s components
Working and academic experience that will demonstrate proficiency and ease with programming languages, code quality initiatives, scripting languages and operating systems.
Play a key role to design and implement various components of our global transaction processing systems
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and above all, you are a team player!

Your experience should include: 

You are a Java expert and you have experience with Apache Spark and No-SQLs like HBase, DynamoDB, CosmosDB, Big Table, etc.
Deep understanding of public cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure or Google)
Experience with large scale distributed systems
Ability to troubleshoot distributed systems
Strong debugging skills
Familiarity with container-based technologies.
Experience with applications that use industry best practices for reliability, availability, scalability, and operability.
You are a quick learner and have a strong work ethic to focus on our goals
You have the passion to work with people and contribute to best practices that help the team to improve efficiency and quality.
Excellent communication (writing, conversation, presentation) skills, consensus building
Quick learner
Familiarity with Apache Ranger or Atlas a plus

What we offer: Joining the Privacera team means you are embarking on a journey with a passionate group of people building important technologies for the enterprise industry. Let your ideas, experience, and expertise help shape the future of data governance and security.

Competitive medical, dental, vision coverage
401k, FSA, HSA plans
Unlimited paid time off
Flexible remote working policy
Office snacks
Team off-sites
Stock options at an early stage growing startup

Company Overview: 
At Privacera, we are solving deep security and governance challenges across hybrid cloud environments. Enterprises are moving data to the cloud at a rapid pace and enabling multiple cloud services to enable the use of their data. Enabling the right users to have access to the right data is a significant challenge in this cloud-based architecture. Privacera’s solution enables a single pane of glass for enterprise visibility of data and enables centralized controls over data in the cloud. Privacera is growing rapidly via the intersection of the two hottest trends in the enterprise industry; enterprise data moving into the public cloud, and the need for security, governance, privacy which are becoming table stakes in every industry.
Company Culture: 
Our corporate culture is built on the core values of openness, product excellence, and customer-centricity. We encourage team members to practice open communication, move fast and break old molds in our journey to build the best products in the world. We are a transparent, customer focused team that collaboratively gets things done.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion: 
At Privacera, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive culture where our teams can thrive. It is our priority to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Candidates looking for employment at Privacera are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,689.00 - $200,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H-1B visa status)?

Experience:

Java: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

As a Quality Engineer, your responsibilities are to:

Establish test strategy, analyze, design, and develop automated and manual test suites in order to perform integration testing, acceptance testing, and end-to-end functional testing.
Design and develop test automation scripts, using current test automation guidelines and best practices.
Collaborate with the Project Manager and Technical Analysts to set up test scenarios and cases that work to ensure that the acceptance criteria of user stories are met.
Work with Software Engineers to diagnose issues and enhance solutions.
Record test results and report and verify software bug fixes to accept automation criteria.
Analyze performance test requirements and develop test plans and debug to understand test objective requirements.
Handle performance testing and present results for validating and analysis to the development team.
Prepare software defect tracking and report defect statuses to stakeholders.
Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts.
Keep up with the latest best practices in Test Automation.

Technical Skills & Competencies
Mandatory:

Proficient in Javascript ES6
Experience in Api testing via Postman or similar
Have created tests on at least 1 type of JS browser automation test framework, testing a web application
Hands on experience in both white-box and black-box testing
Familiar working in agile projects
Source code control in git
Using CI/CD pipelines for build and deploy

Preferable:

Knowledge of multiple test frameworks such as Cypress, Testcafe, Selenium.
Knowledge of Cucumber/Gherkin DSL
Knowledge of TDD/BDD practices
Knowledge of SQL
Experience using CI/CD tools
Experience with Tools and Best Practices for Secure Application Development

Sound like the job you’re looking for? Before you apply it’s also worth knowing what we’re looking for:
Education and experience

A Bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, software engineering, or a related field.
3+ years of experience in developing applications or test automation is required.
Reliable, self-motivated, and self-disciplined individual.
Effective written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent technical, analytical and organizational skills.

Good range of hands-on test automation experience and/or QA testing experience
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $50.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Health insurance
Health savings account

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Software testing: 5 years (Preferred)
SQL: 3 years (Preferred)
Postman: 3 years (Preferred)
Test automation: 2 years (Preferred)
Selenium: 2 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Title: Jr and Mid-Level Java Developer Location: Anywhere in the US Duration: Fulltime (career upskilling + placement)
Quick Introduction, I am Abhishek, working as a recruiter with GenSpark a division of Pyramid Consulting Inc. A leading IT staffing organization. I came across your profile and feel that your skills and professional experience would be a good fit for a position with one of our premier technology consulting clients. The client is looking for people who can support them in their technology transformation journey on Cloud, Digital, Security, etc.,
Pyramid / GenSpark will provide six weeks of paid training on Java Full Stack, and once the training is completed successfully, you will be placed as a consultant at the client site (some clients offer remote opportunities until Covid reduces). Please review the job description below. If you are interested in this position, please forward your updated resume for immediate consideration and preferred time to discuss this opportunity further.
Junior-Level Java Developer
Qualifications to join GenSpark:

Strong skills in communication, motivation, and self-discipline
Willing to commit to a role for a minimum of 1 year
1-4 year of working experience in developing business applications using OOPS concepts (without this experience, you may be considered for more junior training with GenSpark)
Willingness to relocate within the US (we will assist with relocation costs)

What we offer:

Rapid career growth, with focused and intensive training,
Paid training for 4-8 weeks
Compensation in line with industry forms
Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits
Relocation assistance, if required for client assignment
Mentorship and support throughout the program
Networking opportunities within your industry with peers and industry leaders

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Relocation assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Java: 2 years (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +1 (404) 991-3712

We are looking for a passionate, motivated, and enthusiastic software engineer about implementing modern enterprise IT solutions in the world of application integration.
Datagrate is an IT consulting company with the character of a start-up based in St. Petersburg, Florida. Enthusiasm for implementing customized IT software solutions, passion for new technology, and promoting the digital transformation to our customers is what unites and motivates us.
What you’ll do

Plan and implement complex middleware platforms and solutions for our customers to integrate our customer's enterprise software systems, cloud applications, and apps
Develop scalable software and APIs with tech stacks like Java, Apache Camel/Talend ESB, Elasticsearch, either on-premises, in the cloud, or hybrid
Present technical ideas, high-level concepts, and solutions to internal and external team members
Create integration solutions (Real-time, data, and application integrations) by collaborating with internal and external stakeholders
Work on cloud-native integrations using, AWS, Azure, Kubernetes, etc.
An option to work on our IT SaaS solution jetic.io which is based on Apache Camel.

What we expect

Software Development experience, ideally in Java Enterprise environments
Interest in combining coding with consulting, and ability to suggest new ideas
Professional appearance and good communication skills
Interest in quickly developing skills in modern integration tech stacks
Good understanding of backend system development
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, any technical field, or equivalent practical experience

What we offer

401(k)
Flexible Mon-Fri schedule
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Professional development assistance
Certifications and training in areas like application integration, DevOps, etc
Optionally you can work with us in the office in St. Petersburg, Tampa Bay, Florida.

 Think you are an ideal candidate? Apply Now.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Retirement plan

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote



#LI-Remote
 About EAB
 At EAB, our mission is to make education smarter and our communities stronger. We work with more than 2,500 institutions to drive transformative change through data-driven insights and best-in-class capabilities. From kindergarten to college to career, EAB partners with leaders and practitioners to accelerate progress and drive results across five major areas: enrollment, student success, institutional strategy, data & analytics, and diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I). We work with each partner differently, tailoring our portfolio of research, technology, and marketing and enrollment solutions to meet the unique needs of every leadership team, as well as the students and employees they serve. 
At EAB, we serve not only our partner institutions but each other—that's why we are always working to make sure our employees love their jobs and are invested in their communities. See how we've been recognized for this dedication to our employees by checking out our recent awards. 
For more information, visit our Careers page.


 The Role in Brief:
 Software Engineer, Front-end Focused
 As a Software Engineer, you will be joining our superb software engineering team to solve engaging problems that feed into our two-week release cycle. Front-end focused Software Engineers are an essential part of EAB and use modern tools such as React and Typescript to build high-quality and engaging UI experiences. You will also participate in a culture of collaboration and growth that provides mentorship and paths for career advancement. 
This is a remote position (must be physically based in Canada).
 Primary Responsibilities:

Aid in the development of solutions that support consistent information architecture, taxonomies, visual standards, interaction patterns, and use cases across multiple applications
Collaborate with product, design, software engineering, and data teams to achieve common goals
Self-start and steward your implementations through the software development process ensuring you champion the standards of the UX team in every development challenge
Follow common sustainable page design, management, and development methodologies
Perform testing at the page & source for presentation layer defects
Solve complex software language and classical computer science problems
At times, contribute as a full-stack software engineer on an as needed or as desired basis

Basic Qualifications:

Passion for making dynamic and performant enterprise web applications
2+ years of web development experience
Bachelor's Degree or equivalent years of experience
Expertise with React, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML 
Experience with UI test frameworks such as Jest, Jasmine, Mocha, etc. 
Understanding of SDLC and the technical and business challenges that come with development of a product
This position will be a busy one. Self-driven and a desire to work hard and produce high quality is a must!
Thorough, methodical, problem solver, and creative with extreme attention to detail
Extremely strong verbal and written communication skills. This role must easily be able to have clear communication over email, IM, phone, and in person.
Excellent interpersonal skills
Expert at time management as well as working & finding answers to questions independently

 Ideal Qualifications:

Expertise with React, Typescript, CSS, and HTML
Experience with Material-UI, Jest, and JavaScript
Experience with traditional front-end software patterns and architecture
Experience with object-oriented, functional, declarative, and imperative programming
Experience with Agile development
Knowledge of basic back-end software patterns and architecture 
Knowledge of AWS Lambda, Node.js, Kotlin or Java, and SQL
Commitment to valuing diversity, practicing inclusive behaviors, and contributing to an equitable working and continual learning environment in support of EAB’s DE&I Promise

If you’ve reached this section of the job description and are unsure of whether to apply, please do! At EAB, we welcome diversity of background and experience. We would encourage you to submit an application if this is a role you would be passionate about doing every day.
 Benefits:
 Consistent with our belief that our employees are our most valuable resource, EAB offers a competitive and inclusive benefits package.


Generous PTO annually, in addition to paid firm holidays
Daytime leave policy for community service or fitness activities (up to 10 hours a month each)
Paid parental leave for birthing or non-birthing parents
Phase Back to Work program for employees returning from parental leave
Adoption or surrogacy assistance
Dynamic growth opportunities with merit-based promotion philosophy
 ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  
 At EAB, we believe that to fulfill our mission to “make education smarter and our communities stronger” we need team members who bring a diversity of perspectives to the table and are committed to fostering a workplace where each team member is valued, respected and heard. 
To that end, EAB is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we make employment decisions on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law.





Make Work Better Every Day




    Quantum Workplace, an HR technology provider, equips workplaces with the smartest talent solutions so that they can grow and succeed. We pioneered some of the earliest employee engagement and performance software and have since partnered with thousands of organizations to drive employee, team, and business success.
  



    We’re in the business of creating awesome work environments—and are committed to being one also. We are smart people who care deeply about what we do. We work hard but laugh harder. We wear casual clothes, work flexible hours, and get stuff done. You’ll love it here.
  


 What’s the opportunity?


    We are searching for Full Stack Software Engineers to join our team in Omaha. You enjoy being surrounded by talented engineers to learn and challenge each other.
  



    You believe engineers should be involved much earlier in the process than when it's time to code (although that is pretty fun). You’d prefer to sit in on customer interviews, design sprints, early non-dev prototypes, and throw on some noise cancelling headphones when it's time to build. You strive to build beautiful, usable software, and if you aren't the type to wear your beret hat you are encouraged to work with the product designer who is a full-time resource for your team.
  



    We use our own flavor of agile processes to get things done. We use Git and an automated CI setup for builds and Octopus for shipping code to testing environments and to production. We review each other’s pull requests. We believe in automation over repetition and aim to make our code and infrastructure more scalable.
  
 Responsibilities 

Write awesome code
 Work with large, complex datasets
 Collaborate with product team to bring prototypes to production

 Qualifications

 1+ years of professional experience building software
 Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship
 We're not interested in a checklist of experiences, but here is a list of things we use: .NET, C#, Flutter, Dart, SQL Server, Redis, Hangfire, Azure, IdentityServer, Sass, and probably a few more things.
 Bottom line: you need to be stellar. If you are grouchy, too political, or don’t admit mistakes, you will hate it here.


 Why Quantum Workplace?



 Health Insurance: We offer 3 options (1 option is 100% premium paid by QW for employees) + Telehealth
Dental & Vision: We cover 100% of premiums for employees
401k: We match 100% of contributions up to 4% and you're fully vested on Day 1
Adoption + Fertility assistance
Employee-led Diversity Council works to create a more diverse and inclusive workplace
Zoo memberships
Summer hours and flexible work schedule
Remote and hybrid work options
No dress code - wear what makes you feel confident - BE YOU!
Monthly manager-employee lunches for goal planning and development
Paid time off including holidays, your birthday, and volunteer time off
We work hard but we have fun too - ping pong breaks increase productivity!



 At Quantum Workplace, we are an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds and skills. Please apply, regardless if you think you meet every bullet. We want to hear from you.
   




   Applicants with disabilities may contact the Quantum Workplace Employee Success Team via telephone, fax, e-mail, and other means to request and arrange for accommodations. If you need assistance to accommodate a disability, you may request an accommodation at any time. Please contact the Employee Success team at careers@quantumworkplace.com or 
   402-415-8302.
  


 Go back to our job listings page.
  


 Corsearch is the premier provider of creation and protection solutions for trademark and brand professionals. With highly trained researchers, an expansive global content set, work-flow and specialized technology tools, which incorporate customer input. 
 
 Corsearch’s solutions are revolutionizing how companies commercialize and protect their growth. Trusted by thousands of customers worldwide, Corsearch delivers data, analytics, and services that support brands to market their assets and reduce commercial risks. 
 From IP clearance to brand protection, Corsearch provides a comprehensive program that enables businesses to secure brand value and thrive commercially. Behind the world’s best-known brands, there’s Corsearch. 
 Corsearch has more than 1500 team members serving over 5,000 clients on five continents, and we’re growing and changing rapidly. We are a fantastic company to work for — with great benefits, growth opportunities, and a terrific internal culture — and we truly believe that it’s people who make us thrive. 
 Corsearch is growing fast and is always looking for new talented people to be part of the journey. 
 
 Why work as a Frontend Engineer at Corsearch? 
 The Frontend Engineer will sit in a flat-structure, geographically diverse cross-functional team of engineers who provide cutting edge, high-performance image processing for Corsearch’s flagship brand protection product. The Striker team is one of two teams dedicated to provide innovative tools to remove, mitigate, verify, investigate threats and measure impact to ensure that threats found have an appropriate method for dealing with them and brands can evolve their strategy. You’ll contribute to and be a key person in making the internet a better and safer place for everyone. 
 
 What will you do? 
 

Work with team to deliver outcomes through software development
Identify, create and apply software development and security standards and processes
Plan and design software applications, components, interfaces and related characteristics (including security)
Estimate time and effort required for software development
Construct, amending and verifying software components
Apply test-driven development and ensuring appropriate test coverage
Use peer review techniques — such as pair programming
Document software components
Understand and obtain agreement to the value of the software components to be developed
Select appropriate development methods and life cycles
Implement appropriate change control to software development practices
Adopt and adapt software design models, tools and techniques based on the context of the work.
Resolve operational problems with software and fix bugs
 What do we ask of you? 
 

Bachelor of Computer Science (BSc), Engineering, or equivalent qualification (not necessary)
At least 2-3 years of experience with Vue.js (including Vue 2)
Very good understanding of Vue.js and Web applications
Proficient in CSS
Ability to implement outstanding look & feel applications (natural eye for beautiful interfaces)
AG-Grid experience is a plus
In depth experience of the software development lifecycle and code repositories such as git, including branching and merging flows
Fluent in both verbal and written English
Teamwork and customer communication skills
Ability and willingness to adapt and learn to new technologies and new projects
Strong analytic and problem-solving skills
Ability to work well both in a team environment and independently
Ability to Multi Task
 Corsearch is an equal opportunity at will employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, religion, color, disability, sex, sexual orientation or national origin.


About Us
 Novate is an Industrial Technology Services firm with 20+ years of providing professional engineering design, turnkey project implementation, and support services for the technology that runs industrial production facilities. Our clients are large scale industrial facilities that rely on us for our expertise and high-quality implementation of process control systems, information software, instrumentation, industrial networks, SCADA/BMS, measurement, inspection, motion, and state-of-the-art Industry 4.0 technologies.
 About You
 You have invested your time and energy into education within your field. You think on your feet and enjoy using your skills to solve real-world problems in large-scale industrial processes. You want to be on a team comprised of supportive, communicative, and simply amazing technical professionals.
 If you are excited about the idea of investing in your career and being challenged technically and professionally in a diverse range of industries from Semiconductor to Aerospace, Food to Mining, then Novate is the place for you!
 About the Role
 The primary purpose of this role is to deliver exceptional service by completing all project deliverables on time for all assigned projects, meeting all company quality control requirements and keeping customers briefed on project status. Under limited supervision this individual must have the ability to operate multiple concurrent projects, provide support initiative, possess exceptional awareness, and be extremely organized with adaptive time management skills.
 Performance Expectations

 Complete programming on client required platforms in various industrial environments.


Manage and execute on multiple project schedules to ensure timely completion. 
Provide input and recommendations that help clients clarify their mission objectives, understand the implications of their decisions and requirements and anticipate efficiency, compliance, safety, and operational needs.


Provide engineering support as needed, and on-call, for critical process failures and warranty support for automation solutions.


Other duties as assigned.


 Requirements

 Minimum two (2) to five (5) years’ experience of verifiable PAC/PLC and SCADA programming skills to deliver turnkey automation solutions for sophisticated industrial applications.


Intermediate knowledge with PLC programming: Rockwell RS Logix 5000 (required), Allen Bradley, Delta V, Siemens, Exposure to multiple PLC manufactures and platforms.


Ability to operate in RLL, SFC and ST.


Project management experience a plus.


Intermediate knowledge of HMI/SCADA programming: System Platform, Ignition, Factory Talk View SE.


Able to configure HART instrumentation.


Basic knowledge of industry and regulatory standards, design criteria and codes relevant to Instrumentation and Controls.


Ability to type 35+ WPM.


Ability to travel locally or out of state if necessary up to 25% of the time.

 Desirable Qualifications and Experience

Experience in operation or engineering work within large scale industry (food, semi-conductor, petro-chemical, biotech, mining, etc.)


Database scripting, SQL query generation for MS SQL, MySQL or Oracle


AutoCAD experience in the controls engineering field


C++/C# development and troubleshooting


Electrical design experience


Basic understanding of Ethernet based networks


ISA Certified Automation Professional (CAP)

 License/Certifications:

Valid CA driver’s license


California Professional Engineer (PE) desired

 Competencies:

Communication


Results Driven


Critical Thinking


Work Independently

 Physical Demands:
 The ability to lift up to 50 pounds with frequent standing, walking, bending, kneeling, stooping, crouching and crawling into confined spaces.
 Travel Requirement:
 Ability to travel up to 25%.
 Work Authorization/Security Clearance:
 Ability to pass a DOD security level background check.
 Equal Opportunity Employer
 NO RECRUITERS OR PHONE CALLS PLEASE


At Kibo, we provide cloud commerce solutions inspired by our clients' needs and designed to empower their teams. Together, we can help them see further, think bigger, and climb higher.Our software and services include eCommerce, Order Management, Personalization, and Mobile Point-of-Commerce. We serve retailers, manufacturers, and brands, and our solutions are designed to power the shopping experience – from first click to doorstep – and to scale with them as their business grows.Kibo is looking to add an engineer to our team to work closely with our Personalization product. Our Personalization team provides solutions to difficult challenges involving Machine Learning, statistics, data visualization, real-time decisioning, and user interface on a global scale.ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: 

Work with talented engineers to help to build a highly scalable product
Write simple, well-structured, well-tested code that provides new features and improvements to existing services using Python, Javascript, and React
Ship code to our production environment on a regular basis
Work in an Agile environment including: daily scrums, collaboration, sprint reviews, and code demonstrations
Collaborate throughout the software development life cycle with product management, UX, support, professional services, and other engineering teams
Participate in code reviews

QUALIFICATIONS: 

2+ years software engineering experience
Comfortable with Python programming language
Front-end experience utilizing Javascript and JS Frameworks (React, Angular, etc. )
Knowledge of RESTful web services and APIs
Understanding of basic Database design
Experience with either of the following is a plus: AWS, Linux
Passionate about testing and able to write effective unit, system, and integration tests
Can collaborate with other departments as well as your own team
Curious, interested, engaged, and always aiming to improve

Job Type: Full-time


Brokerkit (https://getbrokerkit.com) is a fast-paced, success-driven, team-oriented Software as a Service company focused on the residential real estate industry. Do you have the ability to thrive in a startup environment? Do you love building software? We are looking for candidates with an entrepreneurial spark who love QA and building software! Get in on the ground floor and grow your skills as the company grows.
We are currently looking for a Software QA Engineer to join our Engineering team to assist in manual and automated testing of new product releases for our SaaS product. If you are an experienced Software QA Engineer; you might be a good match.
Position Responsibilities

Manual testing of new enhancements and bug fixes
 Add automation testing through time to increase testing coverage
 Improve processes to decrease the number of defects in production and increase the velocity for deploying new product releases


Required Qualifications:

3-5+ years of manual software QA experience
 Someone who is humble, hungry, and sharp
 Experience with implementing and updating some type of automation testing framework for automated functional regression testing
 A resourceful problem-solver who is able to achieve strong results without a lot of direction
 Can attend a daily stand-up at 8 am MT but work hours can be flexible in our asynchronous remote model


Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Atlassian tools (Jira/Confluence/Bitbucket)
 Real estate industry experience


Compensation will be market-based and commensurate with experience. This is a full-time position.



About Us
KeyMe is revolutionizing lockout solutions for homes, cars and businesses. Via artificial intelligence and robotics, KeyMe allows users to store, share, and duplicate their physical keys and RFID cards. Fully automated self-service key duplicating kiosks can be found in over 4,000+ locations across the country in major retailers such as Bed Bath & Beyond, Kroger, Rite Aid, 7-Eleven, Menards, AutoZone, and many others.
Additionally, KeyMe offers customers a one-stop solution for all their locksmith needs ranging from lockouts and re-keys to complex installations and custom jobs. All KeyMe locksmiths have extensive experience and are fully vetted to ensure our customers receive the utmost quality experience. With upfront set pricing, customers know they will never be confronted with last minute charges. KeyMe's smart routing gives customers the ability to monitor their Locksmith's arrival, job progress, and receive instant receipts. KeyMe is providing unrivaled service quality, prices, and customer experience into the $12B/yr locksmith industry.KeyMe is an exciting, well-funded (over $150M raised to date), tech company that is solving real consumer pain points. KeyMe is proud to have an open, collaborative and relaxed atmosphere where bright professionals work hard and enjoy what they do. With the added benefit of a friendly, flexible and creative working culture, you'll be joining a forward-thinking, expanding team to continue opening doors for our customers.
We're committed to providing a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace where team members from all backgrounds, ethnicities, cultures, and experiences feel welcome and thrive. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
About the Role
Our platform team is responsible for three large parts of KeyMe's technology:

Order management and fulfillment
Fleet management
Locksmith services

On this team you'll write code that matters: building tools and automations to control our fleet of robotic kiosks; collecting and refunding our customers' money accurately; ensuring that locked-out customers get timely support to rescue them from a difficult situation.
What You'll Be Doing
We're scaling our stack and our team - you'll have a say in architectural decisions and you'll be mentoring more junior developers to grow our in-house expertise. We'll need your experience with commerce, caching, message queues, tooling, and whatever else you can bring to the table.
How We Know You Can Do It

At least 3 years of experience Ruby on Rails or other web-based MVC framework in a production environment
Experience with caching architectures using memcache, redis or similar.
Experience with background processing frameworks (like Resque or Sidekiq)
Experience with RDBMS (Postgres, MySQL)
Familiarity with AWS or similar cloud hosting environments

Bonus points

Experience building, publishing and maintaining RESTful APIs.
Experience with message queuing systems
Kubernetes experience
Experience with websockets
Experience with CDNs

What You'll Get

Compensation package that includes salary and stock options
Health, dental, and vision insurance
Remote budget to set up your home office
401K plan with match
Flexible PTO Policy
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
Health Savings Account (HSA)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Work Location: Remote
Job Title:
Network Software Engineer - (Open to Remote)
Requisition ID:
R014967
Job Description:
Toys for Bob, a collaborative team of stellar individuals that have inspired love, joy, and laughter through epic AAA entertainment for more than 30 years, is open to remote work! Our passion for developing award-winning games with diverse genres includes the Crash Bandicoot®, Call of Duty®, Overwatch®, Spyro®, Skylanders®, and Tony Hawk® franchises. We are constantly evolving and support our growing employees to be as innovative as they can be. Toys for Bob’s experienced developers are looking for creative individuals ready to take on exciting and new projects. Join us!
Toys for Bob is wholly owned by Activision.
Your Mission
As a Network Software Engineer, you will help bring our online experience to a higher level. Your responsibilities will include client features, multiplayer systems, online community features, and tools. The Network Engineer will be responsible for improving game network traffic efficiency, instrumenting and analyzing numerous game systems, and building scalable systems to synchronize state between client, server, and backend.
Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:
Work closely with other Engineering and Design teams to design, write, debug, and refine online systems, features, tools, and infrastructure
Author or contribute to technical designs and documentation
Optimize and maintain existing code (C/C++)
Architect and implement high-performance networking code solutions for both client-side and server-side game logic
Instrument, profile, analyze, and optimize network game traffic
Player Profile
3+ years of programming experience with at least 2 years focus on networking and online systems
Shipped 1+ game title(s)
Proficiency in C/C++ and experience with scripting language(s)
Excellent knowledge of algorithms, data structures, performance, and multi-threaded programming techniques
Demonstrated ability to write clean, readable, portable, reliable, and optimized code
Proficiency in client-server networking architecture, network protocols, and peer-to-peer architectures
Detailed knowledge of software design practices including modular architecture, event-driven architecture, software design patterns, and object-oriented design
Ability to quickly understand and work with internal and externally developed code
Excellent communication skills and the ability to collaborate with other specialists, systems designers, and producers
Ability to work well in a fluid, changing environment as creative challenges evolve
Our World
Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), is one of the world's largest and most successful interactive entertainment companies and is at the intersection of media, technology, and entertainment. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty®, World of Warcraft®, Overwatch®, Diablo®, Candy Crush™ and Bubble Witch™. Our combined entertainment network delights hundreds of millions of monthly active users in 196 countries, making us the largest gaming network on the planet!
Our ability to build immersive and innovative worlds is only enhanced by diverse teams working in an inclusive environment. We aspire to have a culture where everyone can thrive in order to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional, and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered!
The video game industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.
Toys for Bob is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

  Company Description
   Are you ready to trade your job for a journey? Become a FlyMate!
 Passion, excitement & global collaboration are all core to what it means to be a FlyMate. At Flywire, we’re on a mission to deliver the world’s most important and complex payments. We use our Flywire Advantage - the combination of our next-gen payments platform, proprietary payment network and vertical specific software, to help our clients get paid, and help their customers pay with ease - no matter where they are in the world. What more do we need to truly be unstoppable? Perhaps, that is you!
 Who we are:
 Flywire is a global payments enablement and software company, founded a decade ago to solve high-stakes, high-value payments in education, using modern technology.  Today, we’ve digitized payments for more than 2,700 global clients across education, healthcare, travel & B2B, covering more than 240 countries and territories and supporting over 140 currencies. And, we’re just getting started!
 With over 750 global FlyMates, representing more than 40 nationalities, and in 12 offices world-wide, we’re looking for FlyMates to join the next stage of our journey as we continue to grow.



  Job Description
   The Opportunity:
 We, at Flywire, are looking for a Full Stack Engineer responsible for building applications, including anything from complex groups of back-end micro services to command line utilities and data processing scripts while also developing front-end screens to control and monitor these processes. Your primary responsibility will be to design and develop these applications, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure. Thus, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and building quality products is essential.
 If you care deeply about quality, always strive for simplicity, love to collaborate and are motivated by making the impossible possible, Flywire might be the perfect place for you!

 Planning, designing and implementation of different software features
 Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle, frontend and backend
 Ensure the experience in building great performing, highly scalable solutions
 Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation
 Keep a fluid communication with the Product Owner
 Be a mentor for other developers




  Qualifications
   Here’s What We’re Looking For:

 4+ years of experience in backend development with a passion for excellence
 4+ years of experience in frontend development - preferably known framework such as React or Angular
 Experience in designing, developing and supporting scalable, performant and reliable web applications and distributed systems
 Excellent understanding of database environments. Familiar with MySQL
 Ability to work in a fast paced environment
 Ruby on Rails experience (Don’t worry if you don’t know Ruby, we’ll bring you up to speed)- A plus
 Familiarity with continuous integration and delivery - A plus
 Familiar with Docker environment - A plus
 Experience in working in an Agile environment - A plus
 Working with events management platform - preferably RabbitMQ - A plus

 Technologies We Use:

 Ruby on Rails
 React
 System management: Linux, mySQL, MongoDB, Redis, Docker, RabbitMQ, Jenkins, etc
 Cloud platform: AWS

 Additional Information
   What We Offer:

 Competitive compensation, including RSUs and an ESPP
 Flying Start - Our immersive Global Induction Program (Meet our Execs & Global Teams)
 Work with brilliant people that will keep you on your toes, learn more about their journeys by checking out #InsideFlywire on social media
 Dynamic & Global Team (we have been collaborating virtually for years!)
 Wellbeing Programs (Mental Health, Wellness, Yoga/Pilates/HIIT Classes) with Global FlyMates Be a meaningful part in our success - every FlyMate makes an impact
 Competitive time off including FlyBetter Days to volunteer in a cause you believe in
 WFH Stipend & Digital Disconnect Days
 Great Talent & Development Programs (Managers Taking Flight – for new or aspiring managers!)
 Submit today and get started!

 Our Hiring Process:
 We are excited to get to know you! Throughout our process you can expect 4-5 rounds of interviews with different FlyMates including the Hiring Manager, Peers on the team, the VP of the department, and a homework assignment (don’t worry - this is the fun part!) your Talent Acquisition Partner will walk you through the steps and be your “go-to” person for any questions.
 Flywire is an equal opportunity employer. With over 40 nationalities across 12 different offices, and diversity and inclusion at the core of our people agenda, we believe our FlyMates are our greatest asset, and we’re excited to watch our unique culture evolve with each new hire.
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

The Opportunity
We are looking for a Software Engineer who is motivated to solve complicated issues in sophisticated software systems. You will assist with building innovative products with our collaborative, cross-functional teams and ensure adherence to code quality standards. As the #1 Telemedicine provider in the world, your work will be seen and used by millions of people each year.
Responsibilities:
Participate in the design, implementation, testing and shipping of features that can scale to millions of users
Build features with a major focus on performance, scalability and future expansion
Write unit and functional automation to validate code quality
Collaborate with team members to effectively achieve department goals
Participate in the evaluation of new system integration points to define the data elements and format that is required by each system and/or data source
Identify opportunities for improvement in system interfaces
Ensure security and compliance of APIs and assist with discovery efforts
Candidate Profile
BS degree in Computer Science or relevant field (years of work experience may be substituted)
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process preferred (internships ok)
You embody the entrepreneurial spirit, with the ability to drive change and think outside the box
You have hands-on experience with JavaScript & React
You have hands-on experience with Ruby on Rails, and/or Java
You are comfortable working with PostgreSQL
You can consume and utilize new languages, design patterns, APIs and toolsets
You are able to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment
Effective communication skills and a willingness to learn are a must
Why Join Teladoc Health?

A New Category in Healthcare: Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives.


Our Work Truly Matters: Recognized as the world leader in whole-person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person’s health journey.


Make an Impact: In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals.


Focus on PEOPLE: Teladoc Health has been recognized as a top employer by numerous media and professional organizations. Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative, and inspiring environment.


Diversity and Inclusion: At Teladoc Health we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.


Growth and Innovation: We’ve already made healthcare yet remain on the threshold of very big things. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy.


   #WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.
  


    About The Role:
  


    We are looking for a talented senior writer, preferably with excellent journalistic skills, to join our team and produce, revise, and coordinate content, educating customers and the general audience. If you’re passionate about cybersecurity and have some experience as a business journalist or tech journalist, you’re the perfect candidate. Partnering with teams across multiple business units within CrowdStrike, you’ll be working with some of the best professionals in the industry to write and assemble stories, annual threat reports and thought leadership collaterals that will inform everyone from customers, cybersecurity practitioners, and the media.
  


    Responsibilities:
  



      Plan, draft, create and assemble interesting, newsworthy, and compelling cybersecurity content around threats and current threat landscape, data science, and awards & certifications. Deliverables include blog posts, whitepapers, newsletters, etc.
    


      Help build CrowdStrike thought leadership by developing content strategy.
    


      Partner with internal stakeholders across multiple technical and non-technical departments to develop content around threats, outbreaks, innovative security technologies, and challenges that the cybersecurity industry is facing.
    


      Work at both a detailed level and a strategic level and advocate for the customers in all aspects of your job.
    



    What You’ll Need:
  



      Portfolio of writing samples. Must include an example that demonstrates your skill at communicating technical and/or business journalistic-style content.
    


      Technical aptitude and willingness to learn.
    


      Naturally curious with a knack for asking insightful questions.
    


      Ability to work independently.
    


      Excellent English writing skills and detail oriented.
    


      Passionate about technology and cybersecurity.
    



    Bonus Points Awarded for:
  



      Demonstrated ability to make complex topics easy to comprehend.
    


      Passion for seizing opportunities for improvement at every turn
    


      Education and/or Experience: B.S./B.A. in Journalism, English, advertising, communications or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
    


      At least 5 years of professional writing experience, such as in a technology or business media outlet.
    


      Fluent in English and great storytelling skills.
    


      Resume accompanied by past original work (blogs, whitepapers, videos, articles or other publicly available deliverables).
    



    #LI-Remote
  

    #LI-RC1
  


    Benefits of Working at CrowdStrike:
  



      Remote-first culture
    


      Market leader in compensation and equity awards
    


      Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements
    


      Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
    


      Physical and mental wellness programs
    


      Paid parental leave, including adoption
    


      A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
    


      Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration
    




     We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.
   



    CrowdStrike is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex including sexual orientation and gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
  
 CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. For applicants in Colorado the salary range is $120,775 - $201,291 + bonus + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, and certifications. The salary range may differ in other states.
  

    CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.
  


    Notice of E-Verify Participation
   



    Right to Work
   



Headquartered in the Chicagoland area, Elexa Consumer Products designs and manufactures a wide range of consumer IoT products under the brand names Dome Home Automation and Guardian by Elexa. The products we create range from door sensors, alarms, leak detectors, automated water shut-off systems and more. Our goal is to create innovative devices that are easy to install and integrate while also providing convenience, security, and peace of mind to our users.
We are looking for a seasoned Full Stack Engineer who will work with our growing team to troubleshoot and implement new features for the Guardian Ecosystem. The engineer will use his or her understanding of software development tools to analyze current source code and industry developments, formulate more efficient processes, solve problems, and create a more seamless experience for users. You should have excellent communication, computer, and project management skills.
The ideal candidate will have experience developing real-time applications using microservices in serverless environments, and as a bonus, architecting web services to serve IoT devices. Fluency with Google Cloud architecture is a huge plus, but professional experience with GCP, AWS, or Azure is required. They will have an intuitive understanding of common API practices and should be able to plan and develop callable APIs in a fast paced environment, in time to hand it off to fellow developers.

Collaborate with team members to create a cohesive user experience
Analyze source code and other data to troubleshoot problems and identify areas for improvement
Develop ideas for new programs, products, or features by monitoring industry developments and trends

Responsibilities

Work directly with the department head on day-to-day operation and maintenance of cloud infrastructure
Take control of internal company dashboards and maintain ongoing development

Requirements

Excellent understanding of Python, JavaScript (NodeJS), HTML/CSS, SQL
Demonstrated experience with architecting web applications, including API development
A thorough grasp of the software development cycle, programming techniques, and related tools
Ability to work independently and with a group, and stay focused in a fast-paced Scrum environment
Experience with Google Cloud Platform (preferred) or other cloud environments
Strong problem-solving skills, great written and verbal communicator

Education

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field

Benefits

Health insurance (after 90-day probationary period)
Paid time off

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $65,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Job Description


Remote: Position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. The employee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.
  
 Do you imagine a world of zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion? We do! To reach this bold goal we need to build a modern vehicle computing platform that is capable to integrate all the advanced features like active safety, driving assistance systems, infotainment, connectivity, and vehicle motion. This new platform Software Defined Vehicle (SDV) shall seamlessly connect in-vehicle computing controls with cloud and edge computing resources.
  
 Our team is looking for a detailed and passionate Software Engineer/Developer to join us in our mission! As a Software Engineer/Developer in SDV, your responsibilities include understanding and implementation of the use cases, software design execution and software verification (unit testing/ software integration testing, etc.). This individual will develop vehicle abstraction layer and feature applications for Software Defined Vehicles (SDV). We particularly focus using modern software techniques to design optimized software in service-oriented architecture (SOA) based on model-based system design. This includes the following:
  

 Design and Develop applications in C++/Kotlin on Android/Linux.
 Build software for vehicle level functions and perform integration and verification testing with minimal direction of lead engineers.
 Performs design and analysis on changes.
 Diagnose, Debug and resolve issues related to vehicle hardware and software.
 Supply common solutions across all GM in-house controllers.
 Document requirements for design solutions and link them to test cases that can demonstrate software functionality.
 Use automated test tools in build environments, benches, and vehicles to verify functionality at the Function, Controller and System level.


 Additional Job Description

 Basic Qualifications:
  

 Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related technical degree
 Minimum of 5 years of experience with demonstrated technical and professional skills in Java, C++, Kotlin or related software design, development, and testing
 Experience designing and developing apps and services using SDK for Android
 Experience designing and developing apps, services using one or more protocols
 Experience designing and developing applications using SOA Framework

 Preferred Experience:
  

 Master's degree in a related technical field
 Experience with microcontroller architecture, electronic control systems, embedded system development
 Knowledge and experience with CAN, LIN or Ethernet communications protocol
 Experience with GIT/source code management, CI/CD development, open source SW development/contributor
 Experience with cloud Development using Azure, Amazon, or Google
 Experience in cloud/Edge Hosting of services and Apps. Interoperability of Apps, services between cloud and Data centers
 Knowledge of data science, data analytic tools, machine learning, artificial intelligence (AI)

 FOR GM INTERNAL CANDIDATES: This role is posted at both the 7th and 6th level. The determination by HR and the Hiring Manager as to whether an offer will be lateral or promotional will be based on a candidate's relevant experience and whether the role will amount to a significant increase in level of responsibility.
  
 Compensation: This position may be filled with a mid-level (the median level of salary compensation for this role is $97,980)" OR "This position may be filled with a Sr. level candidate (the median level of salary compensation for this role is $126,756).
  
 Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.
  
 Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more.
  

About GM

 Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.
  

Why Join Us

 We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.
  

Benefits Overview

 The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
  

Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values; 
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


 Diversity Information

 General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
  
 We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
  

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

 The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 



   Job Description
   A bit about us: We’re on a mission to change healthcare — how it’s paid for, delivered, experienced. We want to put people center stage, not process or profit. We are guided by a deep belief that every person on Medicare should be treated like we would treat a member of our own family: with loving care and a profound commitment to their health and well-being. Why Devoted: Make a difference... a big difference. You will have the opportunity, in a unique and dynamic culture, to be a part of something incredibly meaningful. We’re a disruptive startup with an inspiring mission. Learn and grow alongside our world-class team of healthcare, technology, and data leaders, dedicated to building a health plan and clinical services that care for everyone like they were our own mothers or fathers. Our team and board members have decades of experience in health care entrepreneurship, data, technology, services, and policy. With their support, we look forward to building a health plan and clinical services that will give seniors easy access to the high-quality care they deserve. A bit about this role: In our mission to take care of every member like they were our own mom or dad, we believe that data is a super power to deliver great service and clinical care. You will be the analytics engineer who drives our analytic layer and makes it usable for our complex downstream data systems to consume. As a member of the data engineering team, you will work closely with many teams within the company (data science, product management, software engineering) to determine how best to prepare our data in a scalable, flexible way for complex analysis to take place. In addition to building complex data models, this position will also enforce data integrity, implement quality checks and ensure cross-team data governance across the product and technology team. Whether you have a health care background or not, we are excited to learn from and share knowledge with you. Our leadership team includes seasoned alumni of healthcare and technology organizations spanning the public and private sector. Our co-founders deeply understand and care about good technology: Todd Park co-founded Athenahealth, a multi-billion-dollar healthcare technology company, and served as CTO of the U.S.; Ed Park was athenahealth's founding engineer and served as its CTO, COO, and President of Services. We want a strong analytics engineer who can lead the charge to get the company up and running on our new BI tool, Looker. We are looking for folks who are interested in working with an exciting data infrastructure stack, which currently includes Snowflake, Airflow on Kubernetes, dbt, AWS, Jupyterhub, Amundsen, Looker, etc. We are eager to find folks who are passionate about building great technology to solve problems for users—our members, our colleagues, and ourselves. Responsibilities will include: Leading the large migration from a data visualization tool to a BI tool (Looker) within a highly data-driven company (900+ users for reporting/BI) Driving the design to enhance our analytics layer to allow for self-service data capabilities to a large set of data-savvy users Spearheading the implementation of data governance procedures for use in analytics Coaching analysts and data scientists on analytics engineering best practices Working closely with the Data Engineering team to ensure proper tooling is in place to account for reliable data within our BI tool Working with Product, Marketing, and Data Science teams to build out necessary data warehousing infrastructure in Snowflake Bringing an analytical mindset to every conversation across the company Attributes to success: Experience coupled with a willingness to learn new things Comfort with uncertainty and a desire to be close to business problems Desire to contribute individually, with the ability both to self-direct work and to collaborate with others on the technology team Understanding of many technologies and a desire to add more to the list Required skills and experience: Ability to work in a fast-paced startup environment 5+ years working as an individual technical contributor 4+ years' experience with SQL and data modeling 3+ years' experience with development in any BI tool At least 1 year of experience with Looker Experience with a data transformation tool (preferably dbt) Bonus: Prior background with AWS services (e.g. lambda, S3, Redshift) Experience with other Cloud Data Warehouses (Big Query, Snowflake) Experience with Python #LI-BC1 #LI-Remote
  

    Devoted is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a safe and supportive work environment in which all employees have the opportunity to participate and contribute to the success of the business. We value diversity and collaboration. Individuals are respected for their skills, experience, and unique perspectives. This commitment is embodied in Devoted’s Code of Conduct, our company values and the way we do business.
  


    As an Equal Opportunity Employer, the Company does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy status, marital status, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, gender expression, or any other factor prohibited by law. Our management team is dedicated to this policy with respect to recruitment, hiring, placement, promotion, transfer, training, compensation, benefits, employee activities and general treatment during employment.
  


    COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement: Where permitted by applicable law, candidates must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccine by date of hire to be considered. The Company will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified employees with disabilities or for a sincerely held religious belief, practice, or observance.
  


Location: Richland, WATitle: * Software Engineer - DevOps*Schedule (FT/PT): FTTravel Required: NoClearance: NoDue to Executive Order 14042, you may be required to provide proof of COVID19 vaccination to qualify for this position.North Wind Solutions is a Government contracting small business with operations at military and civilian installations across the United States. The Richland site project's primary focus is providing mission critical support for the Hanford site in the areas of Cyber Security, IT Infrastructure deployment and management to include network operations, End User Support services, Application Engineering with emphasis on software development and support, Records Management, and Project Management for the execution across the spectrum of provided services.Job DescriptionWe must ensure that we're building secure, reliable, and replicable systems to support Application Development and Infrastructure resources. We require an experienced DevOps Engineer to join our DevSecOps team and help us build out an Application Security and Automation program for on-premise and Azure cloud environments. This person serves as a technical resource who enables developers to secure their applications, builds infrastructure as code to support operations, and works closely with Cyber Security to ensure compliance

Develop and maintain Continuous Integration pipelines that implement standard processes such as unit testing, application security testing, software composition analysis, compliance & controls, and others.
Build Continuous Delivery pipeline processes to standardize application and infrastructure deployments for both Azure cloud and on-premise systems.
Contribute to security planning and implementation within applications and infrastructure.
Document and improve secure software development lifecycle processes and standards.
Deliver training and provide mentoring to software and DSO engineers on security topics.
Design and develop infrastructure as code and configuration management (Configuration as Code) both Cloud and on-premise environments.
Automate redundant tasks and processes related to software engineering, operations, and security
Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required: * Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Cyber Security, or a related technical field, plus a minimum of 4 years of experience in software engineering, or equivalent combination of education and experience.

Education and Experiences:  * Experience with modern application development languages and frameworks.

Experience with DevOps with strong understanding of CI/CD principles.
Team oriented.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.

Desired Qualifications:   Strong understanding of Azure cloud including any relevant certifications such as AZ-104, AZ-204, AZ-400, and/or AZ-500.**

* Experience with automation tooling platforms like Ansible, Terraform, Azure Resource Manager/Bicep.
Existing experience participating in a DevOps or DevSecOps culture and workspace.
Experience managing Azure DevOps instances and a thorough working knowledge of systems features and capabilities.
2 years of experience in Cyber Security or Automation systems.
Hands on experience with Docker/Containers, .Net (latest versions, Core, and Framework), and CFML (ColdFusion Markup Language)

Culture:

You'll be joining a team that's just getting started with DevSecOps (lots of room to grow!)
We strive to make the world a better place.
We empower people to bring the best in them.
We believe in trust, customer success, innovation, giving back, equality for all, wellness, transparency and fun.

U.S. citizen (U.S. born or naturalized).  U.S. citizen (U.S. born or naturalized) who does not hold dual citizenship. You agree to complete a Minimum Background Investigation (MBI) for a Moderate Public Trust position with the U.S. federal government or other clearances as deemed appropriate for the role.

North Wind offers a competitive pay and benefits package to include health, life, and disability insurance benefits, 401(k) with company match, generous paid leave and tuition reimbursement for eligible employees. As a company, we are committed to employee wellness, professional development, and work-life balance. We value safety, reliability, and commitment to our people! For more information about our benefits or hiring philosophy, visit the North Wind Career Opportunities Page.*

*

* Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The nature of those accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact our Helpline +1.208.528.8718 or use the Request for Reasonable Accommodation form to get assistance.
North Wind is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, genetic data, religion, or other legally protected status. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
Proof of citizenship will be required as a condition of employment.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

10 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

DevOps: 3 years (Required)
software engineering: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



   Who is Recruiting from Scratch:
  

    Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more. 
  

   If you are a fit, the team will reach out to you about this role or any others that may be a fit for our clients. 
  
About Our Client 

   Our client's mission is to create a new standard for mental health delivery, accessible to people and sustainable for providers. They are broadening access to care through offering increased service types (coaching, groups, therapy), measurement-based care, and insurance-funded care. Now more than ever, we are looking to address mental health needs of our communities. They are VC-backed and was founded in 2018 with footprints in New York and California, as well as virtually nationwide. 
  
About The Role 

   Our client is looking for a full-stack engineer to help us develop the systems and tools needed to support clients seeking care, providers offering care, and the operational team and infrastructure to support the two. We are a small but growing team who work primarily remotely, using Next.js (React), Django on PostgreSQL, and GraphQL to bring everything together. 
  
Qualifications 

Experience developing and deploying with React 
Experience developing and deploying Python applications into production environments with a preference for Django 
Familiarity with modern web technologies (such as JSON, HTTP2, WebSockets, HTML, JavaScript, CSS) 
Experience relational database systems like PostgreSQL or MySQL 
Experience integrating and synchronizing data with third-party APIs 
A preference for writing quality code with automated testing and leaving the codebase better than how you found it 
Experience with continuous delivery and troubleshooting production code 
Comfortable communicating with engineers, clinical, and operations staff to solve open-ended problems 
Interest in doing mission-oriented work especially in the healthcare space 

Nice to Have 

Experience with infrastructure-as-code & continuous deployment in production 
Maintained security initiatives such as penetration testing or bug bounty programs 
Experience working with healthcare, healthcare technology, and clinical staff, or other regulated industries 



Benefits: PTO, Healthcare, and more
   

 Base Salary Range: $150,000 to $200,000
   



Full Stack Developer
We are looking to add a Full Stack Developer to our development staff. This position requires skill with Angular, Visual Studio, HTML5, and JavaScript (with TypeScript), familiarity working with API's, MSSQL.
What our Developers Do: 

Create highly interactive web applications using Angular 4, JavaScript (and TypeScript), HTML5, etc.
Work in a team with other developers, UX designers, and QA to create user interfaces for web and mobile applications.
Utilize ticket tracking, repository, and GIT-based source code synchronization.
Check and follow up with daily updates and tasks.
Assist the support team with problem identification and bug fixes.
Research and learn new technologies to aid and assist the development team.

What We Look For in this Role: 

Strong written and verbal communication skills in English.
Real experience with HTML5, Angular, and JavaScript.
Working knowledge of TypeScript.
Expertise with HTML5 related standards and technologies including JSON, CSS, browser APIs, and canvas.
Understanding of JavaScript dependency management and build tools such as NPM, bower, grunt, and gulp.
A passion for keeping up with new techniques and technology.
Ability to work from home or other environments where you will have a quiet workspace.

We allow staff to work from home and generally set your own hours after the second month. This is a permanent position and not a project-based position.
The position receives a base monthly salary plus paid time off. For more information about our company, visit our website: www.corebridge.net
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Work from home position, no COVID precautions necessary.
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

APIs: 3 years (Preferred)
javascript: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


triple (www.tripleup.com), is an innovative platform in the card-linked offers space (CLO) with an entirely new targeting mechanism that puts marketing dollars directly into the pockets of consumers. This space is already large ($15B) and rapidly growing (20% per year). This is a massive opportunity in an under-developed but rapidly growing industry – with a company-making launch customer already signed. We’re a portfolio business within numo, a fintech incubator and independent subsidiary of PNC Bank.
 We're building software to change the way that consumers find their next product to buy and rewards them for doing so in real-time. Our card-linked offer (CLO) product is on the cutting edge of adtech in a multi-billion dollar market and can connect debit card users to loyalty and rewards programs on one platform.
 We’re looking for a Software Engineer who wants to be a founding member of our software team. As an Associate Software Engineer, you'll operate as a key member of the development team, working across the entire stack, helping build and refine our innovative enterprise platform from scratch.
 What we're looking for:

 3+ years hands-on, professional software development experience
 Experience with Python (data processing, DevOps, microservices, serverless)
 Familiarity with Typescript and/or NodeJS and/or Kotlin and/or Java
 Comfort working across the stack
 Deep knowledge of relational databases and NoSQL datastores
 Experience building scalable products
 Good coding habits, including commenting and documenting code, test-driven development, defensive coding, planning for scale, etc.
 Familiarity working in a distributed, microservices environment
 Experience working with Amazon Web Services and related tools
 BS in Computer Science or related education

 A plus to have, but not required:

 Experience working in a startup environment

 What we offer:

 Competitive salary + great benefits
 The option to work remotely, or on-site in Pittsburgh
 Passionate, driven team members
 Opportunity to own equity in this innovative product

 triple is a remote-first team. Candidates from any location in the United States are encouraged to apply.
 
YcwjlSrNjL



Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

  What we're looking for:
 You are a passionate front-end developer with 3+ years of experience working with various frameworks and technologies. You are curious about learning new development and thrive in a self-starter environment. You enjoy working in cross-functional teams (front-end, testers, designers, and stakeholders) to build amazing web experiences.

 Position Overview:

 The Web Developer will be a key member of the Citrix IT team supporting Marketing's key technologies and platforms. You will rely on your experience as a client-side developer to create customer-facing personalized experiences both on the web and in Citrix products. Web Developers will work hand-in-hand with internal partners and technologists to understand business problems and develop solutions that support the Citrix story. Your development background includes secure modern client-side web development (CSS, JS, and HTML), including modern frameworks (vuejs preferred) package management and build tools (npm, yarn, etc), testing frameworks (jest, mocha, etc), and automated CI/CD pipelines(Bamboo, Jenkins). You will work across various tools and platforms; each may require you to adapt your development approach and acquire new domain expertise.

 Role Responsibilities:

 Applies experience in the application of software development methodologies to complete assignments to required standards of quality and timeliness, while expanding experience and knowledge in areas of assignments; participates in writing software requirements and design specifications for assigned projects; chips in to project approach, methodology selection, project planning, reviewing the work products of others, and status reporting; plans and conducts tasks to implement design requirements to produce high quality software; works in multiple sub‐disciplines of software and systems engineering (these sub‐disciplines include: requirement development, product design, software estimation, software design, software construction (coding), software test, software performance measurement, software product information creation and software maintenance)
Conducts smaller development projects independently; performs specific portions of broader projects led by supervisor; solicits input and expertise as vital from higher level engineers to carry out assignments correctly
Establishes and maintains detailed and accurate documentation of all work; communicates technical issues within scope of assignments; assists with technical specification documentation and review
Implements, unit tests, debug and integrates code of moderate complexity; writes and conducts tests to verify the functionality, accuracy, and efficiency of developed or enhanced software
Chips in to work practice improvement through participation in post project evaluations, and maintains continuous quality improvement in meeting internal and external customer requirements
Coordinates own development activities on routine work and cooperates with other programmers and scrum team members on technical aspects related to the project
Works with other engineering teams on technical matters and may work with vendors or customers on technical information, handling customer concern issues, or modifications related to projects
Stays ahead of technical trends, develops knowledge and skills and incorporates them within assignments as appropriate; recommends improvements and changes in designs and gives professional appraisal on phases of the design in which the individual is particularly trained or experienced


 Basic Qualifications:

 Requires a University Degree or equivalent experience and 2-3 years of relevant experience.
Requires broad theoretical job knowledge obtained through advanced education.
3-5 years of Development experience.
Strong interpersonal/communication skills
Adaptable/quick learner/coachable
Self-motivated, able to work without a ton of direct supervision


  Functional Area:  Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.
 At Citrix, our employees perform extraordinary acts of creativity and service every day. We provide benefits and rewards that meet the diverse needs of our employees by offering competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and equitable rewards opportunities for all employees. In the state of Colorado, the salary for this role generally ranges from $100,560 -$125,700 but may vary depending on your qualifications including job-related education, training, experience, licensure, and certification, that could result at a level outside of this range. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including annual bonus, sales incentives, and/or stock depending on the terms of the applicable plan and role as well as individual performance. Benefits may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Citrix and the country where you work. U.S. based employees are typically offered access to healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, 401(k) plan and company match, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), and education assistance program, among others.
   Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.

Job Location
Remote
Employment type
Regular
Department
Cryptoassets, Technology
Targeted Start Date
Immediate
Cumberland - a DRW Company is the cryptoasset arm of DRW, established in 2014 after pursuing an early interest in cryptoassets and their underlying technologies. Today, Cumberland is a global leader in cryptoassets, uniquely positioned between the traditional financial markets and the cryptoasset ecosystem. From our offices in Chicago, London and Singapore, we provide 24-hour access to a wide array of cryptoassets while helping the crypto ecosystem evolve in a responsible, sustainable way.
We are seeking a Senior JavaScript/TypeScript engineer to join our founding team of a new venture. This is a unique opportunity to contribute to a new blockchain technology unit building a new DeFi protocol. Expect TypeScript, utilizing Node, for back-end microservices, and React powering the front-end.
The position offers opportunity to work on both front-end and back-end code, tight feedback with the CEO, and opportunity to be part of the founding team designing and architecting a new DeFi protocol.
Requirements:
Strong software engineering background
Familiarity with SPA design
Strong experience or interest in JavaScript/TypeScript
Experience or interest in highly secure web UIs
Desirable skills:
Experience with AWS
Experience with writing integration tests
Open-source contributions or side projects
Experience or interest in finance
Experience with Node.js
Experience or interest with WebAssembly


Do these qualities about a job resonate with you?

Having cutting edge embedded system problems to solve
 Be a part of a fast growth, remote first startup from San Francisco
 Operate with high ownership and impact rather than being a headcount
 Work with intelligent and collaborative engineers
 Get stuff done and have freedom to make decisions
 Get recognized and also be paid for the value you are adding
 Work on a fresh codebase, without dealing with tech debt
 Work on impactful things that affect millions of people everyday
 A place that invests in personal growth and learning by literally paying for learning opportunities
 Set of coworkers that can collaborate in a productive manner, towards a unified goal, rather than dealing with politics and personal agendas
 Work at a place where you feel excited coming to work, rather than feel a pit in your stomach thinking about Monday morning
 Develop Machine learning applications and use cases

About us
Swiftlane is reimagining how every door in every building works. So that you can walk up to a door and just use your face to unlock a door. Or use Siri to open a parking garage as you drive up to the building. Website – https://www.swiftlane.com/ 30 second video – https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YRDySqXAZo
Summary of the role
We are developing an ARM based access control system hardware that can modernize access to buildings. It will run face recognition access logic, interface with various access control hardware inside the building, like key card readers, face recognition readers, elevators, fire alarms etc. This system is cloud connected, and will communicate two way with the cloud based backend. It requires real time, fault tolerant messaging as well as data sync with the cloud. It will host high performance offline data cache of the entire system, by leveraging many types of databases. And much more, chat with us to learn more.
Key skills to succeed

Expert at writing multithreaded C++ applications
 expert at writing C firmware
 memory management and writing memory safe code
 interest and ability to write well tested code (we use Google tests)
 Collaborate with other engineers through written and verbal communication
 Writing and interfacing with common low level drivers
 Basic python scripting
 Interest in building reliable, multi process applications

Nice to have skills

ROS
 Yocto build process
 Basic electronics knowledge
 Knowledge of databases for embedded applications
 Knowledge of google cloud or AWS
 Experience with MQTT

About Swiftlane
At Swiftlane, we are reimagining access control to buildings. With Swiftlane, you can open building doors with face recognition, or use your mobile device for access. We are replacing keys with face access and mobile access. We don’t carry paper maps anymore, but we are still carrying keys around. We want to change that.
Swiftlane has raised over $9M from seasoned investors. We are based out of San Francisco, but also have a huge remote-first team distributed globally. We are already present in hundreds of buildings providing cutting-edge face recognition access and other modern security amenities.
How to Apply
To apply for this position, please send an email to contact@swiftlane.com with the link to this job posting, your resume, and an introduction about yourself. We look forward to talking with you!





  Overview: 
  
    Are you a passionate innovator looking to harness the power of technology to do more good? You’ve come to the right place. NGP VAN, together with ActionKit and Mobilize, delivers leading technology to Democratic and progressive campaigns as well as nonprofits.
  


 Our parent company, Bonterra, was formed by bringing together leading solutions from CyberGrants, EveryAction, Network for Good, Social Solutions and their respective entities to form the second-largest and fastest-growing social good software company in the world. This collaboration will help NGP VAN accelerate enhancements in our platforms and continue to drive our top three areas of focus: reinforcing the core, committing to innovation, and helping lead in the Democratic ecosystem.
  


 We are currently operating as a remote workforce and have equipped our teams with the technology to stay connected to each other and our customers.
   Responsibilities & Requirements: 
  
    NGP VAN is the leading technology provider to Democratic and progressive campaigns and organizations, as well as nonprofits, municipalities, and other groups, offering clients an integrated platform of the best fundraising, compliance, field, organizing, digital, and social networking products.
  


 Trusted by campaigns of every size, NGP VAN's award-winning tools have elected thousands of Democrats to local, state, and federal office. Nearly every Democrat running for office is powered by NGP VAN. There's a friendly, relaxed atmosphere at NGP VAN that makes work fun. Fueled by our love of important causes + game-changing technology, our team is made up of smart, passionate people who truly care.
  


 Join us as a QA Engineer for an opportunity to work on industry-leading applications and use the latest web technology while doing it. Some things we work with: ASP.NET (Web Forms, MVC and Web Api), ReactJS, SQL at massive scale, Azure, Redis, and ElasticSearch.
  
 Responsibilities

 Design test plans for the application that could be used for manual or automated testing
 Execute test plans and document test execution records
 Build automated functional and regression tests for our enterprise web application
 Expand and maintain our testing infrastructure
 Work closely with scrum team to identify test cases, edge cases and regression items
 Identify and troubleshoot bugs while providing reports with clear steps to recreate issues
 Ensure that we're delivering a great, bug-free user experience for our users

 Actual Minimum Requirements

    You need to have some experience programming to be considered for this position. (But we are also hiring QA analysts!)
  
 What We're Looking For

    We don't require that you have experience with all of this to begin with, but it is directly relevant to the role.
  

 Familiarity with C# - this is a programming position
 Familiarity with version control systems - preferably git
 Experience with Selenium WebDriver framework
 Knowledge of front end web technologies such as JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
 Proficiency in Black, Grey, and White Box testing
 About Us: 
   Our Culture:
 Our team is made up of industry experts and advocates who are 100% committed to supporting the doers of social good. We are currently undergoing an effort to create the vision and values that embody our collective organization and embrace the individuals who make up our community. 

Some of our comprehensive and competitive benefits include: 


Generous PTO policy
 Equity for ALL regular, full-time employees from individual contributors to management – share in our success! 
Up to 15 paid company holidays including some commemorating social justice events and self-care
 Paid volunteer time
 Resources for savings and investments
 Paid parental leave
 Health, vision, dental, and life insurance with additional access to health and wellness programs.
 Opportunities to learn, develop, network, and connect
 When we can—company-sponsored events and swag!!


 Job Tags: #Remote
 

We’re looking for a senior software engineer that can help advance Appriss Retail. We deliver software-as-a-service solutions that are used by leading retail chains worldwide — 39 of the Top 100 retailers rely on Appriss Retail solutions to reduce shrink, prevent return fraud, detect and remediate employee fraud, and improve operational processes.
This position is on a fast-moving engineering team that builds applications in C#, ASP.NET, and SQL Server, deployed both on-premise and Azure. All team members are expected to seek practical solutions that prioritize the customer needs while being a supportive, collaborative, and open-minded team member.
About you
You’re adaptable. As priorities change, you’re able to adjust your contributions accordingly. The ability to manage multiple initiatives is imperative.
You’re creative. You find deficiencies and advocate for improvement.
You’re open-minded. You seek out guidance from peers and mentors and you know that there’s usually many ways to solve a problem.
You have passion – You love coding and creating solutions that delight our customers.
Fundamental Duties

Understand requirements to deliver solutions against existing standards and practices.
Build features to specification/design
Design, build, deploy, and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code
Provide level 2 support (our devs stand behind the code they write)

Our Requirements 

Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution in computer science, computer engineering, information technology or a related field / or equivalent experience
Excellent written and verbal communication (in English)
Proven success at working with peers on cross-functional teams and in a small-company setting
Ability to work in a team environment
Strong problem-solving abilities
Experience delivering solutions in C# and SQL Server

Things that can set you apart

Strongly Preferred
Git
Azure Devops and Cloud Services
Docker
RESTful APIs
Python
Nice To have
Angular or React
HTML
CSS
ASP.NET MVC
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)

Location
The team is distributed with offices in Irvine CA and London UK. We are remote-work friendly.
We are an equal opportunity employer.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Python: 3 years (Preferred)
Azure: 3 years (Preferred)
APIs: 3 years (Preferred)
Docker: 3 years (Preferred)
Git: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



   Work Styles at Zoom
  


    In most cases, you will have the opportunity to choose your preferred working location from the following options when you join Zoom: in-person, hybrid or remote. Visit this page for more information about 
   
    Zoom's Workstyles
   .
  


    About Us
  


    Zoomies help people stay connected so they can get more done together. We set out to build the best video product for the enterprise, and today help people communicate better with products like Zoom Contact Center, Zoom Phone, Zoom Events, Zoom Apps, Zoom Rooms, and Zoom Webinar.
  


    We’re problem-solvers, working at a fast pace to design solutions with our customers and users in mind. Here, you’ll work across teams to deliver impactful projects that are changing the way people communicate and enjoy opportunities to advance your career in a diverse, inclusive environment.
  


    We're looking for a Zoom Gateway Infrastructure DevOps Engineers to join our team. Our team helps maintain the AWS cloud Infrastructure, Kubernetes infrastructure in EKS, CI/CD pipeline, Ansible Tower, monitoring services: Prometheus, Grafana, and Zoom internal monitoring systems.
  


    Some of your responsibilities will include Zoom LiveTranslation and LiveTranscription, Zoom Advanced Whiteboard, Zoom Audio Conference, Zoom Conference Room Connectors, Zoom Web Client, Zoom Live Streaming, Zoom Skype for Business/Lync Integration.
  


    Responsibilities
  

 You'll practice Infrastructure as code (IaC) using Terraform and Terragrunt
 You'll maintain our Kubernetes infrastructure in AWS using Helm Charts
 You'll practice Gitops using ArgoCD and Gitlab
 You'll maintain CI/CD infrastructure components
 You'll deploy monitoring services to monitor infrastructure and applications
 You'll document infrastructure design and implementation in Confluence


 Qualifications
  

 You have experience with EKS and other AWS cloud resources
 You have experience with Kubernetes infrastructure and Istio service mesh
 You have experience with Terraform, Terragrunt, and Helm Charts
 You have experience with Grafana and Prometheus, and other monitoring tools
 You have experience with Gitlab and ArgoCD
 You have experience with Ansible Playbooks and Ansible Tower
 You have experience with Bash or Python scripting
 BS degree in a related field


 Bonus Points
  

 You have experience with ELK stack
 You have a MS in a related field



    We believe that the unique contributions of all Zoomies is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status. Zoom is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
  


    We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives including qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records and any qualified applicants requiring reasonable accommodations in accordance with the law. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a medical condition, or if you need assistance accessing our website or completing the application process, please let us know by emailing us at 
   
    careers@zoom.us
   .
  


    Colorado Salary Range or On Target Earnings:
  


    Minimum:
   $97,920.00 USD
  

    Maximum :
   $181,170.00 USD
  

    In addition to the base salary and/or OTE listed, Zoom has a Total Direct Compensation philosophy that takes into consideration base salary, bonus and equity value. Information about Zoom’s benefits is 
   
    here
   . Note: Starting pay will be based on a number of factors and commensurate with qualifications & experience. We also have a location based compensation structure; there may be a different range for candidates in other locations.
  


    Zoom requires all U.S. employees who will work in person at a Zoom office, attend in-person Zoom meetings or have in-person customer meetings to be fully vaccinated. Zoom will consider requests for reasonable accommodations for religious or medical reasons as required under applicable law.
  


    Explore Zoom:
  




       Hear from our leadership team
     




       Browse Awards and Employee Reviews on Comparably
     




       Visit our Blog
     




       Zoom with us!
     



      Find us on social at the links below and on 
     
      Instagram
     



      View more jobs, sign up for job alerts and join our talent community. 
     
      Visit the Zoom careers site
     .
    

 #LI-Remote
 
IDT is looking for a skilled Middle Frontend Developer who can take informal leadership over UI development among Net2Phone projects.
Net2Phone is a UCaaS platform that helps thousands of businesses worldwide manage their internal and external communications. The billing team is responsible for the customer invoicing, call rating, and other services to support billing in Net2Phone services.
In this role, you will:
Work on all our front-end applications (micro front-end approach).
Communicate with our great UX team, participate in the design process, and implement our web applications.
Document the service architecture to support digital interfaces and business analytics internal integrations.
Write clean, DRY, and modular code, providing proper documentation when necessary.
Extend the tools and capabilities of the team to support the ability to perform rapid prototyping.
We expect you to have:
At least 1 year of working experience with JS or TS.
Experience with RESTful APIs.
Familiarity with SCRUM (Agile) methodology.
Past teamwork experience. Ability to be part of a team and be a supportive teammate.
Willingness to learn and explore new technologies.
Good level of English (B1 or higher) to communicate with team members.
It's a bonus if you have:
Experience working with cloud infrastructure (AWS, Google Cloud, Azure, Heroku, etc.).
Experience with at least one: Go, Java or C#.
A degree in computer science.
Experience in B2C or B2B telecommunications.
Experience with React Native.
We offer you:
Remote work opportunity!
B2B Employment ($, gross)
About us:
IDT is an American telecommunications company founded in 1990 and headquartered in New Jersey. Today it is an industry leader in prepaid communication and payment services and one of the world's largest international voice carriers.
We are listed on the NYSE, employ over 1300 people across 20+ countries, and have revenues over $1.5 billion.
Net2Phone is a rapidly growing global provider of unified cloud communications solutions. It was named 'VoIP Supplier of the Year' by the Telecom Consulting Group in 2018. Its cloud communication solution provides an integrated communications suite featuring powerful collaboration tools such as voice, messaging, chat, and unlimited domestic and international calling to 23+ countries.
Join us!

JazzHR's software engineering team builds cutting-edge products designed to provide a better hiring experience for both applicants and hiring teams.
 We tackle big technical challenges for systems at scale every day.
 Our team is built on mutual respect and trust. We emphatically embrace a culture of continued learning and growth, and are empowered to innovate, explore, and utilize our expertise to craft the right solutions for our customers.
 Our team values kindness and curiosity, driven by the desire to try, reflect, and adapt.
 We use modern web tooling and frameworks, such as PHP, Symfony, TypeScript, AngularJS, React, Docker, and AWS. While experience with our present tech stack is a plus, we value foundational software engineering experience and a drive to delight our customers over any individual technical skill. This is a fully remote role with the continental United States.
 What you'll do: 

Architect and build robust, performant APIs.
 Build intuitive UI components with modern web technologies.
 Deliver highly maintainable and well-tested code.
 Design scalable and generic data models that will hold up under high demand.

 You'll be a great fit if you have:

 2+ years of experience writing quality, well-tested code
 Great communication skills and a willingness to pair programs, swarm on critical issues and engage with your teammates to solve challenging problems.
 Enthusiasm for the “developer experience” of your colleagues by leveraging automated build tools.

 To learn more about our hiring process check out our overview here.
 About JazzHR:
 JazzHR has raised the bar in the recruiting software industry, with many of our innovations becoming industry-standard. We’re the first company to put powerful, yet easy-to-use recruiting software in the hands of startups, growing companies, and small businesses from all industries. We're proud of our accomplishments - click here to see more!
 About Employ:
 Employ empowers organizations of all sizes to overcome their greatest recruiting and talent acquisition challenges. Offering a combination of purpose-built intelligent software technologies, services, and industry expertise, Employ provides businesses of all sizes with powerful solutions for recruiting a diverse workforce. Through its JazzHR and Jobvite technologies, and NXTThing RPO services, Employ serves more than 12,000 customers across all industries. For more information, visit www.employinc.com.
 JazzHR and Employ are equal opportunity employers. All employment decisions are solely based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race, gender, religion, ethnicity, age or any other status protected by the laws and regulations where we operate.
 
yorFuT6LHr


It’s time you moved up to serious software engineering, with a company that looks to your needs, not theirs. A company that doesn’t know cookie-cutter. One that provides peace of mind and a focus on the future. Cyberitas.
About Us
Cyberitas Technologies is a 20-person software engineering company headquartered in Phoenix, AZ. Our team is proud of our family atmosphere and the opportunity to work on leading-edge projects for high-visibility clients. We are proud of the fact that for more than 20 years we’ve helped engineer leading solutions for clients using a variety of technologies.
We are expanding our team! We are hiring for Software Developer!
As Software Developer at Cyberitas, you will be developing highly interactive websites and apps and will be working on large scale web, mobile, SaaS, AI/ML, and IoT projects together with our team of skilled designers and developers. As part of our team, you will support both new and existing systems for our clients in a diverse set of tools.
Responsibilities

Work as a developer either on a team or by themselves in agile/iterative development projects
Produce well tested, functional, and reliable software
Determine the best technical solution for a problem
Review and give feedback to other developers and their code
Make informed technical decisions in conjunction with our lead architect
Create and maintain web-based solutions for enterprise scale websites

Skills & Qualifications
All candidates must have several years of experience with:

Object-oriented PHP using an MVC framework (Symfony, Laravel, or Yii2)
Mobile responsive web development
RESTful web services
Full-stack development/application architecture (including HTML/SCSS)
JavaScript development
Knowledge of design patterns
Version control systems including GIT or SVN

The following skills/experience are beneficial:

CMS platforms such as Drupal 8/9 or Adobe AEM
Modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Vue.js, or Angular
Experience with web accessibility (WCAG)
Experience with other languages (e.g., Python, Java, SQL)
Strong development and computer science background
Working with a flexible SDLC and multiple teams

We’re happy to provide our employees with: 

United Healthcare platinum health plan, with $1,000 deductible, HSA and PPO options, dental and eye coverage; company pays 50% of employee’s premium
2 weeks of paid vacation per year, 2 weeks of paid sick leave per year, 13 paid holidays per year.
Remote work opportunities within the USA
Flexible work hours with pair coding and scrum sessions in Mountain Standard Time
A relaxed, casual environment

Please note that we can only process candidates currently based in US at this time.
Recruitment process: Woven assessment > online interviews
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you currently based in US?

Experience:

Object-oriented PHP using an MVC framework: 1 year (Required)
professional engineering: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Jira AdministratorManage, customize, and configure Jira and Confluence Server for any software or business teamPosition DescriptionContract is seeking an Atlassian Administrator for a growing government client located in Ft. Collins, CO.The ideal candidate will work on an agile team to administer Atlassian applications including Jira, Confluence, Crowd, Bitbucket, and Bamboo.ResponsibilitiesAs Atlassian Administrator you will create new fields, screens, workflows and related Jira components, modify existing issue types, screens, permissions and schemes, and provide maintenance and support to existing projects. Stays up-to-date on industry best practices and makes suggestions and proposals to expand and improve current implementation. Provides training and support to project teams through blogs, articles and internal sessions. Writes Groovy scripts to automate procedures and integrates with other development tools.Skills

2+ years of experience administering Atlassian suite (Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Bamboo, Crowd)
Must effectively prioritize work, troubleshoot issues, communicate effectively and complete tasks on time
Evaluate and implement technologies that improve efficiency, performance and reliability
Take ownership of tasks, dig into the details, thoroughly validate changes and communicate updates
Design and build solutions that are generic, scalable and reusable
Collaborate with development and operations to design, develop and deliver new services, workflows and capabilities
Experience managing issue types, workflows, permissions, post functions and other JIRA components
Must be able to build filters, custom dashboards and reports
Experience working on an agile development team, Scrum preferred
Experience with two or more of; Crowd, JIRA, Confluence, Service Desk, Bitbucket, Bamboo, Splunk, Zabbix
Experience managing task tracking, build and/or source management applications for multiple development teams
Able to manage applications in multiple environments (dev, stage, prod) with consistent, repeatable processes
Experience building, managing and enforcing standards
Solid understanding of Confluence and integration with JIRA
Ability to quickly troubleshoot and resolve issues with JIRA, Confluence
Proficiency with JQL and confidence building advanced reports

Bonus Skills (Multiple Required)

Experience programming/scripting (JavaScript, Groovy, Python, Shell or similar)
Basic HTML, CSS, JS, SQL skills
Background and understanding of API's and creating custom add-ons using Atlassian SDK's
Experience with Linux OS
Experience using and managing common add-ons like Portfolio, EazyBI, ScriptRunner, and the Bob Swift suite.

Qualifications

Team player
Fully embrace DevOps culture, eliminate barriers and bridge moats
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Government or large organization experience
Prioritize work and close out tickets in a timely manner

EducationLifelong learner that is well versed on leading edge technologies and processes
LCat: System Administrator - Level II**Please note that as a federal contracting company expected to fall under the Safer Federal Workforce Task Force (Task Force Guidance), Synergy requires that all new employees be fully vaccinated (two weeks after final dose) against COVID-19 before their start date.**Synergy is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, or gender identity), national origin, age, disability, genetic information (including family medical history) or protected veteran status.
Job Type: Full-time

One of our direct clients is looking for a Software Developer. Interested candidates can apply and below given is the job description, if there are any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us via Indeed messaging.
Skills Needed: PythonGoLangAngularTest Exec & App Design
Project Overview: Subject Matter expert to assist in onboarding and field questions for a Platform that provides the ability to build processes for Security teams at Google.
Overall Responsibilities: Collaborate with different teams to make sure solutions meet their requirements.Answer questions from teams on how certain features work/are configured.Report back on common use cases that need attentionUpdate documentation that's unclear to users
Mandatory Skills/Qualifications: 2-5 years of experience in any programming languageGolang and/or Python experience is a plusTechnical writing skillsSelf-driven and work independentlyAutodidact, self-learnerFamiliar with Google/Google3
Non-Essential Skills/Qualifications: Hands-on experience with Angular
S2Integrators LLC is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: Up to $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Python: 1 year (Preferred)
Go: 1 year (Preferred)
Angular: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Holman is a global automotive leader that serves both commercial and consumer clients The Holman Way by always doing the right thing for our people, our customers, and the community since 1924. The Holman story began nearly a century ago as a single Ford dealership in New Jersey. Today, Holman, headquartered in Mount Laurel, New Jersey, is one of the largest family-owned automotive service organizations in North America with more than 6,500 employees across North America, the UK, and Germany.
Holman delivers a unique range of automotive-centric services including industry-leading fleet management and leasing; vehicle fabrication and upfitting; component manufacturing and productivity solutions; powertrain distribution and logistics services; commercial and personal insurance and risk management; and retail automotive sales as one of the largest privately owned dealership groups in the United States. Guided by its deeply rooted core values and principles, Holman is continuously Driving What’s Right.
We are currently accepting resumes for the role of Dev OPS Engineer III.
· Job Purpose: This is a functional technology role created to drive the DevOps Continuous Integration (CI) Build capabilities for Holman
· Technical capabilities will require subject matter expertise of source code repositories, code branch/merge strategies, build/package creation, testing patterns associated to packaged code, and other capabilities as maturity of function and role is achieved. Software / Product expertise will iterate with the pipeline advancement but will start with Octopus Deploy and Team City in a primarily Microsoft development environment.
Technical Requirements:

Requires at least two years of experience managing services in Microsoft Azure.
Requires at least three years with CI/CD deployment supporting Microsoft technologies. IIS, Azure DevOps Server, Octopus Deploy and TeamCity is preferred.
Requires strong knowledge of Docker containerization.
Strong knowledge of Windows 2016/2019, Active Directory, IIS and Linux.
Solid understanding of troubleshooting connectivity to Oracle and MSSQL databases.

Essential Functions:

Identify opportunity to automate scripts for software builds and deployments.
Develops system standards and procedures.
Troubleshoots, identifies and solves technical problems.
Deploys new application software and performs application upgrades following established procedures.
Installs application patches following established procedures.
Interfaces with vendors, developers, and infrastructure teams to ensure timely problem resolution.
Monitors and manages application availability, capacity, and performance based on established performance metrics.
Evaluates new third party products and makes recommendations.
Other duties as assigned.

Other Requirements:

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related field is preferred.
Minimum of 5+ years of Hands-on experience working as a DevOps/Build/Deployment and Engineering & Operations skills

At Holman, we exist to provide rewarding careers and better lives for employees and their families. We hire, train, empower, and reward exceptional people.
Our journey is guided by our desire to get it right every time and the acknowledgement that we have an opportunity to be better. To be better, we have to do better, and to do better we must know better. That’s why we are listening, open to learning new things – about ourselves and each other. We will never stop striving for improved diversity, equity, and inclusion because we are successful together when we feel trusted and supported. It’s The Holman Way.
Holman provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. 
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
About Ankr

Paving the way to the open internet of the future, Ankr offers node solutions for over 50 different chains and a "1 click" API service for Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, Polygon, Avalanche and more. Our primary mission is to help usher in developers into the web3 ecosystem. To do this, we pioneer new solutions to solve some of the most pressing problems across decentralized systems and the DeFi movement, to lower the entry barrier for everyday people, enterprises, and developers to contribute to blockchain ecosystems.

Check us out: https://www.ankr.com/

Ankr was founded in 2017 in Berkeley, California. The founding team and headquarters are based in San Francisco. Ankr has a distributed team of over 150+ people operating remotely and from offices in San Francisco, Shanghai, Moscow, and Amsterdam.

The next phase of the internet is based on distributed networks which make the new generation of platforms, applications and services more private, secure, reliable and censorship resistant.

By cutting out intermediaries and gatekeepers, builders and users gain back control over their applications and data.

Our mission is to make web3 easy to use for everyone!

Responsibilities
Implement and own marketing pages
Implement and own an interactive signup experience
Collaborate with backend engineers to design and implement reporting dashboard
Requirements
Experience working with modern frontend build systems
Proven track record with a modern frontend framework
Experience bootstrapping projects from the ground up
Experience with the Web3 tech stack

ANKR is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with a disability.Company Description

Dropbox is a leading global collaboration platform that's transforming the way people work together, from the smallest business to the largest enterprise. With more than 500 million registered users across more than 180 countries, our mission is to design a more enlightened way of working. From our headquarters in San Francisco to eight dedicated Studios and a worldwide team of employees who choose where they work best, our Virtual First approach is leading the way into the future of work.

Team Description

Our Engineering team is working to simplify the way people work together. They’re building a family of products that handle over a billion files a day for people around the world. With our broad mission and massive scale, there are countless opportunities to make an impact.

Role Description
Our strategy starts with our mission: how do we build the right set of products that can help our customers work in a more enlightened way? If the first big problem Dropbox solved was getting your files in the cloud, the new problem we’re solving is helping you organize your life. At the same time, we need to decrease the complexity and cost while improving speed and completeness of programs that protect user privacy and comply with the law.
As we’re evolving the core business from syncing and sharing files, we are looking for Senior Software Engineers to develop technical solutions that operate efficiently at Dropbox's scale, protect user privacy and comply with the ever-evolving legal framework in all regions where Dropbox does business. An engineer in this team will spend its first 2-3 years dedicated to internal improvements, including building up internal tooling and enabling compliance with technical legal requirements. Once internal capabilities have been up-leveled, this function will take on external-facing projects as well, including building tooling to expand user privacy.
Responsibilities

You will articulate a technical vision for a more enlightened way of working and work with multi-functional partners to deliver that vision
You will write code as we expect our technical leadership to be in the trenches alongside junior engineers, understanding root causes and leading by example
You will partner with Security and other Dropbox teams to build software or leverage existing technology to address privacy requirements.
You will partner with Legal’s Privacy team to develop solutions that meet their requirements.
You will partner with the Application Security team to advocate for privacy starting left in the development lifecycle.
You will develop and execute against both short and long-term roadmaps, making effective tradeoffs between business impact, user experience, and a high-quality technical foundation
You will improve the team and company – you will be an active participant in our culture (mentorship, interviewing, and new initiatives)
You will own relationships with other engineering teams and collaborate with other functions within Dropbox
Requirements

BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field involving coding (e.g., physics or mathematics), or equivalent technical experience
5+ years of software engineering and/or work related industry experience
Previous success developing and shipping a large-scale web application with a user-empathetic mindset
Skilled at building user-facing software and supporting systems and libraries for the web and/or desktop
You can handle full-stack projects and are able to build a minimum working product quickly

Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland).

Benefits and Perks

Generous company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage

401k + company match

Market competitive total compensation package

Free Dropbox space for your friends and family

Wellness Reimbursement

Generous vacation policy

11 company paid holidays

Volunteer time off

Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics)

DeepSight Technology Inc. is seeking to hire a full-time Software Engineer/ Imaging to join our medical imaging technology team in our St. Louis, MO or Santa Clara, CA office. This position earns a competitive salary, depending on experience, as well as generous benefits, including health, vision, dental, stock options, and a 401(k)-retirement plan. If this sounds like the right opportunity for you, apply today!

 ABOUT DEEPSIGHT TECHNOLOGY INC.
 DeepSight Technology Inc. is a stealth mode startup company that has developed breakthrough technology in ultrasound imaging. This new technology will extend both the range and clarity over current systems by 10x - 100x! We are setting new standards that will dramatically improve the capabilities of ultrasound for many years.
 In order to develop and improve this technology, we need dedicated team players on our side. Not only do we offer a great team-oriented environment, we also offer competitive compensation and generous benefits.

 A DAY IN THE LIFE OF A SOFTWARE ENGINEER / IMAGING
 As a Software Engineer / Imaging, you develop various signal and image processing algorithms for our ground-breaking ultrasound systems. Working closely with our transducer, hardware, and systems teams, you optimize the design of our system prototypes and products. You are helping to shape the software architecture of our next-generation, high-quality medical imaging systems. Using Python, C/C++, or CUDA, you design our imaging pipeline and implement its components. You are a dedicated team player that gets great satisfaction out of helping to develop and improve technology that can impact the lives of people around the world!

 QUALIFICATIONS FOR A SOFTWARE ENGINEER / IMAGING

 Master's in an engineering or computer science field OR equivalent industry experience
 5+ years of experience in commercial software development
 Experience with GPU programming (CUDA or OpenCL)
 Experience with programming environment tools and IDEs such as Visual Studio or Eclipse
 Experience with UX design and modern UI graphics frameworks, including Qt, WPF, and OpenGL
 Programming skills in Python, C++, or CUDA
 Strong signal and image processing skills

 Experience designing software architecture for medical systems and expertise in medical imaging methods like beamforming, Doppler, MRI, or CT would be helpful but are not necessarily required. Do you have a positive, can-do attitude that helps you rise to challenges? Are you collaborative? Do you have effective communication skills? Are you attentive to detail? Do you take pride in your work? Are you efficient and able to effectively prioritize multiple tasks in order to manage your time? Do you take pride in your work? Are you career-minded? If so, you might just be perfect for this Software Engineer / Imaging position!

 WORK SCHEDULE
 This full-time programming position will work remotely or at one of our US offices in the St. Louis or San Francisco Bay areas.

 READY TO JOIN OUR MEDICAL IMAGING TECHNOLOGY TEAM?
 We understand your time is valuable and that is why we have a very quick and easy application process. If you feel that you would be right for this programming job, please fill out our initial 3-minute, mobile-friendly application. We look forward to meeting you!

 Location: 63101


Who we are: 
Forta Health is clearing the path to quality healthcare. Forta delivers the best possible outcomes with the utmost convenience. We improve the patient journey and improve personalized care by applying AI and machine learning to optimize the treatment pathway.
The first care vertical Forta improves is autism ABA therapy. Care is difficult to access and the delivery model must be reinvented to provide early access to families. 1 in 44 children [CDC, 2021] are diagnosed to be on the autism spectrum. We are looking for driven, innovative, patient-focused individuals to join our team as we reinvent the care and tools available to neurodiverse families.
About the position: 

Full time, salary
Remote, US-based
Must have reliable internet access

What you’ll do: 

Be responsible for developing and implementing roadmaps for software project development and engineering strategic planning
Design, develop, and maintain software applications to support business needs
Design and implement flexible workflows that support the ingestion, transformation, and storage of complex clinical data
Collaborate with the data science team to deliver data products and deploy machine learning-based clinical applications
Collaborate with the data science team and the business team to drive cross-product data projects
Establish and implement policies and procedures to help the team operate efficiently
Lead the adoption and integration of new techniques in the world of software engineering and put them into practice to develop novel approaches in the domain of healthcare applications
Recruit and mentor junior software engineers and specialists

What you bring: (requirements)

Bachelors or graduate degree in computer science, software engineering, or related field, with at least 3 years of related experience
Extensive experience with Python ecosystem and related data frameworks and libraries
Strong understanding of distributed computing and scalability
Strong understanding of NoSQL and SQL databases
Experience in developing and maintaining healthcare systems integrations and data pipelines
Experience with security standards and compliance
Excellent communication and writing skills
Ability to operate in a fast-moving environment supporting a rapidly growing business
Experience with agile development and championing projects, from development to finished product

What we offer: 

Competitive salary

If this sounds like your next career move, send us an email explaining your interest and experience with an attached resume. We will be interviewing as applications come in so, don’t wait to apply.
Looking forward to working with you.
check us out at
www.fortahealth.com
-
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Forta Inc. is a Drug-Free Workplace/ EO employer-M/F/Veteran/Disability.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Weekend availability

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

NoSQL: 3 years (Preferred)
SQL: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


NGP VAN is the leading technology provider to Democratic and progressive campaigns and organizations, as well as nonprofits, municipalities, and other groups, offering clients an integrated platform of the best fundraising, compliance, field, organizing, digital, and social networking products.
 Trusted by campaigns of every size, NGP VAN's award-winning tools have elected thousands of Democrats to local, state, and federal office. Nearly every Democrat running for office is powered by NGP VAN. There's a friendly, relaxed atmosphere at NGP VAN that makes work fun. Fueled by our love of important causes + game-changing technology, our team is made up of smart, passionate people who truly care.
 Join us as a Software Engineer for an opportunity to work on industry-leading applications and use the latest web technology while doing it. Some things we work with: ASP.NET (Web Forms, MVC and Web Api), ReactJS, SQL at massive scale, Azure, Redis, and ElasticSearch.
 Responsibilities

 Design good systems
 Write good code
 Ship good products (often)

 Actual Minimum Requirements
 This is an entry-level position, though we do value previous engineering experience.
 What We're Looking For
 We don't require that you have experience with all of this to begin with, but it is directly relevant to the role.

 Working knowledge of web scalability problems and common solutions
 Experience with C# and ASP.NET
 Strong JavaScript skills
 Great communication skills

 About Us
 Our Culture
 Our team is made up of industry experts and advocates who are 100% committed to supporting the doers of social good.
 Some of our comprehensive and competitive benefits include

 Generous PTO policy
 Equity for ALL regular, full-time employees from individual contributors to management – share in our success!
 Up to 15 paid company holidays including some commemorating social justice events and self-care
 Paid parental leave
 Health, vision, dental, and life insurance with additional access to health and wellness programs.

 How to Apply
 Fill out the application profile found here.
 NGP VAN believes a diverse, inclusive staff makes us a stronger company and better partner for our clients. Women, people of color, LGBTQ individuals, and members of other minority or marginalized groups are encouraged to apply. We’re committed to hiring people on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need, and EveryAction is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
 
8tx5juWUKh

About Protocol Labs

Protocol Labs drives breakthroughs in computing to push humanity forward. Protocol Labs is a product-development lab, but behind the protocols and tools we build, behind the research and implementations, are passionate people, teammates, and community members. Most teams in the Protocol Labs Network are fully distributed and work remotely around the world. Engineers, researchers, and operators work in the open to improve the internet — humanity's most important technology — as we explore new advances at the intersection of many exciting fields (crypto, networks, distributed systems) and cultures (startups, research, open-source, distributed work).
Stewards IPLD sets direction/standards for projects, protocols, and architecture. Cultivate a vibrant contributing community around IPLD

As Engineering Manager at Protocol Labs, you will...

Magnify the impact of multiple teams of software engineers and open source contributors in their implementation of complex, distributed systems and protocols.
Grow engineers’ skills, experience and confidence through regular 1:1s, coaching, actionable feedback, work and peer alignment, and career advocacy.
Lead, improve, and document processes for technical prioritization, planning, design, implementation and releases in harmony with and expanding open source community participation.
Communicate regularly with stakeholders and adjacent teams to build a shared understanding and accommodation of competing priorities.
Empower engineers to solve problems, fostering a balance of velocity and rigor through scalable, asynchronous decision-making practices.
Maintain and strengthen a team and community culture of growth, openness, trust, rigor, humility, mutual support, and psychological safety.
Advocate for and enhance PL’s asynchronous, autonomous, and distributed working culture.
Lead the process of recruiting great engineers for your project, in collaboration with PL’s recruiting team.
Support and guide other people-managers at Protocol Labs as a member of PL’s young engineering management discipline.
You may be a fit for this role if you have...
Demonstrable success as an engineering lead/manager fostering highly-functional, healthy, inclusive and collaborative teams.
Technical credibility through lengthy software engineering experience with back-end and distributed systems and infrastructure.
A strong desire for and history of contributions to open source projects and communities.
Experience working with and/or managing geographically distributed teams.
Actively coached, mentored and grown team members in their careers.
Ability to thrive with a high level of self-direction, autonomy and responsibility.
A track record of recruiting and retaining great people to your teams.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
An excitement for collaborating with people across Protocol Labs towards our shared mission.
Bonus Points
You have experience with or deep knowledge of cryptography, globally distributed systems, blockchain or other related domains.
Demonstrable open source community curation and leadership experience.

#LI-MT1
What’s it like to work at Protocol Labs?

Protocol Labs' mission is to improve humanity’s most important technology, the Internet. We build protocols, systems, and tools to improve how it works. Today, we are focused on how we store, locate, and move information. Our projects include IPFS, Filecoin, libp2p, and more.

As a distributed team, we hire anywhere in the world, and at various levels of experience (entry, senior, staff). We look for people with unique perspectives and diverse backgrounds.

We have a great benefits package, including parental leave, contributions to your retirement, competitive pay, and unlimited time off. For U.S.-based employees, we also provide platinum-level health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family.

If you’re passionate about the future of computing and a more democratized internet, we want to talk to you.


GDPR for Job Applicants and Candidates

When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Protocol Labs, Inc. (“Protocol Labs”), which is located at 427 N Tatnall St #51207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 and can be contacted by emailing legalrequests[at]protocol.ai. Protocol Labs’ data protection team can be contacted via legalrequests[at]protocol.ai. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Protocol Labs’ recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Protocol Labs, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.

Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Protocol Labs to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Protocol Labs’ behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards.

Your personal data will be retained by Protocol Labs as long as Protocol Labs determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment or to assist in the hiring process. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have the right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority.


Who we are
 At Path we believe behavioral health should be treated with the same respect, rigor, and focus of other chronic diseases. We're building the future of mental health, and in 20 years we'll look back and be astounded that we ever treated the physical before the mental.
 What we're solving
 Over 65 million Americans suffer from a treatable mental health issue - that's 1 out of every 5 people. Today it's difficult to find a provider, and for those with complicated conditions, it's nearly impossible to find coordinated care. We're here to fix this.
 How we're solving
 Path is at the intersection of tech + mental health with thousands of therapists, psychiatrists, and other mental health services delivering care through a virtual first approach. Our platform matches patients with exactly the right person for their needs, whether it's experience with a certain condition, gender, race, location, life experience, etc.

 Role Overview
 As a member of Path's Engineering team, you'll be able to focus on doing your best work and create a real impact with a team of like-minded people who waste minimal time on unnecessary overhead. While we're looking for software engineers of all levels of seniority, we're excited by candidates who enjoy and are capable of working on a small team with a fast-growing product. We're looking for generalists who can work across the stack and those who gravitate towards frontend, backend, or infrastructure engineering. We recognize people are passionate about different areas and you'll have the option to be involved in as much (or as little) as you'd like.
 Today we build products for 2 primary customers; patients and therapists:
 On the patient side, we're focused on a fast and delightful enrollment where patients can find a therapist that's right for them and who takes their insurance in less than 10 minutes.
 On the therapist side, we're building a full set of practice management software including patient recruiting, scheduling, patient notes, referrals, and more. Our therapists spend all day in Path and their experience needs to be fantastic.
 This is a really unique opportunity to help build on the foundational engineering infrastructure at a company where the business is already humming and we have thousands of users every day. If this sounds exciting and energizing, we'd love to talk!
 Technical Stack
 Path's systems are written in Ruby on Rails, with React frontends. We use Postgres for our databases and everything is hosted on AWS. We also make heavy use of existing tools like Salesforce, Airtable, Typeform, etc. This has enabled us to scale very quickly with a small team but we're now ready to bring much of this work in-house. We're standing up the technical foundation that will power the future of the company. It doesn't matter if you don't have experience with the specific technologies in our stack, we'd still love to connect with you!
 What You'll Be Doing
 As an engineer at Path, you'll have endless opportunities to help build, shape, and lay the tracks for future technical infrastructure, and provide input on product, design, and cultural decisions, if that interests you.
 In this role, you will:

Spend most of your time writing code. We are a small team with minimal overhead and you'll spend the vast majority of your day actually writing code.
Build, test, and deploy software in a continuous manner (we deploy throughout the week, if not every day)
Work across the company to shape the future of the engineering organization. We are getting started and if there's a topic you're passionate about like recruiting, deployment, infrastructure, tools, etc., we're excited for you to contribute.
Actively shape the product direction by participating in product reviews, design reviews, and customer research.
Create and contribute to technical specs and testing/rollout plans.
Work with external and internal stakeholders to ensure we're solving the right problems.
Mentor and sponsor your teammates to help them grow.

What We're Looking For
 Even if you don't have experience with the specific technologies in our stack, we'd love to talk to you! An ideal candidate would be someone with the following traits:

Self-managed work-ethic. We are building a highly focused, low overhead team and trust people to get their work done on their own initiative
Shipped customer-focused software at scale
Problem solvers, people who are going to be able to spot problems in existing systems and/or people who come with a solution-oriented approach
Working experience from a technology company or technology startup
Collaborative working style, success working across functions
Clear and concise written, verbal, and technical communication skills
Experience writing well-structured, well-tested, and maintainable code
Demonstrated ability to mentor and teach others



 Our Team
 Path is a respectful, upbeat, and remote-first team united by our mission of simplifying behavioral healthcare services. We want our employees to be themselves and celebrate each other's differences. We trust our employees to do what's best for patients and our fellow team members without bureaucracy. We prioritize self-care and are building a sustainable business for the long term.
 As Part Of Our Team, Full-Time Employees Receive

The ability to work from wherever you want within the US
Competitive pay and benefits that don't change based on your location
2 company-wide shutdown weeks each year to focus on self-care
Paid parental leave to support you and your family
Medical, dental, and vision insurance through our employer plan
Access to our 401K
Access to an Employer Assistance Plan (EAP) through our insurance plan
The equipment you need to ensure your home office sets you up for success

#LI-PATH1




The Role
 This role is either based in SF, or remote (US timezone) and reports to the Head of Engineering.


 What you might build

Advisor profile page that provides every working professional with Shopify-like tooling to be booked by anyone. 
Knowledge graph search interface to browse associations between people, companies, products, technologies, areas of research, etc. 
Knowledge screener - building interface to determining whether an advisor has the knowledge a client is looking for. 
Multi-party audio/video experience with real-time transcriptions.


 
Engineers on the team today

Work in React primarily (Next.js). 
Are not afraid to make backend changes anywhere in the stack to avoid having to wait for someone else to unblock them. 
Have autonomy to figure out the solutions to their challenges. 
Put themselves in the shoes of our users to craft a great experience. 
Are able to communicate effectively both with technical engineers and with non-technical teammates. 
Are obsessed with productivity and hate wasting time. Write scripts to automate their repetitive tasks. 
Have an eye for visual design. They notice when spacing and fonts are inconsistent, and it bothers them. 
Are constantly thinking, "How can I structure this code so future developers will be less likely to accidentally break it?" 
Seek tight feedback loops between the work we do and the impact it has on users.


 
Who you are:

2+ years experience as full-time software developer - enough that you know what you're doing and will be able to hit the ground running (if you will need mentorship that's ok). 
Have worked on great products and complex systems. You know what world-class engineering looks like. You have high standards and know how to ship. 
You are solutions-oriented and are an optimist on most days. Our work environment is very important to us. We want a team of "let's find a way" people, not "no" people. 
You thrive when you truly own something. We will very quickly give you parts of the system to own. 
Have a history of being more effective than your peers and want to be part of an effective team.


 
Our current tech stack:

AWS 
Docker 
Vercel 
Elasticsearch 
MongoDB 
Node.js (express) 
React (Next.js) 
Tailwind


 
Benefits:

Healthcare, dental, and vision coverage 
Blank check for your ideal workstation setup (laptop, keyboard, chair, etc.). 
Professional development annual stipend for select online courses (e.g. Reforge, Lenny Rachitsky's Product Management Bootcamp, On Deck) 
$100 monthly fitness stipend 
Flexible vacation time, regular company holidays 
Company retreats (Tahoe, Maui, Mendocino etc) 
Parent-friendly, remote work, and paid family leave



Basic Qualifications 3+ years of experience with SailPoint, including experience with features, integration,and architecture with the ability to communicate about SailPoint and implementation atboth the functional and technical level 3+ years experience designing, configuring, maintaining and upgrading a highlyavailability SailPoint IdentityIQ (IIQ) solution 2+ years of experience utilizing tools available for onboarding, troubleshooting, andworking with SailPoint Support, including Administrator Console, Advanced Analytics,IdentityIQ Console, or Debug pages 2+ years of experience with coding Identity Management solutions using Java,Beanshell, XML or J2EE Experience working in an Identity Governance Role to facilitate Identity AccessManagement (IAM) practices to include entitlement certifications, Joiner, Mover, leaverworkflows and continuous monitoring Experience working with cloud-based platforms, including AWS and Azure Experience evaluating data quality using IdentityIQ reporting and searchingfunctionality. Experience implementing Lifecycle Manager (LCM) Configuration workflow tasks thatmodel business functions, including Lifecycle Requests, such as Role, Entitlement,Account, or Password, Lifecycle Events, such as Joiner, Mover, or Leaver, and LCMWorkflow Details (Workflows and Sub processes) Public TrustAdditional Qualifications Experience Creating processes for supporting IdentityIQ certification campaigns Experience utilizing advanced authentication Experience integrating ServiceNow activities Bachelor's degree in Information Technology
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $130,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Sailpoint: 3 years (Required)
Beanshell, XML or J2EE: 2 years (Required)
AWS or Azure: 1 year (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Required)

Work Location: Remote

No H1B PleaseDevelop software to quality and performance standardsDevelop and document software processes and procedures·Provide innovative methods and ideas to improve current code-·baseCreate and maintain specifications, schedules, and unit tests·Work with other disciplines to develop solutions for current and·future productsProvide internal and external presentations within areas of·expertise
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
COVID-19 continues to significantly impact our employees, families and communities. With employee health and safety as our top priority, and as a federal contractor, Lockheed Martin is taking action to address the increased risk and uncertainty COVID-19 variants pose in the workplace and ensuring we meet our commitments to national security.

To uphold safety for all employees, we will continue to request vaccination status for all Lockheed Martin employees including new hires. All current and newly hired employees are required to follow onsite safety measures based upon the COVID-19 Community Level at the specific work location.
Description:Become part of the Future of IT at Lockheed Martin as a Delivery Contributor within the IT Asset Management organization! This dynamic, fast-paced environment is embracing agile to enable our strategic goals. The IT Asset Management team is seeking a software developer to be a part of the Systems team. This team is instrumental in Asset management application administration and application development supporting enhancement and automation for asset management applications. This role will report to the LM IT Asset Management Systems team.
The Systems Delivery Team mission includes (but is not limited to) creating/enhancing data architecture, enforcing data policies, increasing automation, creating/unifying dashboard, producing standard reports/KPIs, systems management, creating/maintaining system interfaces, and analyzing IT Asset Management system lifecycles.
As a member of the Systems team, the Software Developer will implement solutions leveraging the ServiceNow platform that are simple, intuitive, easy to use, and allows customers to extend and customize the functionality to meet their specific business needs. In addition, the Software Developer will support SQL Database administration.
While it is preferred that this person be based at a major Lockheed Martin location, other locations, including fully remote, will be considered. This could be a fully telecommuting position.
Basic Qualifications:
Develop across the full stack of Web technologies -Java, JavaScript, HTML and CSS
Ability to translate requirements/stories and mock-ups into fully functional features by working closely with the implementation project team
Work in a Scrum-based, Agile development process that is light on documentation and meetings and heavy on coding
Experience configuring the Application UI and workflows
Attend, participate, and occasionally lead Scrum meetings
Desired Skills:
ServiceNow Administration
ServiceNow Development
ServiceNow Hardware Asset Management
ITAM certifications such as CSAM, CHAMP, CITAD, etc.

ServiceNow Certified System Administrator (CSA)
ServiceNow Certified Implementation Specialist
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional

Join our Data Services team as a Software Engineer When was the last time you bragged about where you work? At CARFAX, we do it every day. Why? Because we’re proud to work for a company with a strong mission and trusted brand. We’re proud to work with people who care about what they do and work hard every day to deliver their best.
 And just announced, the return of the 4-day work week from May 30th to Labour Day! We’ve created the type of company culture where the term, “work- hard play- hard” isn’t just a catchy saying, it’s part of the #CARFAXdifference!
 As a Software Engineer on the Data Services team, you will use big data analytics to build intelligent frameworks that support everything from modernizing legacy processes to crafting original backend systems. The Data Services team uses Agile development methods to harnesses revolutionary tools and innovative thinking to bring forward thinking products to fruition. The team is devoted to working smarter by cutting through the nonsense and getting stuff done. If you are passionate about technology and are looking to accelerate your career while building innovative products, consider a future as a Software Engineer on CARFAX’s Data Services team.
 As a Software Engineer you will:

 Work in a team environment using Agile practices
 Develop frameworks and tools to process and analyze large amounts of data for business analytics
 Utilize Test Driven, Paired Programming and Continuous Integration development methods
 Communicate directly with internal customers on a daily basis
 Assist in the migration from legacy systems
 Constantly learn from and educate others to improve yourself and CARFAX

 As a Software Engineer you will be expected to have:

 2+ years of professional experience with Object Oriented Programming – in Java or a similar language
 Ability to solve complex problems and learn from mistakes
 Familiarity with database concepts
 Experience working in a collaborative team environment
 Experience designing systems based on the received requirements
 Good oral and written communication skills

 Experience in more than one of the following is also helpful:

 MongoDB, Oracle, MySQL, ETL
 Docker, Mesos, Spring
 ReactJS, NodeJS
 Git version control
 Linux/Unix
 Testing frameworks, JUnit, Mockito
 AWS knowledge is a plus
 Design patterns is a plus




Senior Software Engineer (Windows Graphics Rendering)
Required Skills

C/C++ SW development
Experience with the Windows graphics rendering pipeline
GPU programming with DirectX, Vulkan, CUDA, Direct Compute, OpenGL, or OpenCL
Significant experience with DirectShow, DirectDraw, Microsoft Media Foundation, Windows Composition API, HLSL, or Win2D
Knowledge of real-time stream solutions (e.g. RTP)

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $84,522.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

C/C++ SW development: 6 years (Preferred)
Windows graphics: 6 years (Preferred)
Win2D and CUDA: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

In search of a creative and efficient software developer to immerse themselves in our existing proprietary platform. We need someone that can quickly learn it, maintain it, build on it and work well with others to do the same.

Must have developed in LAMP environment
Minimum 3 years PHP experience (PHP 5.6 or newer)
Minimum 3 years MySQL or similar language experience
Minimum 1 year experience in front-end web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript/jQuery)
Experience in both procedural and object-oriented/MVC PHP a plus
Experience in writing documentation for end-user a plus
Experience with other platforms is a plus (NodeJS, etc.)
Experience with AWS is a plus (EC2, RDS, Elastic Beanstalk)
Have ability to work on projects to completion without being micromanaged (edited)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $55,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

PHP: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Company OverviewActiveProspect is the SaaS platform for consent-based marketing.Our comprehensive product suite empowers companies across industries to take real-time action on their leads, protect themselves from litigation by documenting proof of consent, and save money by providing new levels of data insights and control.Our mission is to make consent-based marketing the best channel for customer acquisition.Job SummaryAs a JavaScript Engineer on the LeadConduit team you will play a vital role in maintaining and adding features to the LeadConduit product. We're a small team where each developer has a say in the direction our products take and the work you do will make a direct impact on the success of what we do.As such, you will:

Ship clean, well-tested code to production on a regular basis
Work closely with the LeadConduit back-end engineers to ensure uninterrupted service
Provide input and technical direction for frontend development
Participate in planning and estimating to continuously improve the product
Perform code reviews and mentor junior engineers

Who you are

Aware that what you say is not nearly as important as how you say it
Understand that progress occurs faster when the whole team progresses
Curious about why something goes wrong rather than frustrated by it
Determined to ship the best code you can within given constraints
Driven to continue learning and exploring
Passionate about solving problems; even the mundane ones
Funny, or at the very least have a good sense of humor

Qualifications and Skills

More than 2 years experience working as a frontend developer
A strong knowledge of VueJS preferred
A strong knowledge of Vanilla JavaScript
A strong knowledge of HTML, and CSS
Familiarity with the other popular frameworks (Angular, React, etc.)
Proficient with Git and GitHub

How to Stand Out

Experience with Angular.js v1
Familiarity with Storybook
Experience with one or more front-end testing frameworks (Jest, Mocha)
Experience with AWS (AMI, S3, Dynamo, SQS, CloudFront)
Comfortable working in a remote-first environment
Within 4 hours of Central Time

Benefits and Perks

A financially stable company, with the freedom and opportunities of a startup culture
A remote-first culture
Flexible work schedule
Unlimited vacation time
A fun, friendly remote culture with monthly virtual happy hours and team-building events
Retirement plan matching up to 3% of your salary
Health, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance

ActiveProspect is an Equal Opportunity Employer
0rj0RxfHdt
Job Type: Full-time

Team Coaches is looking for a Full Stack Founding Developer to join our revolutionary company.
We are looking for a qualified Full Stack developer to join our company. You will be responsible for building new features and maintaining of our web applications. You should be able to translate our company and customer needs into functional and appealing interactive applications. If you’re interested in creating a user-friendly environment by writing code and moving forward in your career, then this job is for you. We expect you to be a tech-savvy professional, who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design. Ultimately, you should be able to create a functional and attractive digital environment for our company, ensuring great user experience.
Responsibilities

Use markup languages like HTML to create user-friendly web pages
Maintain and improve webapp
Optimize applications for maximum speed
Collaborate with other developers and web designers to improve usability
Get feedback from, and build solutions for, users and customers
Write functional requirement documents and guides
Create architecture diagram of the software
Help and supervise other developers with coding and troubleshooting
Ensure high quality graphic standards and brand consistency
Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies

Skills

Proven work experience as a Front-end and back-end developer
Experience with TypeScript, JavaScript, CSS and React
Experience with back-end technologies NodeJS, ExpressJS
Experience with Databases - Redis, PostgreSQL
Experience with DevOps - Docker and other technologies
Experience with Automation Testing tools (Jest, Cypress, RTL)
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging
In-depth understanding of the entire web development process (design, development and deployment)
Understanding of layout aesthetic
Proficiency with Git
Appreciation for clean and well documented code
Being able to communicate properly in English.
An ability to perform well in a fast-paced environment
Excellent analytical and multitasking skills

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Pay: $500.00 - $1,000.00 per month
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Paid time off
Professional development assistance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

TypeScript: 2 years (Required)
JavaScript: 4 years (Required)
React: 3 years (Required)
Node.js: 3 years (Required)
Express.js: 3 years (Required)
Redis: 2 years (Required)
Relational databases: 2 years (Required)
Docker: 2 years (Preferred)
DevOps: 2 years (Preferred)
Software testing: 2 years (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Nira is looking for Fullstack Tech/Team Leads with specific experience in React/Typescript/GraphQL to join our fast growing, 100% remote team. Ideally these roles are located somewhere in the Americas (GMT-3 through GMT-7) but we'll consider qualified candidates from all locations/timezones.
 As a key member of our engineering team, you’ll lead the development of many high impact initiatives. We’re looking for strong engineers who work well on a small team and are excited about the opportunity to have a direct impact on improving customer experience. As a tech/team lead, you are someone who can see projects through from beginning to end, coach others, and self-manage, requiring good organizational skills and attention to detail. You will be responsible for the overall development and integration of our user interface and API components of our customer-facing applications.
 If you are technically-skilled, creative, and collaborative, then this is the perfect position for you.
 What You’ll Do

 Take a technical leadership role in a squad of 2-5 engineers in scoping, estimating and planning of enhancements to Nira’s customer facing web apps, informed by product management.
 Use your strong frontend and full stack development experience to deliver and drive work on new features/functions and iterating/improving existing features/functions reflecting user feedback and customer priorities.
 Collaborate with engineering and product managers to design and deliver high quality functions and features in the Nira app to match customer requirements and expectations
 Ensure that implemented frontend and full stack functionality meets performance requirements in terms of code quality, standards adherence, user loads (throughput/latency), user productivity, lifecycle sustainability
 Help train and mentor frontend and fullstack developers as they grow in new technical knowledge and experience.

 What We're Looking For

 Bachelors degree or equivalent experience
 You’ve got 3 years of small group leadership and coordination experience in planning and delivery of technical projects
 You’ve got 8 years of full stack hands on engineering experience with: Apollo, GraphQL, NodeJS, MongoDB, Postgres, TypeScript, React
 You have high accountability and ownership of your work.
 You have a bias towards action. You love to move fast, are self motivated, and a life-long learner.
 You care about working on fast-growing products while iterating and sweating the details.
 You’re willing to do whatever it takes, even if this means working outside of your role (occasional out of hours to sync across timezones, frontend help backend, handle customer support, etc).
 You’re able to effectively balance speed/quality/tech debt and make engineering decisions that enable speed and quality results.
 You’re a product thinker who cares about the customer.

 Benefits and Perks

 Work From Anywhere - 100% remote/distributed team
 Flexible Work Schedule
 BYO Kit or Company Allowance
 Competitive Salary
 Unlimited PTO
 Medical and Dental (US only)

 Reference #27nng


RII develops cutting-edge software for the government and military. We use agile development practices and user-centered design to create innovative software solutions for complex real-world problems. We're breaking through the big, slow status quo with transformative technology that fundamentally changes and improves the world.
We are looking for a committed Quality Engineer to join our QA team. Solve unique, challenging problems for our Defense and Homeland Security customers. Help manage large volumes of critical, real-time information about issues from global to local. Get s#it done.
*This position requires ability to obtain a US security clearance. A current active clearance is not required.*
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING

Helping to plan the effort to implement and verify the quality of features being developed
Writing test / use case scenarios to be used in planning manual and automated testing
Developing test plans and test cases to be used in automated, feature, regression, acceptance, and smoke testing
Executing manual and automated tests to ensure conformance to requirements and/or customer expectations
Communicating with others on the Engineering team regarding test failures and defects
Creating and reviewing defects / enhancements in an issue tracking system such as Jira

WHAT YOU HAVE DONE

Experience with the software development lifecycle, and in particular with software testing and/or requirements development
Excellent analytical skills, with the ability to decompose problems into testable steps and isolate problems to determine root causes
Experience using test automation tools such as Selenium, BDD, and/or scripting languages such as Java Groovy, Python, or others
Excellent communications skills, in particular written English in a technical business context, and experience conveying information to/from software developers, customers, and other stakeholders with varying technical backgrounds
Strong time-management skills, including delivering work under deadlines or time pressure
Experience working in small teams to deliver results, with a positive attitude, and commitment to success

EVEN BETTER

Experience with the Agile software development methodology or similar methodologies with iterative processes and fluid requirements (e.g. SCRUM, Kanban, XP, etc.)
Experience testing or developing on a modern web application development project
Experience with software development for the military, or other DoD agencies

At RII, we believe that diversity in our workforce is critical to our success. We strive to hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it makes us stronger. We work to help your intellectual passions and creativity thrive. It’s one of our core values: Let your geek flag fly.
We also offer all employees comprehensive benefits including: flexible work schedules, health insurance coverage, paid time off, 401k with a company match, paid parental leave, access to wellness programs and much more. You get this all from day one, and all paid for by RII.
It’s all part of another of our core values: Stay human. It’s why our comfortable and colorful offices such as our headquarters, include a community game room, pantry, massage chair, and an escape room, among other amenities. It’s why we have a community manager and regular community events.
_It’s also why, during the current pandemic, most of us aren’t actually in our lovely office. We’re all working fully remote where possible, with safety controls for those who do have to be on site. RII is committed to not overwhelming our healthcare system, preventing infection for those most at risk, reducing the impact on our communities, and keeping our employees working._
_Research Innovations, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin, genetics, disability status, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by state, federal or local law._
Job Type: Full-time

Associate Mobile Web Engineer100% REMOTE Position. Candidate must reside in the US.No visa sponsorship available. No C2C.COMPANY OVERVIEWAuthenticID is solving the biggest business issue in the world today: Identity-driven Fraud. Our dynamic, fast growth culture is mission-focused on stopping the bad guys to protect the good guys. Our efforts not only save our customers billions of dollars, but also impede the dehumanizing activities of organized crime, related to drug and human trafficking. What we do matters. It's more than a job, it's a movement on the frontlines of the digital transformation that impacts almost everybody in today's world.ROLE OVERVIEWThe Senior Mobile Engineer reports directly to the Mobile Engineering Manager and will be part of the Product Team.Top 3 key outcomes in the first year include: 

Update legacy code – Take the existing code base and architect it for maintainability, scalability, and testability.
Provide technical input to product – Participate in design reviews with product and provide input about technical feasibility and level of effort
Deployment of code base – Have the ability to independently deploy our various code bases.

QUALIFICATIONS: 

Have worked closely and collaboratively with other developers, testers, and product/project specialists
Able to produce clear documentation
Ability to learn and apply new technologies
Has excellent written and verbal communication skills
Can design, develop, and maintain mobile web applications from scratch
Able to maintain quality and ensure responsiveness of applications.
Closely work with UI/UX designers to convert designs to visual elements.

EXPERIENCE & EDUCATION: 

Familiarity with encryption techniques and algorithms generally applied in mobile applications
A thorough understanding of fundamental software development roles, processes, and procedures
Experience within a Scrum environment
Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills
2+ years of mobile web development experience
Experience with TypeScript, Node.js
Experience consuming and creating RESTful web services
Experience with relational databases
Experience with scripting languages and CI/CD pipelines
Experience with deploying web applications
Experience with source code management
Understanding of modular application architectures and design patterns like MVVM
Unit testing, mobile UI testing, effective debugging skills
Experience implementing Analytic solutions in mobile projects
Ability to modernize legacy code

BENEFITS: 

Competitive salary, year-end bonus, and option grants
Flexible hours
Generous time-off policy including 15 days of PTO, 2 recovery days every month, 5 sick days, 10 paid holidays and 2 floating holidays (56 days of paid time off in your first year)
Gold-level health, dental and vision plans for you and your family
401(k) plan with a company match
Disability and life insurance options
Parental Leave - must be employed 6 months to receive.
Pawternity- 1 day paid leave for the adoption of a new pet
Once-in-a-lifetime experience taking a startup into scale mode, working directly with experienced founders and a diverse, fun-loving and hardworking team

Work Authorization: You must be legally authorized to work in the United States. We encourage candidates with H-4 and L-2 visas to apply.AuthenticID is an equal-opportunity employer, and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. If you're passionate about consumer identity privacy and a team player who wants to join a growing diverse and dynamic team, we look forward to hearing from you!
Job Type: Full-time


To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. 

Job Category Products and Technology 
  
Job Details 
The Tableau Prep team's mission is to help people prepare and curate data for analysis. We solve our customers' complex data preparation problems on ever-increasing data sets in the files, cloud, databases and data warehouses. Getting data ready for analysis can be time-consuming. Tableau Prep makes it possible for more people, from IT to business users, to easily prep their data with a direct and visual approach.   We are looking for a Lead/Principal Engineer for Prep Connectivity team who is passionate about advancing the state-of-the-art Data Management space and in helping deliver on our company’s mission by collaborating in a healthy and diverse environment. The Prep Connectivity team specifically focuses on both the data connectivity and ingestion from a wide variety of sources into Prep, as well as the processing and output into various target destinations. It is a team that is front and center at helping make Prep the most widely accessible and easy-to-use ETL tool on the market - come join us!   What you’ll be doing...  We are looking for a strong Software Engineer to join Tableau Prep's team that focuses on data connectivity, ingestion, processing, and output. You will be responsible for creating features that power Tableau Prep's connectivity platform reading from and loading data into the target destinations. You will - 

Contribute to the design, development, test and operational excellence of the Tableau Prep's platform layer and libraries supporting it. 
Take full ownership of the end-to-end quality of the code deployed to production. 
Drive engineering excellence on the team and foster a culture of continuous learning and obsession around scale, performance, security and usability. 
Work closely with a tight knit engineering team to tackle tough design, product and engineering problems. 
Partner, collaborate, and solve problems with teams across the company. 

 Who you are... 

You're Experienced. You have 7+ years of professional experience building commercial software products as part of a team. We build using Java and C++; you have professional experience with these or similar languages. 
You're Self-Motivated. You take initiative and can turn ideas into real features. You enjoy discussing use cases & user flows with product managers & designers, and contributing ideas to those discussions. 
You have relentlessly High Standards. You are not satisfied by the status quo and work with those around you to improve the quality of our systems, code and engineering practices. You work toward pragmatic solutions that regularly deliver customer-delighting functionality while steadily improving system quality over time. 
You thrive in Ambiguity. You can define and drive solutions and can work with your team in making forward progress even in ambiguity. You exercise sound judgment, are wary of blind spots and can help amplify your team’s strengths. 
Customer Focused. You regularly think from the customer perspective. You want to learn about customers, their challenges & scenarios. 
Good Communicator: You can present your ideas and results to the team, contribute to technical documentation, ask questions and apply active listening skills through effective written and verbal communication. 
Promote healthy work environment: You treat your colleagues with honesty, kindness, and respect and actively do your part to create a positive work environment. You are unafraid to ask questions when you don’t know the answer, and you approach disagreements with the possibility that you might be wrong. You build a healthy work environment which is supportive, challenging, inclusive and high performing. 
You are a recruiter! Tableau hires company builders and, in this role, you will be asked to be on the constant lookout for the best talent to bring onboard to help us continue to build one of the best companies in the world! 


For Colorado-based roles: Minimum annual salary of $150,200. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://salesforcebenefits.com/ 

Accommodations 
If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form . 

Posting Statement 
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits. 

Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org . 

Salesforce welcomes all.




XCOM Labs was founded by Paul Jacobs in 2018. Our team has a proven history of building businesses and setting industry standards. XCOM is a dynamic company that attracts highly talented people who have a passion for transformative 5G wireless technologies. We believe that the only way to predict the future is to INVENT it.


 What you’ll be doing
 As a Software Engineer – Processor Toolchain, you will develop and maintain the toolchain (assembler, linker, debugger, etc.) for a processor with a customized instruction set, and performance analysis tools for assisting application development. You will be an integral member of a cross-functional team and will collaborate closely with the software and hardware architects.

 What you will bring to XCOM

BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a closely related field
5+ years of experience modifying or porting the GNU and/or LLVM toolchains in a Linux environment
5+ years of experience C/C++ software programming



 It’s a bonus if you have:

MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a closely related field
Experience developing toolchains for embedded systems. 
Experience developing for real-time systems. 
Experience developing compiler optimizations or code analysis tools for high-performance applications.



 What XCOM will bring to you!
 During your interview, you will learn about our benefits, innovative technology, and welcoming corporate culture. A few highlights include:

A work environment built on teamwork, innovation, openness, and respect
Professional growth and development by working with industry leaders in 5g technology
Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family with no premium cost to you
Flexible work options based on business needs
401(k) Savings Plan and company equity
Paid holidays and paid time off
Flexible spending accounts
REMOTE or Relocation assistance (if applicable)




The Role:
 Do you love Javascript and are looking for a new challenge? You might be perfect for our Javascript specialist role we are currently looking to fill as we grow our team in 2022.
 As you might imagine, we’re looking for help with our front-end client applications built on the Ember.js. If you have experience in modern javascript frameworks such as Vue.js, React, or Angular.js we are interested in speaking with you, so long as you are excited by the idea of working in the framework. We believe the right person can get up to speed with a new technology and contribute in a meaningful way if the passion to do so is there.
 We’re not looking just for a front-end guru. We love design and appreciate code elegance in styling web UIs, but your specialty in Javascript will also be used in our scraper application, written on Node.js. The application is responsible for integrating with our social network partner’s APIs and payload normalization and is the backbone of the Popular Pays ecosystem.
 You will be a go-to resource for input on architecture and implementation for client and server based features scoped for our projects.
 We’re looking for a product owner for our Node.js scraper application who can help us constantly enhance and implement updates. As such, you will also be a stakeholder in our project planning cycles and have the opportunity to lead projects technically if you want that experience.
 Does this kind of work and responsibility excite you?
 About Popular Pays
 Popular Pays is a marketplace that connects brands and creators to produce custom content that works. Our primary product is a tech platform that streamlines the traditional content creation and influencer marketing process. Popular Pays provides marketers with the necessary tools to be successful in today’s modern social marketing landscape.  PopPays is a Y Combinator alum – “the world’s most powerful start-up incubator” according to Fast Company – and our top-notch client list includes brands like Hyatt, Kraft, Coca Cola, Frito Lay, Jim Beam, M&Ms, Amazon, Samsung, Corona, TOMS, and many more.
 Benefits
 We pay competitively across the tech industry (our HQ is in Chicago) based on where we believe you measure up on our engineering ladder regardless of where you choose to call home. We offer many of the perks you’ll find at other tech companies - company-issued computer, monthly office stipend, 401k, maternity & paternity leave, and generous PTO.
 Requirements
 We prefer not to set specific requirements for candidates - We know everyone has different career journeys and that’s something we embrace. If you feel confident that you would fit well into this role, we would like for you to apply!
 High level, that’s the job. We’re sure you have more detailed questions about the role and are excited to answer them during the interview process.
 Engineering Culture
 Here’s a high-level overview of the core values of our engineering team:
 We believe engineering teammates are owners of the Product.
 We believe in being lean, scoping projects, shipping continuously, communicating the good and bad.
 We believe in failure - it makes us stronger.
 We believe in shipping and iteration, not endless deliberation and inaction.
 We believe you thrive in a feedback heavy culture.
 We are opinionated, but open to ideas.
 We believe in writing code that follows existing patterns where applicable and writing code that can be easily understood by the next person that works on it - we favor avoiding complexity over cleverness and over-optimized solutions.
 We believe in asking for forgiveness not for permission - autonomy and self-management are important on our lean team.
 We're an outputs not an hours motivated organization. We expect our teammates to be productive and active contributors to our business.
 Pretty straightforward stuff, but we feel like it’s important to have an identity and practice what we preach.
 Initial Application
 When you apply please be prepared to share the following with us:

 A resume that highlights your skills and experience relative to the role above.
 A CV that tells us:

A little about yourself
 What you bring to Popular Pays
 What you hope to accomplish with your time at Popular Pays
 Something that excites you about Popular Pays
 Something you’ve done recently that you’re proud of (it does not have to be relevant to writing software!)
  


Our goal is to learn as much about you as possible with your resume and CV! We take a holistic approach to hiring - we’re humans first and we believe the ability to create something worth sharing is more than the surface level of being able to write code.
 Thanks for your time and we hope to hear from you!
 About Us:
 Popular Pays is the leading platform for agile advertising. Advertising is in a moment of transition and we’re betting that the way that work gets done in the future is a powerful mix of creativity + technology. We’ve built the modern approach to advertising: a global network of creators, a platform to streamline operations, and an expert service team to guide you along the way. The results are that our customers' creative gets to market faster, makes a bigger impact, and we add flexibility into their operations.
 Job types: Full-time, Part-time
 Work location: This is a remote position



  Seeking Software Engineers/Site Reliability Engineers for Full-Time permanent position (
  FULLY REMOTE)
  

Details:


Full-time permanent position
Fully remote
$135K+ base salary 
 $36K+ sign on bonus
Stock options and full benefits


 **Client requires US Citizen or Green Card Only** NO C2C


Job Description:


This SRE role requires Object Oriented programming skills since our SRE applies full lifecycle software development techniques - production operation from scaling to handle big data analytics to building resilient, reliable infrastructure for multiple data centers and multiple cloud platforms. 
Experience writing code in Java, Go, Shell, Perl, Python, R, Ruby, or a similar language.
Experience in data structures, algorithms, and software design.
Ability to debug, optimize code, and automate routine tasks.

Responsibilities

Design, develop, ship, and motivate the creation of software and systems to increase product reliability and organizational efficiency.
Guide reliability practices through the entire software development lifecycle through activities like architecture reviews, code reviews, creating platforms and frameworks, capacity planning, and chaos testing.
Maintain service health through monitoring and follow-the-sun incident response.
Improve service reliability through blameless post-incident reviews and using c1de to prevent or respond to problem recurrence.

***If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please reply with an updated resume and pay requirements for immediate consideration to bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com
 Bonnie Kutin Recruiter Comcentric Inc. bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com (303) 476-5923


About TalaTala is a global technology company building the world’s most accessible financial services. With more than $350 million raised from visionary investors, we are serving millions of customers around the world who have been overlooked by traditional financial institutions – and our plan is to serve millions more, and have been named by the Fortune Impact 20 list, CNBC’s Disruptor 50, and Forbes’ Fintech 50 list for four years running. We are expanding across product offerings, countries and crypto and are looking for people who have an entrepreneurial spirit and are passionate about the mission.
By creating a unique platform that enables lending and other financial services around the globe, people in emerging markets are able to start and expand small businesses, manage day-to-day needs, and pursue their financial goals with confidence. Currently, more than 6 million people across Kenya, the Philippines, Mexico, and India have used Tala products. Due to our global team, we have a remote-first approach, and also have offices in Santa Monica, CA (HQ); Nairobi, Kenya; Mexico City, Mexico; Manila, the Philippines; and Bangalore, India.
Most Talazens join us because they connect with our mission of enabling financial agency for underbanked people around the world. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Tala, we’d love to hear from you!
The Engineering Manager will lead an Engineering Squad to unlock financial capabilities for Tala’s customers and those globally underrepresented. As an Engineering Manager, you will own a functional or architectural domain within the Accounts Engineering group, where you will lead a cross-functional team and collaborate with several other squads to provide customer value. The ideal candidate will have a track record of promoting a DevOps culture and acceptance test-driven development.This is a technical leadership role within Tala’s technical track. You will report to the Director of Engineering and collaborate cross-functionally with all Tala teams across the globe.

Bring together a full-stack team comprised of Backend, Android, and SDETs to continually deliver on market initiatives with quality
Own initiatives across squads to successfully deliver customer impact
Continually improve the relationship and integration with our third party partners
Contribute to the Engineering roadmap and help set the vision for the group
Mentor and grow Engineers
Partner with the Program Management to continually improve the SDLC and development processes
Partner with Product Management to improve requirements gathering and Engineering’s understanding of what needs to be built
3+ years as an IC Engineer in Java, Scala, PHP, Go, Python
3+ years directly managing software engineer FTEs
Delivered cross-functional products in a timely manner
Worked with stakeholders to deliver on definitions of done
Deep experience building complex, scalable backend systems
Have implemented and are familiar with RESTful API implementation, SOA and microservices
Knowledge of RDBMS and NoSQL databases (including best practices around design and modeling)
Experience using open source technologies
Experience utilizing AWS
Excellent mentoring skills
Ability to partner with non-technical business peers in meetings and working sessions

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $200,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
On call

Supplemental Pay:

Signing bonus

Work Location: Remote


Software Engineers- Remote

Job Summary
 Our client is a dynamic growing company who have developed a revolutionary new computer architecture that is massively parallel, provides unprecedented scalability and will open a new frontier in software development. Several systems have been installed and we are searching for a few key players to join the team in the development of a cutting-edge new product. New architecture will target data analysis, cyber security, machine learning/AI, training, etc.. Qualified candidates will be talented team players who want to play a key role in this ever changing environment. Experience with C++ is required. Small and/or startup company experience is greatly desired as is full product development lifecycle. Experience with any of the following is helpful: HPC (high performance computing), OpenMP, shared memory parallel programming and multithreading, graph algorithm development, CILK programming, Python. Competitive base salary plus generous stock options. We are also recruiting for mid and senior-level software engineers for the same great company. These jobs are remote.

Responsibilities

 Work with a senior or principal-level software engineer in development, testing and documentation of applications and libraries for shared-memory architecture.
 Duties include developing graph algorithms, programming in C++, benchmarking and performance analysis, collaboration with multi-disciplinary development teams in New York City, South Bend, Atlanta, Austin, or Palo Alto.


Qualifications required or preferred:

 BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field; MS or PhD a plus
 2-5 years of relevant experience
 Strong proficiency programming in C/C++
 Proficiency with algorithms and data structures
 Familiarity with HPC, multithreading and/or parallel programming concepts and issues
 Experience with version control tools such as Git and build tools such as CMake preferred
 Must be flexible, a self-starter, able to communicate effectively, and willing to dive into new technical areas




Salary Range- $75K-$110K




   Thank you for considering a career at Ensemble Health Partners!
  



     Job Description
   






        Job Competencies
      

 Valuing Differences - Works effectively with individuals of diverse cultures, interpersonal styles, abilities, motivations, or backgrounds; seeks out and uses unique abilities, insights, and ideas. Considers the collective.
 Collaboration - Works cooperatively within teams and partners with others, both internally and externally as needed, to achieve success; focuses on the results of the team, not the achievements of one person. It’s “All for One and One for All”
 Accountability - Accepts personal responsibility and/or consequences of failure and successes, delivering on commitments and refocusing effort when needed. Someone who is willing to step up and own it.
 Time Management - Effectively manages personal time and resources to ensure that work is completed efficiently.
 Developing Trust - Gains others’ confidence by acting with integrity and following through on commitments; treats others and their ideas with respect and supports them in the face of challenges.
 Takes Initiative - Takes prompt action to accomplish goals and achieve results beyond what is required; is proactive and pursues relentlessly.



        Essential Job Functions
      

 Responsibilities include: Design, developing, testing, deploy, monitoring, maintain, and continuously improving software
 Translate product concepts into project commitments that deliver incremental value to our customers frequently and with high quality
 Actively mentor the software engineering team through code reviews, and hands-on design sessions



        #LI-KS1
      

        #LI-Remote
      






    Scheduled Weekly Hours:
   40
  

    Work Shift:
   Days (United States of America)
  

    We’ll also reward your hard work with:
  

 Great health, dental and vision plans
 Prescription drug coverage
 Flexible spending accounts
 Life insurance w/AD&D
 Paid time off
 Tuition reimbursement
 And a lot more



 Ensemble Health Partners provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state and local law. If you require accommodation in the application process, please contact our Human Resources Department at 877-692-7780 or 

Recruitment@ensemblehp.com

. This department will make sure you get connected to a Human Resources representative that can assist you. 




    EEO is the Law
   


    FMLA Rights - English
   



     La FMLA Español
   







    As a software engineer on the SaaS Experience squad, you will implement front end interfaces, design and implement api’s and partner with platform engineers to deploy our applications using best practices.
   


 WE'RE LOOKING FOR SOFTWARE ENGINEERING LEADERS WHO…


Are an outstanding problem solver and can tackle tough challenges with innovative thinking and determination
Have excellent communication skills and can effectively discuss technical issues with both technical and non-technical customers
Have a deep understanding of the python language and experience building backend APIs, services and shared libraries
Have a deep understanding of Angular and experience building frontend interfaces
Experienced scaling applications for both load and availability



 AND WHO ARE OR WILL BECOME…


Experienced using AWS services
Experienced building single page UIs using Angular and Typescript
Experienced building and maintaining CI/CD pipelines
Experienced with Docker and Kubernetes



 TECHNOLOGIES YOU'LL USE


Immuta's Data Platform
Python, Go, Angular, TypeScript/Javascript


     *PostgreSQL* Terraform
   

Docker & Kubernetes
AWS, Azure, Google Cloud



 WE VALUE


Full-stack development and troubleshooting
SQL expertise
Automated Systems Deployment/Management Expertise
Experience designing and implementing secure distributed software




Benefits



 At Immuta, our goal is to help bridge the gap between personal and professional growth, so that our team members can be well and thrive personally and professionally. After all, great professional success stories rarely happen without great personal success stories! Our generous benefits package includes:
   


 100% employer paid Healthcare (Medical, Dental, Vision) premiums and deductibles for you and your dependents (including Domestic Partners)
100% employer paid mental wellness platform for you and your dependents
Stock Options
Wellness perks (100% employer paid Whoop fitness band and subscription)
Paid parental leave (Both Maternity and Paternity)
Unlimited Paid time off
Learning and Development Resources




Fully Remote Position (U.S. Based)

Secberus, Inc. is a fast-growing Software-as-a-Service provider of an enterprise-class Cloud Governance platform. Our software is applicable to a wide range of business functions, although we have initially focused on cloud security and compliance. We are headquartered in Miami, FL with staff working remotely across the USA. We're looking for motivated and exceptional people to continue building our great team.

Job Details

Theb Software Engineer is responsible for developing, maintaining, and optimizing the Secberus products and platform. This includes infrastructure design and management as well as software engineering. This position offers the opportunity to take ideas from conception to reality, building features end-to-end in an agile process. This is a great opportunity for the right individual to be a part of a high-caliber team in a fast-paced, results-driven environment.

Responsibilities

Participate in developing the overall design and architecture of our platform.

Participate in project planning efforts to coordinate development work.

Design, code, document, and test new features and bug fixes.

Build scalable, maintainable software and systems.

Collaborate effectively with engineers, designers, and stakeholders.

Mentor other engineers.

Meet deadlines and ship code.

Qualifications

At least 2 years of working experience as a software engineer focused on the backend.

Must have experience developing serverless applications.

Experience creating software in a Cloud Computing environment (AWS, GCP & Azure - AWS preferred).

Demonstrable expertise with software development best practices, including developing secure software.

Ability to work in a dynamic, agile environment.

Ability to work independently and in a team environment.

Experience working in a startup and remote environment is preferred.

Compensation

Competitive Base Salary(DOE) + ESOP + benefits
Language I/O delivers market-leading, multilingual customer support technology that enables mono-lingual support teams to email, chat, and otherwise provide text-based support in any language, right inside any major CRM. The Senior Front-End Software Engineer will work in a dynamic, virtual team environment and take accountability for delivering components and features.
The Senior Front-End Software Engineer will be the lead developer focused on enhancing existing Language I/O Zendesk apps as well as building new apps for the Zendesk Client Relationship Management (CRM) platform. This position requires a strong, independent work ethic as part of a virtual development team - designing, developing, documenting, and supporting custom Zendesk apps. You’ll attend daily stand-ups and work as part of an Agile development team. You will also provide direct technical support to our customers as needed and when problems arise with their integrations.
This job requires the individual to have at least a 4-hour overlap with 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. US Mountain Time.
Roles & Responsibilities:

Take a leading role in the design, architecture, coding, and bug fixing for projects
Perform code reviews for fellow team members
Prioritize, plan and execute assigned project deliverables and tasks according to deadlines, and budgets set by the Agile team
Maintain effective communications with the team leader, team members, champions, sponsors, and other staff
Provide internal consulting that supports the technology needs of other departments
Provide technical support to customers when customer support needs go beyond the capabilities of our customer support team

Software Engineering:

Develop a deep understanding of all integrations between Language I/O and Zendesk
Expand upon our existing Zendesk app codebase adding new features to existing apps and building new apps as required
Complete all phases of the custom software application process throughout the product life cycle including the research, model, design, code, debug, test, defect resolution, documentation, and maintenance processes. Design and develop efficient, compatible, and secure custom software applications to deliver complete and highly reliable software and improve end-user experience
Provide constructive feedback on source code during code reviews
Take an active ownership role in the security and protection of member and organizational data

Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field is required. Master’s degree preferred.
Minimum two years of hands-on experience with API integration code development
At least one year of experience coding integrations for Zendesk (preferably) or, next best, for a similar platform involving Javascript APIs, React, and Typescript
An understanding of HTTP-based communications and modern API design, protocols, and technologies
At least two year’s experience with HTML, CSS, Typescript, and Javascript (specifically React, Ajax & JQuery)
Some experience with Java and OOP design principles preferred
Experience with information security from a systems development perspective (OWASP, encryption, etc.)
A desire to work within an Agile, iterative, and incremental software development process using Scrum
Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Strong interpersonal skills required, including maintaining positive relationships and excellent customer service skills
Ability to work effectively and collaboratively in a diverse workgroup, as well as independently with minimal supervision
Ability to adapt to changes and prioritize and manage competing demands
Strong work ethic required, including the ability to complete duties on time, consistently arrive at work on time as scheduled, and ability to work flexible hours and overtime and weekends as needed

Job Type: Full-time, salaried, exempt; 100% remote
The position includes premium benefit offerings and competitive salary.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Overtime

Work Location: Remote
We are seeking an experienced Software Developer to support our CORESense Connect™ software application. Ideal candidate is intellectually curious, self-motivated and enjoys troubleshooting, fixing, improving, and enhancing complex software applications.
This position is 100% remote, offers flexible work week and hours, Health/Vision/ Dental Insurance, and competitive compensation.
Responsibilities:
Translate end-customers’ business needs into technical requirements.
Design, develop, test and release code fixes, updates, improvements, and enhancements to the CORESense Connect™ software application to meet end-customer’s business needs.
Qualifications:
At Least 3 Years of back-end application code development experience with Linux/Ubunu, Nginx, PHP and MYSQL.
Strong command of JavaScript Frameworks like jQuery and AngularJS.
Strong command of HTML/HTML5 and CSS.
Strong understanding of MVC and object-oriented programming.
Experience with Agile development methodologies.
Desire and ability to work with code you didn’t write.
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent experience.
Contact:
CORESense offers a competitive salary commensurate with experience and education and a comprehensive benefits package that includes Paid Time Off (PTO), medical/dental/vision benefits, paid holidays, and a 401(k) plan.
Qualified applications are invited to end their resumes and cover letter to hr@coresense.com. We thank all applications for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls and no agencies please.
CORESense is an equal opportunity employer.
About CORESense

CORESense is part of the FOG Software Group. The Fog Software Group is a division of Constellation Software (TSX:CSU), a leading provider of software and services to a select group of public and private sector markets with over 125,000 customers in over 100 countries.Farmer's Fridge is on a mission to make it simple for everyone to eat well. We serve healthy, handcrafted meals and snacks from our growing network of 400+ software-enabled vending machines that we refer to as smart Fridges. We are striving to change the food system from the ground up – one Fridge or delivery at a time.

We are a team that cares -– about the business, the impact our product makes, and each other. We are data-driven, innovative, and quick to move on a good idea. We are looking for people who want to collaborate in an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture and have a passion to succeed.

The Sr Software Engineer will...

be responsible for the systems that power our digital ecosystem. Our goal is to provide a unique, dynamic, and personalized experience for each customer no matter their choice of platform.

Work cross-functionally with the Product, Design and Marketing teams to identify issues and potential improvements to operational workflows
Work closely with our data engineering team to get data to start slicing and dicing, get insights, migrating to production planner
Increase automation and anomaly detection throughout our platform
Develop and extend our API that is used across all of our platforms
Deliver quality software using Agile and iterative development
Help teammates by performing code reviews and serving as a mentor to some of our more junior teammates

What Your Background May Look Like:

Several years of solid backend engineering work in more than one language, not afraid to delve into different technologies
Experience designing, building and supporting greenfield projects preferred
Experience designing and implementing solutions on a public cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Experience with at least one of the following languages: Go, Python, or Java. Some React experience would be a plus.
Experience in serverless, modern architecture
Experience collaborating with business leaders and engineers to understand and define project goals
Experience mentoring junior engineers
You are about ready for that next step in your career - we're looking for somebody who can soon grow into an Engineering Manager or Principal Engineer role

Who You Are:

Problem-Solver - You enjoy tackling obstacles. You have the ability to understand issues from multiple angles and uncover the best path forward
Communicator - You can convey ideas clearly and effectively; however, your secret power is listening and understanding
Improvement-Oriented - Proven ability to learn new skills quickly and an eye for optimization
Egoless - You know that the best way to innovate is through teamwork. You are humble and eager to solve problems by learning from and collaborating with others.

Benefits at Farmer's Fridge:

In This Together - Our HQ employees are currently working from home, but we stay connected virtually with weekly town hall meetings, social hours, and remote game nights. Our bonus roles as taste testers are also still intact! You can sample what new items we're cooking up in our test kitchen with our menu team's no-contact "employee drive-thru".

Happier Weekdays - Each day at work should fill you with joy, not dread. We're a fun and passionate group, and we don't take ourselves too seriously. Bring your unique self to work, dress comfortably, and always feel free to share your thoughts and opinions. We encourage curiosity and inquiry; there's no hierarchy here when we're all swapping ideas.

Innovate & Elevate - We're all teachers and learners. You'll grow, and help grow the company through cross-functional collaboration, open access to leadership, and regular business updates. You have a direct impact on the company's bottom line. You can also impact your personal bottom line by participating in our 401(k) plan that includes a company match with immediate vesting, and you'll succeed alongside our business with our bonus and equity plans.

#LI-LF1
Farmer's Fridge is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity in all employment practices, including hiring, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability status, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

View our disclosures related to External Agencies and Applicants below: https://www.farmersfridge.com/careerdisclosures
Must reside in USA
Must be able to work without any sponsorship.
Must have
required

Software engineering using JavaScript (REACT)/HTML/CSS3 (4+ years)
4+ years experience in any of the following:
with Relational Databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL or equivalent)
Production experience with AWS or GCP
Cloud-based environment
Agile development
REST API's / Backend services integrations

Responsibilities include
*

: 1. Responsible for development of highly-responsive, web-based user interface
2. Understand the pitfalls of displaying vast amounts of data and how to work around them
3. Work and collaborate with the rest of the Engineering team
4. Work collaboratively with the Product team including Product Managers and Designers
5. Solid understanding of user interactions
6. Develop a flexible and well-structured frontend architecture, along with the APIs to support it

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Front-end development: 4 years (Preferred)
REST API's / Backend services integrations: 4 years (Preferred)
Angular: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


The Company

Skipcart is a leading delivery service provider operating in cities across the country. Skipcart gives retailers and restaurants the power of same-day delivery and drivers the freedom to choose their own schedule. Headquartered near San Antonio, Texas, we're on a mission to bring on-demand delivery to cities and towns throughout the United States. We serve our communities by connecting our network of drivers to restaurants, retailers and grocers. Skipcart is one of the fastest growing white label delivery companies in the US today.
The Opportunity

As the Software Engineer Manager for Skipcart you will provide sound technical leadership in all aspects of our business. You will communicate with employees, stakeholders and customers to ensure our company's technologies are used appropriately. Strategic thinking and strong business acumen are essential in this role. You should be well-versed in current technological trends and familiar with a variety of business concepts.
Responsibilities

Hire, build, grow, and develop high-performing technical teams
 Use technology to generate value for a company and help it achieve its business objectives
 Develop a technology vision and strategy that will allow the company to thrive and build a solid competitive advantage
 Drive core technology investments that underpin the business operations
 Optimize and maintain technology that supports the business model and operations
 Assess and ensure technology investments are on track to yield a strong financial return
 Budget effectively for the organization's technology needs
 Manage a large portfolio of projects and balance a range of stakeholders
 Use stakeholders' feedback to inform necessary improvements and adjustments to technology
 Build quality assurance and data protection processes
 Keep an eye on emerging technology trends, use customer intelligence, watch competitors, and the external market
 Understand how technology can achieve company objectives and how to utilize it to do so

You Bring 

Proven experience as a technology leader applying analytical thinking and problem-solving skills
 Experience working in a high-level collaborative environment and promoting a teamwork mentality
 Knowledge of technological trends to build strategy
 Understanding of budgets and business-planning
 Ability to conduct technological analyses and research
 Excellent communication skills
 Leadership and organizational abilities
 Strategic thinking
 Problem-solving aptitude
 BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field

What We Offer 

Competitive base salary + bonus
 Holidays and generous paid time off
 Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
 Remote opportunities
 A supportive culture that encourages health and personal improvement
 A challenging and rewarding work environment with smart, great people to work with every single day



We are looking for a Python Developer to join our engineering team and help us develop and maintain various software products. Python Developer responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team. Ultimately, you’ll build highly responsive web applications that align with our business needs.
Responsibilities

Write effective, scalable code
Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance
Integrate user-facing elements into applications
Test and debug programs
Improve functionality of existing systems
Implement security and data protection solutions
Assess and prioritize feature requests
Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple priorities
Ability to be motivated, self-directed, results-oriented, and Client-focused

Skills

Work experience as a Python Developer
Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)
Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)
Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)

Qualifications

Good problem-solving skills
Minimum 0-3 years of working experience in relevant field
Motivated, self-directed, results-oriented, and client-focused
Detail oriented and possess a desire for quality
Experience in working on distributed or remote teams
Ability to set priorities, meet deadlines, and work independently
A Bachelor’s degree or Associate’s degree is required
Team spirit

Job Types: Contract, Temporary
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

0-3: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Who we are?
LifeSpan Biosciences (LSBio) is seeking a talented and highly motivated individual that is looking to develop their career at our fast growing company. Operating in the life science arena, LSBio is dedicated to the development and production of high quality research biological products such as antibodies, reagents and ELISA and IHC kits. We also offer fully customized services for the sequencing, engineering, humanization and manufacture of antibodies for the biotherapeutics, diagnostics and reagent markets. Our global client base includes large pharmaceutical and diagnostic companies, biotech and academic institutions.
Location: LSBio has offices in Boston, MA; Shirley, MA; Seattle, WA; and the UK and the Netherlands. The position is remote, but you must be based in the US.
What will you do?
This role will be responsible for writing code the user’s front-end web applications or mobile applications, but also for writing API code that sits in the middle and server code that sits in the back. The Full Stack Engineer will be supervised by and report to the Director of IT. The Full Stack Engineer does both front-end and back-end development. Additionally, they also understand how those pieces work together, and they are able to create the communication that exists between those two sides and ensure they integrate together. Development languages / frameworks currently in use are C# .NET, Python, Flask, PHP, Magento, SQL, AWS cloud native architectures, GCP, and BigQuery.
Specific duties and responsibilities will include, but not be limited to, the following:

Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code.
Design, develop and implement low-latency, high-availability, and performant applications.
Design, develop and implement technical solutions in Microsoft Azure environments using .NET and other programing languages.
Development and integration of user-facing elements with server-side logic .
Development of back-end components.
Integration of data storage solutions. · Build, deploy and test using CI/CD best practices.
Analyzing information to recommend and plan the installation of new systems or modifications of an existing system.
Provide technical training and mentoring to other teams and team members.
Collaborate with team members on best practices, code reviews, internal tools and process improvements.
Explore open source or industry standard solutions that could be a fit for the organization.
Other duties and tasks may be assigned.

Who are you?
The ideal candidate will have Computer Science experience. You have a data- driven mindset to test and measure results in a quantitative manner, in order to track KPIs and deliver metric reports. It excites you to work with external service providers to ensure applications and services meet business needs. You are detail oriented to provide solid solutions to complex problems. You are looking to be part of a growing company that strives to create and provide highly innovative products and services.
Minimum job requirements:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer engineering related field.
Must have 5+ years of advanced knowledge of Python, JavaScript, HTML, PHP, CSS, and MySQL.
Must have 5+ years' experience with REST APIs, web applications.
Must have 3+ years' experience with either C# .NET or PHP Magento.
Must have 3+ years' experience with one of the cloud providers: GCP, AWS Azure.
Must have 2+ years’ experience working with Data Analysts, Data Scientists, and Data Architects
Must have 3+ years’ experience with ETL Pipeline
Proven ability to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system.
Advanced knowledge in Databases, Data Warehouses, and Data Lakes.
Advanced knowledge of software development lifecycle.
Hands-on experience implementing microservices.
Excellent (English) written and verbal communication skills.
Must be able to access and navigate each department at the organization’s facilities.
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
Authorized to work in the United States.

What do we offer?

A salary commensurate with experience.
Benefits: Health insurance; Paid time off; Dental insurance; 401(k); Vision insurance; Flexible schedule; Life insurance; Flexible spending account.
Flexible working hours.
Working in a global organization with diverse teams.

LifeSpan Biosciences, Inc., is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:
Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

working with Python: 5 years (Required)
REST APIs, web applications: 5 years (Required)
C#, .NET Core, Magento: 3 years (Required)
ETL Pipeline: 3 years (Required)
GCP, AWS, Azure: 3 years (Required)
working with Data Analysts, Data Scientist, Data Architects: 2 years (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote

About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Senior Software Engineer - Backend to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics, headquartered in Los Angeles. You will be working with a multi-faceted and vibrant Backend Infrastructure Engineering team in developing and improving core infrastructure components and services that power our robust and scalable SaaS platform.The Responsibilities

Lead the design, architecture and development of scalable and highly available systems and services.
Solve complex infrastructure related problems with code, developing and providing post-release support for scalable services and tools that are used by various Engineering teams.
Drive product architecture design and articulate architecture solution options to the product owners and architecture leadership.
Conduct post-mortems to analyze and prevent repeat failures.
Drive and own improvements in end-to-end infrastructure and systems.
Evaluate and recommend tools, technologies and processes that solve concrete business problems.
Handle seamless upgrades of infrastructure and services through automation.
Be a domain expert who follows industry trends and applies best practices and contributes towards continuous improvement of those practices.

The Requirements

BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
5+ years of programming experience
1+ years experience with PHP (Strongly preferred)
2+ years experience with MySQL or similar technology
Strong understanding of database schema design, caching and scalability
Strong understanding of various communication protocols (TCP, RPC, etc)
Strong understanding of Distributed Systems
Experience with Full-stack observability tools like New Relic is strongly preferred
Good understanding of Linux operating system and experience administering Linux systems in a production environment is preferred
Experience with modern CI/CD and containerization tools like Docker is a plus
Experience in Caching technologies is a plus (e.g. Redis or memcached)
Ability to perform time and memory complexity analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

waEohkrk3Z
Job Type: Full-time

The Software Engineer will be part of the team responsible for designing, developing, and operating the applications that make Throtle’s data onboarding solution work. The ideal candidate can work with teammates in troubleshooting problems, designing solutions, and assessing situations in real time. Our team is empowered to keep our fast-paced, high volume processing environment operational for our clients and partners.PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Create tools and solutions to manage and monitor our rapidly growing operations.
Be involved in real-time assessment of issues and help develop solutions
Build and design solutions that mitigate risk and increase efficiencies
Automate processes and sub-processes to enable greater scale and speed
Maintaining our existing code.
Take part in performance & capacity monitoring and planning

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS

At least 2-3 years of experience
Significant proficiency in one or more of these languages- Java, Python, Golang
Experience with databases – PostgreSQL, Oracle, or Microsoft SQL Server.
Proficiency in Restful API Development
Experience interacting with AWS CLI and AWS Console
Knowledge of software architecture, data structures, modern design patterns and network protocols
Ability to identify problems, and effectively communicate solutions to peers and management

OTHER VALUABLE SKILLS

Experience with data flow and queue management using tools like Kafka and Flume Experience in front end technologies including JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5 to include libraries such as React Js and Angular.
Experience in Linux SysAdmin
Exposure to NoSQL/Big Data: Hadoop, HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB
Hands on experience with a CI/CD environment
Experience with configuration management and automation tools like Ansible, Chef, or Puppet.

Job Type: Full-time

Title: Mid Level Full Stack Java Developer
Location: Willing to relocate in anywhere in USA
Duration: Contract to Hire (Career Upskilling + Placement)
Qualifications to join GenSpark:

AWS or any other cloud experience or knowledge is a must
This is Full stack Java with a preference for Java Development
Knowledge in AWS cloud
2 years of minimum experience in Java
Strong skills in communication, motivation, and self-discipline
Willing to commit to a role for a minimum of 1 year
Willingness to relocate within the US (we will assist with relocation costs)

What We Offer:

Rapid career growth, with focused and intensive training,
paid training for 2-4 weeks
compensation in line with industry forms
excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits
relocation assistance, if required for client assignment
Mentorship and support throughout the program
networking opportunities within your industry with peers and industry leaders

Note: - This is a Cotract to Hire role. Thus, Green Card, US Citizen, H4EAD, OPT EAD, GC EAD and candidates willing to work on W2 is preferred only.
Cell: (404) 400-1108 EXT- 1108
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Education:

High school or equivalent (Preferred)

Experience:

AWS: 2 years (Required)
Java: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote




    Landing a construction project on schedule and on budget is a herculean task– different teams, different designs, every single time. With hundreds of thousands of variables changing everyday, optimizing construction outcomes has become a massive challenge.
   

     Doxel is here to change that.
   


 Doxel is an AI Powered Project Controls solution. By contextualizing vast amounts of disparate project data across site, BIM, schedule, and budget, Doxel empowers teams with an objective view of their project today and an accurate prediction of where it will be tomorrow. Leveraging machine generated and prioritized risk analysis, teams are guided to the right problems in order to stay ahead of cost overruns and schedule delays.
   


 Backed by Insight Partners and Andreessen Horowitz and with a growing team of technologists, creatives, and industry veterans, we’re focused on helping customers realize the best outcomes on their construction projects.
   


 The Role
   


 Doxel is looking to grow our engineering team by adding a 3D front end engineer. As Doxel’s senior most 3D engineer you’ll be building a 3D visualization engine to render complex 3D models in vivid form. You'll work as a member of a small, highly experienced team to drive the development of the next-generation of Construction Tech management tools. You'll work closely with our in-house construction experts, Computer Vision Engineers, and Data Infrastructure engineers to find elegant ways to show large visual datasets in a fast, responsive web application. You need to love start-up environments and be motivated about disrupting an entire industry with great tools and user experience.
   



Responsibilities

 You’ll work to expand the 3D visualization capabilities for Doxel. You’ll be the most senior 3D modeling engineer at the company Work within a modern Javascript and Typescript environment. Design and build in-house libraries and tooling for rendering rich 3D experiences that will be consumed by multiple teams across many products. Ensure quality of our applications and libraries by writing unit and E2E tests Interface with a broad peer group including product managers, machine learning engineers, computer vision engineers, and data pipeline engineers Interface directly with in house customers to gather product requirements and build domain expertise.





Qualifications

 3+ years of experience in a 3D focused role working with OpenGL/WebGL, THREE.js experience preferred 1-2 years of experience writing shaders and working with rendering pipelines 1-2 years of experience working in front end engineering role Deep understanding of the DOM and other web fundamentals Strong Knowledge of CS fundamentals Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or other technical discipline





    Doxel is an equal opportunity employer and actively seeks diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
   



K3 helps less technical users manage data streams and integrations without having to rely on developers.
We’re focused on enterprises with increasing amounts of data to manage, the need to move fast, and deliver sustainable solutions. K3 gives users a seat at the table in these complex environments. We have had great success on Wall St. and are now increasingly solving similar problems in new domains.
Our developers don’t just write code. We have well-rounded people who look for context on user outcomes, balance engineering with user experience, and are focused on delivery delivery delivery.
Skills Required: 

Familiar with Functional programming. At least, you are curious and excited about using Clojure or others like LISP, Scheme, and Scala.
If not, demonstrated skills with Java, C#, Python, etc. and have experience with the JVM ecosystem.
Solid understanding of multi-threading and server side programming.
Experience with parts of our dev ecosystem consisting of Linux, Git, Jenkins, JIRA, Eclipse, EMACS.
Grasp the fundamentals of CompSci like data structures, system architecture and coding skills.
Solid understanding of relational databases
Domain experience working with complex data including but not limited to financial and trading information, large data sets, high volume processes is a plus.

The best way to make an impression is to share your work with us. Github or otherwise...proof is in the pudding.
About Us: 
Our headquarters are in NYC but we have always worked in a distributed manner.
We measure goals and delivery, not time spent at a desk.
We have a "no policy" holiday. Just get your stuff done.
Our people work on multiple areas, continuously refine processes, and participate in the financial success of the company.
This job is based in NYC in our Flatiron district office but would be remote for the time being.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $65,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Java: 2 years (Preferred)
Clojure: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Decide is an AI company that crowdsources decisions to achieve better outcomes. Our flagship product, the Decision Marketplace℠, is an ever-growing marketplace of intelligent models that gets smarter with every addition. Today, the Decision Marketplace is powering our ad platform to offer brands and publishers a future-proof solution for a cookieless world, but in the coming years we expect that the scope of our work will expand.
 As an Application Developer on the Engineering & Product team, you will be expected to write clean and maintainable code, build tools that will be used by thousands of brands and publishers, and reach millions of end-users.

 What you'll do:


Build web applications using Decide’s in-house JavaScript framework, Coral
Improve and streamline the data flow pipeline
Iterate on Decide’s data and analytics dashboard
Streamline and automate processes and procedures across the company



 Your skills should include:


Minimum 2 years proven development experience
In-depth knowledge of JavaScript and Node.js
Experience with responsive web design using CSS and Sass
Ability to learn new skills and information sets quickly
Ability to solve unique or complex problems and provide actionable guidance



 Skills that are a plus:


Experience with C++, particularly with a low-level performance focus
Familiarity with Redis or other key-value databases
Familiarity with high-performance, distributed systems


 Decide values a diverse team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, ability, national origin, veteran status, or any other basis in our employment decisions. We welcome all to apply.
 
 
Snflq8uS8k

As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits
Job Title: - Jr.Python Developer
Location: - (Hybrid)
Position: - W2 Employment ( Should work on our W2 )
Eligible Visa status: - OPT, Day1 CPT, H1B, H1B T, H4 EAD
(Authorized to work anywhere in the USA and for only those who are staying in the USA)
Long term contract
Responsibilities: 

Write effective, scalable code
Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance
Integrate user-facing elements into applications
Test and debug programs
Improve functionality of existing systems
Implement security and data protection solutions
Assess and prioritize feature requests
Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions

Requirements: 

Work experience as a Python Developer
Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)
Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)
Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)
Team spirit
Good problem-solving skills
BSc in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field

Benefits: -

Competitive salary
Flexible work schedule & part-time off
E-verified
H1B and GC filling
On job technical support
Skill Enhancement
Guesthouse facilities are also available
Opportunity to work with Fortune 500 Companies.

Thanks, Regards
Sunil Kumar
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $30.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Project Manager – (Web Development)
DescriptionUseful Group is looking for a Project Manager to help our development team manage multiple web projects and ongoing tickets.
Reporting to our Web Development Project Manager Team Leader and collaborating with our team of 5 web developers, this role includes project scoping, task assignments, client communications, timeline management, and ensuring project teams have what they need to deliver results. While some repetitive tasks are part of this position, week-to-week tasks will vary based on the needs of the business. The most important responsibility of the Project Manager is ensuring agency projects are completed with a high level of efficiency, timeliness, and effectiveness.
While the ideal candidate lives in Chicagoland, that’s not required as this position will be working with colleagues across time zones. Typical hours for this role are regular business hours, Monday to Friday. On occasion there will be a need to travel or work additional hours on evenings or weekends, but this is an exception to the norm.
Some of Useful Group's clientele are Christian and faith-based ministries, non profits, and publishers. All applicants should be comfortable working with these clients who may or may not share your same beliefs.
Company Overview
Useful Group exists to make great missions more effective. We’re a team of strategists, creatives, and problem solvers serving organizations and individuals committed to making the world a better place. We specialize in strategy, branding, marketing, web development, and creative production. Learn more at UsefulGroup.com -- https://www.usefulgroup.com/.
Responsibilities

Manages and coordinates multiple projects from beginning to end
Develops and maintains project plans, activities, and schedules
Communicates requirements and ongoing progress to ensure work is advancing
Monitors deadlines and provides clear notice if delivery dates are in jeopardy
Looks for roadblocks and friction points, proactively working with leaders and stakeholders to solve issues in advance
Keeps documents and folders organized across multiple projects
Prepares status reports with the metrics needed to determine project health
Coordinates team briefings, internal reviews, and other meetings as needed
Serves as a liaison between company teams
Models company values to enhance strong collaboration across teams

Qualifications
1. Education: A bachelor’s degree or equivalent.2. Work Experience: 3 or more years experience in a web development project manager capacity.3. Agency Knowledge: While experience in every aspect of the job is not required, the person in this role should have an understanding of the inner workings and complexities of the agency environment, as well as a grasp on the capabilities of the departments common to creative and web agencies (content, design, development, marketing). This experience will reduce onboarding time and allow the candidate to quickly integrate intoUseful Group.
4. Quality Communication: The PM must be an excellent communicator, in both written and oral form. This includes being able to take a large amount of information and summarize it quickly both in writing and orally on a regular basis. You must also be able to track communication (and be very responsive) across multiple channels without losing any details. Those channels could include in-person meetings, virtual video calls, Basecamp messages, text messages and/or emails. Basecamp is our primary tool for internal communication and project management.
5. Discretion: Since PMs regularly work with confidential information, discretion and sensitivity regarding business and financial information is essential.
6. Team Player: This person will be working with team members across our organization.They will need to be able to collaborate and communicate well with multiple personalities, maintaining a supportive and positive spirit.
7. Anticipating Needs: The PM will strive to anticipate needs and eliminate friction points whenever possible. This means they know how to stay several steps ahead of their teammates, clearing the path for them to make their greatest contributions.
8. Affinity for Technology: The PM must be comfortable using a Mac computer and not be intimidated by learning new technology. Proficiency in the following tech platforms is ideal: Basecamp, WordPress, Mac OS, Google Suite, Trello (basic knowledge of HTML, CSS, JS, PHP would be a bonus but not required).
Skills & Culture
The person in this role must be a collaborative, quick learner with the ability to adapt in an ever-changing landscape. They think proactively to reduce friction for other team members in completing their work. They take initiative to solve problems and work independently with minimal direction. They value feedback and are eager to learn and develop their skills.
Candidates should share Useful Group’s mission and be comfortable working with diverse people regardless of race, political affiliation, gender, sexual orientation, religion, and culture.
At Useful Group, we believe the most fulfilling life is the one most useful to others. Everything we do is useful to someone or something bigger than us. But this also means we care for our colleagues inside the company. We push each other to create the best product possible, but we also remember that time away from work is good and needed—whether that’s a vacation or a short break because it’s been a rough day.
Good work doesn’t have to come at the expense of a good time. We have a lot of fun at Useful Group and we think it helps us do our jobs better. If all this sounds like you, we hope you’ll throw in your application!
Useful Group Offers: 

Competitive salary
Health and dental insurance plans available for you and your family
Flexible work hours
Work from anywhere
The prioritization of healthy work-life balance
Generous, flexible vacation policy
Project timelines that take your capacity and capabilities into account
Work with a wide range of clients in various industries

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $48,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

We are interested in candidates who have project management experience leading web development projects in in a creative marketing and/or web development agency setting. We do not need you to be a web developer, we are interested in project management for web development work. How many years of experience do you have in project management for web development work?
What are your interests, activities, and/or passions outside of work?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Project Management: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Donnelley Financial Solutions (DFIN) is a leader in risk and compliance solutions, providing insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights to clients across the globe. We’re here to help you make smarter decisions with insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights at every stage of your business and investment lifecycles. As markets fluctuate, regulations evolve and technology advances, we’re there. And through it all, we deliver confidence with the right solutions in moments that matter.

Summary:
We are looking for technical team members at all levels who want to push themselves to deliver best in market SaaS solutions. We offer a challenging environment where you will have to grow, adapt and use your skills consistently. Our customers rely on us in the moments that matter. Engineering delivers on that promise.

You can read the bullets below. But they almost always look the same, right? Here is the deal – being a senior engineer here at DFIN means helping us deliver SaaS software solutions for our customers that primarily work with the SEC or other global regulating bodies. Our products are in demand because we solve regulatory problems for our customers. As a senior engineer, you’ll contribute to projects end to end, write code that less senior engineers can emulate, understand how we operate our systems and help make sure our technology grows and doesn’t become a big pile of tech debt.

Responsibilities:
Be a key contributor to our development practice: design, full-stack development and testing.
Write concise, clear, well-tested and well-documented code with quality that adheres to industry best practices.
Optimize code for quality, performance, scalability, efficiencies and security; through testing, code scanning, refactoring and monitoring.
Analyze, design and build solutions that solve the problems we have, not the problems that we think we may have one day.
Build software with people. Product managers, other developers, SRE, junior engineers, senior engineers, offshore. Construct software that matters.
Understands that systems are to be operated and monitoring and metrics are important.
Engineer for simplicity, reliability, manageability, scalability, extensibility, reusability and performance.
Makes sure to constantly address technical debt. Shine a light on it, even when it hurts.
Qualifications:
Be committed to your development, the products you work on and the firm.
Expert in user interface development using TypeScript / React JS
At least 1 year of experience developing with React JS or Angular, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and front-end languages.
Experience with user interface design.
Experience developing RESTFul Web Services
Experience in one of the following: Java, .NET, C# or another Object-Oriented language
Strong CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, performance characteristics, test automation)
Optional, Azure, AKS, Docker, Kubernetes
Experience developing secure code meeting security standards and willing to participate in financial systems security practices.
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.

It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfinsolutions.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequests@dfinsolutions.com.
Avaya Cloud Engineer

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent related experience in the field of telecommunications
At least 3 years supporting cloud based telephony solutions
Passionate about telecommunications and the new era of cloud-based telephony
Know the ins and outs of IP protocols (TCP, UDP, TLS, etc.)
Knowledge/experience debugging technical issues (PSTN, SIP, etc.), and love to dive into solutions by "sitting down and figuring it out".
Skilled at partnering with both technical and non-technical customers to explain, implement, or troubleshoot product-related items
Experience supporting remote end-users
Ability to track work within an online ticketing system
Experience supporting Avaya OneCloud applications
Ability to work remotely and be part of an engineering team
Self starter with great time management
Experience with deploying and installation of Avaya OneCloud solutions
Ability to work various hours depending on project needs
Rotating on call schedule

Remote position
80 to 100K bases on experience
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote
Are you interested in joining a mission-driven, well capitalized company where you have your pick of projects to work on with no legacy tech debt or bureaucracy?

This is an opportunity to get in on the ground floor of an exciting healthcare technology startup founded by serial entrepreneurs with prior exits to Anthem and SoftBank, and backed by investors including Primary Venture Partners as well as founders of Noom, Pinwheel, FuboTV and many others.

At Jukebox, our mission is to help older adults age in place for as long as they would like by making their homes safer and more accessible. We do this by combining occupational therapist-led home safety assessments with affordable, CAPS-certified home renovations personalized to each older adult's situation.

Jukebox is a fast-growing company of technologists, occupational therapists, gerontologists, and others who care deeply about the well being of our elders. We offer competitive compensation packages including comprehensive health benefits, stock options, and flexible work environment coupled with an uplifting culture.


About the Role

We are looking for a Backend Engineer to take on the following responsibilities:

Reading, writing, and reviewing application code, with a focus on writing maintainable code that is easy to understand

Collaborating with product teams to define and implement new features

Communicating persuasively with peers to inspire cooperation

Making well-reasoned decisions that inspire and energize others

Documenting the systems you help build

Building scalable and secure systems that follow operational best practices

Building observable systems that we can learn from and we can continuously improve

Working with support to triage and debug support requests

Must Haves

5+ years of strong proficiency and software development experience

Strong experience with Git, OOP, relational databases, and API design

Experience working with multiple types of SQL and NoSQL datastores including PostgreSQL, Redis, and more

Fluency and a point of view on testing frameworks

Experience working on a monolithic codebase

Good hands-on knowledge of CI/CD tools

Strong experience with production system monitoring & observability

Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment

Passionate about healthy team culture and collaboration

Bonus Points

Experience working with Ruby/Rails or very deep experience in another popular stack

Experience with React and GraphQL

Experience with Salesforce or Shopify

Experience in Heroku, AWS and/or Google Cloud Platform

Working experience in a fully remote working environment
We are the largest supplier of organic soil amendments in Western Colorado and pride our ourselves on having amazing hand made products. We strive to constantly improve our customer experiences as well as processes and quality of life for our employees.
We are looking for a few passionate developers to join our team to help build new features and update existing ones. You will be contributing to our existing platform to aid in automation efforts throughout the company.
Our Stack: Version Control: GithubFrontend: React, NextJS, & TailwindBackend: Node, NextJS, & MongoDBInfrastructure: Vercel
In this role you will: - execute the creation of new features- troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing features- work on the backend and frontend of our stack- participate in weekly meetings to review and receive tasks- contribute to the success of BuildASoil
You will be a great fit for this position if you: - are very proficient in JavaScript & React- are able to quickly pick up new concepts- have a passion for building clean code- very comfortable working with third-party APIs (REST)- are capable of being productive without being micro-managed- are effective at collaborating in a virtual environment (Discord)
We are a small but growing team! Despite our roles and responsibilities being defined- they can quickly become fluid depending on the pressures of the day. We are learning constantly, we hold each other up, we brainstorm regularly, we give and take constructive criticism, we mentor, we celebrate our success and most importantly we get it done!
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $20.00 - $30.00 per hour
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

React: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

NIKSUN is the recognized worldwide leader in making the Unknown Known, by using next generation technology that revolutionizes the way networks and services are secured, protected, and managed. The company develops and deploys a complete range of award-winning forensics, compliance, security surveillance and performance management solutions for applications ranging from core infrastructures to edge and branch environments.
Key Responsibilities:

Implementing, debugging and unit testing on new and existing product applications.
Design and develop data-driven architecture using SOA design pattern for NIKSUN products
Follows requirements produced by Product Management and design specifications outlined by senior team members.
Supports product deployment lifecycle and maintenance.
Supports QA phase of the Software Development Life Cycle

Required Qualifications:

7+ years of experience in software design and development utilizing core Java and Web Services
Strong interpersonal and communication skills; Independent problem solving; self-motivated
Experience in developing, deploying, and/or administering Containers/Docker (or similar technologies) based applications and/or services architectures.
Expert knowledge of Spring, Hibernate and JAXB

Desired Qualifications

Working knowledge of SQL and the ability to write SQL queries and procedures
Familiarity with unit testing and integration testing procedures
Experience with Eclipse IDE and/or other integrated development environments.

Educational Requirements:

BS degree or higher in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering required.

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Java: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote





     Column is looking to hire a mission-oriented 
     Head of Software Engineering to spearhead the technical execution and roadmap of our core public notice platform. You will be responsible for recruiting, training and developing a team of 15+ Software Engineers and Engineering Managers into an engaged and results-oriented department. The role is responsible for Front End, Back End, and DevOps Engineers and will report directly to our CTO, Leo Hentshcker.
    


     To learn more about the role, listen to this video introduction from our CTO, Leo Hentshcker. 
    




What You'll Do

First Week: You will learn about Column's mission and vision, seek to understand our software development lifecycle, and get to know your direct reports and other leaders. We're a small company that's growing quickly, so interpersonal rapport is essential.
First Month: You will conduct a listening tour and present a series of recommended actions to our leadership. Develop a technical roadmap and execution plan in collaboration with product and other business leaders. Develop strong relationships and rapport with current engineering team members, including earning their trust and commitment to the future technical and team vision.
First Six Months: You will hire and shape a technical management team that inspires and empowers software engineers to do their best-work. This will include coaching, mentoring, and developing Columnists on a daily basis. Invest in the development and maintenance of clear responsibilities and standards to build a high-performance engineering team known for its quality, execution and speed.
First Year: You will design and enforce efficient and repeatable engineering processes and tests that incorporate best practices into the software development lifecycle. Own essential choices about the existing and future technology stack and architecture to improve system performance and scaleability. Be an impactful leader at a rapidly growing tech start-up that believes we have the potential to be a once in a generation company.

Our Ideal Candidate

You're looking for a remote-first role working with wildly talented people who care about their impact on local communities
You have experience as a Director or VP Engineering and/or Chief Technology Officer of a fintech, marketplace/ecommerce, or SaaS business that experienced substantial growth, managing at least 20 engineers with engineering managers
You take pride in having strong people management skills and building diverse and inclusive team environments that support debate
You are comfortable making choices about system architecture and can explain how you've learned from previous design decisions over time
You are excited to work with product and other business leaders build out and execute on a technical roadmap for our core product
You have a strong desire to exemplify our operating principles — be worthy of trust, do the hard work, never stop learning, intentionally build community, and tell a better story
You have grit and really want to work with us — if you do not resemble our ideal candidate, tell us why you'd still be a great fit for this role in an optional cover letter

Compensation and Benefits Column is built on the belief that important information should be accessible to the public. As such, we work hard to model this behavior for potential Columnists by including our base compensation in all job descriptions and making our full benefits accessible online.

Base salary of $180,000-$300,000 per year, plus a meaningful equity stake and 401k plan with 5% match for US-based individuals
Healthcare, vision, & dental coverage for you and your dependents
Unlimited (and encouraged) paid time off and 16-weeks paid parental leave
Multiple stipends for you to invest in a home office setup and pursue wellness activities that make you feel healthy and whole

About Column Column is the first collaborative public notice platform helping publishers, governments and legal services work together to inform their communities. We are a remote-first public benefit corporation with an in-person headquarters in Miami, FL. 
To us, people are everything. Our current Columnists are wildly talented people from around the globe. We support and challenge each other. We address real problems that people face in their communities. We believe that we have the potential to be a generational company that will change the world as we know it. Will you join us?





Who we are
Astra Fund (https://www.astragames.org/) is a new philanthropic venture fund with a mission to support the creation of better thinking games and bringing them to broad audiences. We work to achieve this through grants and developer-friendly investments.
We are part of Carina Initiatives (https://www.carina.fund/), a philanthropic fund working to send more kids from more communities to the frontiers of science and technology.
The role
Astra Fund is looking for an Associate Game Producer. This individual will support both internal Astra projects as well as supporting production with our partner game teams. They will also manage the pipeline and inflow of incoming applications and communication with prospective game teams and developers.
The ideal candidate has experience in video game production (either development or publishing) and is excited to support a vibrant community of developers. Love for thinking games (puzzle, strategy) is a big plus.

Responsibilities
Astra Fund Production

Manage game pitch flow in and out
    
 Communicate with applicant teams and check pitch content
 Follow-up & scheduling with developers
 Manage due diligence during application process

 Maintain database of thinking game developers
 Scout for and keep a pulse on promising thinking game teams

Game Production

Create and maintain playtesting structures for Astra game developers
 High level roadmap and milestone tracking for game teams
 Project management and production projects to support our community of game developers, fellows, and partners

Skills and experiences you'll need to bring:


1+ years of game industry experience, at least one shipped title preferred
 Experience with game production, playtesting & QA pipelines
 Excellent project management skills and proficiency in managing multiple projects
 Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
 Bonus: love for puzzle & strategy games

Carina Values

Build Partnerships: We share responsibility with our partners for achieving our collective goals.
 Are Mathy: We find mathematics and data delightful and important, and we deeply integrate them into our work.
 Make Bold Bets: We only make bets on teams that think big, challenge the status quo and approach systems change with rigor, creativity, and optimism.
 Build New Expertise: We are never done exploring. We excitedly seek out new challenges and learnings. We aren't afraid to be wrong before we are right.
 Are Owners: We are all biased toward taking responsibility. Our assumption is that it is our job. The buck stops with each and every one of us.
 Are Creative and Inventive: We constantly come up with innovative ideas. We are always thinking about ways to do things better.
 Have the Highest Standards: We raise the bar for ourselves, for our partners, for students, and for education. The status quo is not good enough.
 Biased Toward Action: We can't always move fast in education and so it's imperative that when we can we do. There's never certainty about the best path forward. We are comfortable moving forward without certainty.

Preferred Location: Remote, US-based. Southern California preferred.
We value and encourage diversity and solicit applications from all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, gender, sex, age, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.




Nom Nom is improving the lives of dogs and cats everywhere. One meal at a time.
 We deliver real, restaurant-quality meals every month — prepped, mixed and portioned in our very own kitchens. Personalized all the way down to the calorie, each meal is formulated to meet the unique needs of every pet we serve. Our Board Certified Veterinary Nutritionist® and staff of world-class scientists make sure of it, researching, studying and innovating nonstop to ensure maximum nutrition from all of our recipes while advancing pet health at large.
 We’re a team of pet lovers (duh), complacency crushers (you bet) and doggedly-determined
 experts (woof) that pride ourselves on serving up the best food possible for our four-legged family.
 We take absolute ownership over everything we do, persistently pushing one another toward creative solutions to complex problems. With a healthy serving of fun when time permits.
 (Time always permits.)

 Full Stack Engineer
 We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to join our growing technical team, led by ex-Google engineers. You will be responsible for maintaining overall quality of the code base, provide code reviews for other developers, build infrastructure to help scale the growing business, and guide feature development across the entire stack.

 RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Write reliable, well-tested code in Python (primary) and Javascript (secondary) on Google Cloud infrastructure
 Develop robust APIs and build applications on a modern tech infrastructure, adhering to design principles and best practices
 Design data storage systems to accommodate a growing repository of pet data
 Lead projects, provide code reviews and mentor other team members
 Work directly from leadership and cross functional stakeholders to manage project priorities, deadlines and deliverables

 REQUIREMENTS:

 5+ years of experience coding in Python and Javascript to ship products
 High standards for code quality and elegant implementations
 Adaptability, integrity, and curiosity to learn
 Experience designing distributed SQL/non-SQL data storage solutions
 Ability to synthesize, prioritize feedback into clear, coherent requirements


 BENEFITS:

 Competitive pay
 Associate Discount
 Medical, Dental, Vision, Prescription and much more
 Health Savings Account and FSA
 401K with a match to 4%
 We pay 100% of Short Term and Long Term disability
 Life Insurance
 Paid holidays and vacation
 Formal training and opportunities for career progression


 Nom Nom embraces inclusion, diversity and equal opportunity. We're committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Nom Nom is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.





   About Fisker Inc.
  


    California-based Fisker Inc. is revolutionizing the automotive industry by developing the most emotionally desirable and eco-friendly electric vehicles on Earth. Passionately driven by a vision of a clean future for all, the company is on a mission to become the No. 1 e-mobility service provider with the world’s most sustainable vehicles. To learn more, visit 
   
    www.FiskerInc.com
    – and enjoy exclusive content across Fisker’s social media channels: 
   
    Facebook
   , 
   
    Instagram
   , 
   
    Twitter
   , 
   
    YouTube
    and 
   
    LinkedIn
   . Download the revolutionary new Fisker mobile app from the 
   
    App Store
    or 
   
    Google Play
    store.
  

    Role Overview
  

    You will be at the forefront of technology, building the electronics foundation which will power Fisker’s leading-edge premium digital experience for our customers, both inside and outside of the car. You will play a key role in creating Fisker’s custom electronics and system-level software, designed to the highest standards and with unmatched performance. Your hardware and software will enable features currently unavailable to drivers and passengers, making our cars truly unique.
  

    Skills & Experience
  

 Experience in automotive embedded hardware development
 Good understanding in Analog and Digital communication
 Experience working with vehicle network architectures and protocols, such as CAN, LIN and automotive based Ethernet
 Knowledge of automotive standards including ISO 26262, ISO 21434/24089, ISO 9001, AEC Q100/101
 Experience designing to tight power, heat dissipation, EMC, reliability, and cost requirements
 Able to work hands-on with electro-mechanical components and test tools in a vehicle-based environment including multimeters, oscilloscopes, power analyzers, spectrum analyzers, logic analyzers, programmable power supplies
 Experience working with external suppliers and other partners to define system requirements, work through technical issues, and ensure successful delivery of embedded systems components
 Creative problem solver


    Qualifications
  

 BS or MS in Electrical Engineering or other Engineering discipline
 4+ years relevant professional experience
 Understanding of electro-mechanical and hardware systems
 Open minded to learning new systems and methodologies
 Able to work independently in a fast-paced start-up environment
 Proficient with Jira/Confluence/Jama or other similar tools
 Ability to create strong working relationships within cross-functional teams
 Proficient in troubleshooting complex systems.


    Fisker Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment at Fisker Inc. is governed based on merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
  

    Applicants wishing to view a copy of Fisker Inc.’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department
  

    #LI-remote
  

    #zip
  



Rootine is a mission-driven digital health startup focused on optimizing health and human performance through precision nutrition. Rootine unlocks total body health and supports common health conditions like fatigue, stress, brain fog and more through at-home lab testing, precision nutrition products, in-app tracking, and community. Cellular nutrition is core to health and we are building the only precise, end-to-end solution to optimize cellular nutrition.
 Entrepreneurship is not taught in college. Your formal education doesn't prepare you for the reality of starting and running a business. By working at Rootine you will have full access to see how a successful startup is run. We are tackling a massive market with strong tailwinds and are backed by top investors from around the globe.

 What We Are Looking For
 We’re looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer who is excited to build at the forefront of precision nutrition and use creativity to help us improve the health and daily performance of millions across the globe. You will play an important role in building products that inform and delight customers while empowering them to leverage their personal health data to achieve optimal health.
 As a very early member of a small team, you will have the opportunity to take ownership over a core application. You’ll work with the Head of Engineering directly to scope projects, architect, build and deploy new features and services. The right person for this role is a dynamic resource, skilled in executing familiar and unfamiliar tasks that is ready to take on a significant, high impact role on a small team.

 What You'll Do

 Work with the product team to build components end to end on a new customer facing web app using React JS & Typescript
 Work with the customer teams to build a new internal web app for managing internal customer operations using React JS & Typescript
 Build a new private API using Fast API in Python
 Build & maintain integrations with 3rd party vendors
 Assist in frontend development of the e-commerce website as needed


 Who You Are:

 You have~ 3 years experience as a Full Stack Engineer working in teams on a software product using React + Typescript and Python
 You have proven experience building production ready, customer facing web applications
 You have previous experience designing and deploying APIs
 You have previous experience with data modeling
 You have Strong sql skills

 Location Base: Remote
 Compensation: Competitive Salary + Equity Potential for Right Candidate
 Manager: Report to Head of Engineering

 How to Apply
 Interested? Apply here or
 Email rick@rootine.co with subject line Full Stack Mid level Software Engineer
 Rootine provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
 This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.


Who We Are
Letter B is a Software solutions provider that is able to develop custom solutions to common business data problems. We develop new software, upgrade legacy software and integrating systems that do not currently talk with each other.
The Position Details
The Software / Web Application Developer will work directly with our customers and our application development team to program in a variety of languages and disciplines depending on the needs of our customers. Any thing from MS Access to SQL server to Mongo DB will be worked with. Your tasks will not be mundane or repetitive as our customer needs could lead to you having to develop a website one day and work on a Raspberry Pi another day. We don't package software and sell one thing fits. We write custom solutions for the custom problems our customers face.
Job Responsibilities
* Proactive monitoring of project task status and user story completion. Testing of completed user stories and features. Track time on task and task progress with our team tools.
* Develop software solutions utilizing a varied tool set but primarily C#.net, Javascript, .net core Java, SQL Server, Mongo DB, AS 400, Wordpress
* Provide exceptional customer service through timely, courteous, and respectful communication; effective listening; identifying and anticipating needs; and helping customers understand their system(s).
* Prepares detailed specifications, technical and user documentation from which reports and extracts will be written.
* Ability to handle multiple projects at the same time
* Flexibility to work the occasional night or weekend if the project demands it
* Customer Support- for existing and new customers
* Ability to communicate effectively without any verbal or in person interactions
Position Qualifications
* At lease 2 years software development experience
* Strong organizational and communication skills and familiar with deploying code as well as, version control methods.
* Strong attention to details and a focus on making sure that the small specifics are taken care of
* Ability to question and eyeball data quality in reports.
* Analytical, problem-solving and conceptual skills
* Self starter that once they are introduced to the task is willing to research and work to get it done with basic supervision
*Associates degree or higher is required for this position
Why you should Work for Letter B
* We are good people that like to work with good people and for good people
* Every day and every project is different and provides a new set of challenges.
* Health, and Dental Insurance
* Paid Time Off
* Working in your fuzzy slippers with people from around the country on a daily basis is fun
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $28.00 - $35.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Night shift
On call
Weekend availability

Application Question(s):

Are you a problem solver

Education:

Associate (Preferred)

Experience:

ASP.NET: 2 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)
TypeScript: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Seismic, a rapidly growing Forbes Cloud 100 company, is the global leader in enablement, helping make sales teams better by becoming more productive and engaging with buyers in a compelling way. Seismic's platform provides continuous guidance to improve behavior, content, and skills to win more deals and deliver better experiences. Nearly 2,000 organizations including IBM and American Express have made Seismic their enablement platform of choice. Seismic integrates with business-critical platforms including Microsoft, Salesforce, Google and Adobe. Seismic is headquartered in San Diego, with offices across North America, Europe, and Australia.
Candidates for this role will typically have at least 2+ years experience and will be most successful if they have a desire to grow in our entire stack but specialize immediately in the backend.

What you'll be doing
Backend Engineering
Backend engineering at Seismic includes the following server-side tech stack; Ruby, Rails, PostgreSQL, Redshift, Algolia, Redis, Memcached, and whatever comes next.
This job will require the ability to write code according to our Ruby style guide and Rails style guide which will include fixing bugs, authoring and modifying gems, as well as authoring and modifying core and supporting application functionality.
Code Reviewer
A strong peer review culture is incredibly important to us. Everyone strives to improve every day, and the code review process is vital to this goal.

What you'll bring
Essential Abilities
Server-side tech (especially Ruby, Rails, Postgres, Docker)
You have experience building server-side tools, applications, APIs, or similar.
You have experience writing and maintaining code with a team at scale.
Working Cross-Functionally
You have experience working closely with back-end engineers, designers, testers, and product managers. People skills, along with a desire to both learn and teach, are essential.
Producing value, not work
You frequently ask clarifying questions about the intended impact of the work, weighing options, and devising creative solutions to complex problems.
Showing progress through iteration
You take a big problem and decompose it into shippable chunks that can ensure all parties are aligned on the outcome.
Business and technical translation
You are able to translate the non-technical business needs into a clear technical action plan and vice versa, seamlessly.
Promises delivered
You are known for the ability to make an estimate, establish a deadline collaboratively, and hit that mark.
What we have for you
Generous paid vacation, sick leave, and holiday benefits, including an end-of-year company shutdown
Competitive medical, dental and vision plans, as well as an optional Health Savings Account with a company contribution
Paid parental leave and family caregiver leave
Enhanced fertility and egg freezing benefits
401(k) plan with annual company match
Monthly stipend for cell phone expenses
Flexible work schedule
Seismic Cares employee volunteer program
#OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency

#LI-KC1 #LI-Remote
Headquartered in San Diego and with more than 1,300 employees across the globe, Seismic is the global leader in sales enablement, backed by firms such as Permira, Ameriprise Financial, EDBI, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and T. Rowe Price. Seismic also recently expanded its team and product portfolio with the acquisition of Percolate, Grapevine6, and Lessonly. Our board of directors is composed of several industry luminaries including John Thompson, former Chairman of the Board for Microsoft.

Seismic is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, religion, or any other classification which is protected by applicable law.

UNITED STATES CANDIDATES ONLY: Notice regarding COVID-19 vaccination requirement as a condition of employment. At Seismic, we prioritize the health and wellbeing of our employees, families, and friends above all else. In response to the novel Coronavirus, and the increased transmissibility with recent variants, all new U.S. based Seismic employees, whose job requires them to meet in person with others or be present at a Seismic office in the course of their employment, must provide original documentation confirming status having received the prescribed vaccinations (doses) based on the manufacturer's guidelines on their first day of employment. Accommodations due to medical or religious exemptions will be considered.

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Job Description



This is Ekkiden Ambition and innovation are our driving force. We aim high, act quickly, and acquire the wherewithal that we need to achieve our objectives. Our organisation is shaped by the requirements of both our clients and our teams. Becoming a European benchmark requires hard work, quality and respect. We pave our own path, with international teams committed to sustainable growth. We help clients to innovate and we make sure we question ourselves at all times. At Ekkiden everything is possible. Our managers are trained to bring out the best in every team member. If you are daring, creative, and have great people skills, if you want to live an extraordinary human experience and you don’t want to keep reminding yourself why you get up in the morning, it's time to meet up. 
  Role Within an international environment, we are looking for an experienced backend engineer to help the current team to architect and deliver new projects. The new consultant will be integrated into a multidisciplinary group with backend developers, frontend developers, mobile developers, and systems engineers to deliver projects with cutting-edge technologies. 
   This role is open to candidate working remotely from the GMT/CET time zone. Responsibilities:
  
 Design and implement reliable, high-performance systems to meet customer-facing and internal product needs 
Build and maintain secure cloud infrastructure solutions for high availability and ease-of-use 
Develop RESTful APIs with Django Rest Framework 
Architect new services using the latest technologies 
Designing and implementation of the infrastructure for new projects 
Integration with third-party APIs 
Deploy new services in AWS 
CI/CD design and implementation 
Provide feedback and mentorship to other engineers through code review, working sessions, design reviews, and other means 
What we are looking for :
  
 Master's university degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology 
5+ years of working experience on development and systems administration 
Strong knowledge of at least one backend programming language, preferably Python or Django 
Good knowledge of CI/CD pipelines 
Experience creating Docker images to deploy software 
Extensive experience with at least one major cloud infrastructures provider such as AWS or Linux 
Experience deploying and managing web applications on AWS from the Frontend to the Backend 
Understanding of modern web application technologies like containers, such as Docker or Kubernetes 
AI/ML knowledge is a plus 
DevOps, JIRA and GitHub experience is a plus 
Azure or AWS certifications linked to Infrastructure, Development, or Data management is a plus 
Fluent in English. Spanish is a plus 

We offer : 

Participate in the creation of a European technology and organisational consulting group 
A unique, innovative and dynamic working environment 
A career path tailored to your personality, both in terms of job position and location 
The opportunity to express yourself, assert your opinion and make an impact within our organisation and/or further afield 
You say it, you own it. Once your idea has been given the go-ahead, it is up to you to make it happen 
A demanding and innovative training programme delivered by our greatest experts 
Age is just a number, what really matter are achievements. We have a fast-track promotion system for employees who deliver 
Our working conditions are concentric with our values and ambitions 
Part time remote conditions





Job Detail



     Job Id
    

     JD2310769
     


     Industry
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Total Positions
    

     1
     


     Job Type:
    

     Full Time
     


     Salary:
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Employment Status
    

     Permanent 
    


     Job Location
    

     Remote, India
     


     Education
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Experience
    

     Year
    


HiringThing is looking for a Front End Engineer III to join the Engineering team. This role will focus on our growing React and Ruby on Rails-based applicant tracking software platform. Successful candidates will enjoy working on the latest web technologies in our ever-evolving stack and have input into product direction and technology decisions. We practice continuous integration and deploy on-demand throughout the day. The primary focus will be developing our hiring platform using React, but you'll also spend some time implementing best practices, test automation, and collaborating with fellow engineers on technical process initiatives. You will also participate in a business hours on-call engineering rotation.

Who HiringThing Is:

We are a cloud-based software company that helps companies post jobs online, manage applicants, and hire great employees. We’ve been in business since 2012 and are growing rapidly. We are a technology-first team dedicated to building the greatest recruiting software available. Our company is fully remote with no physical office. We keep in touch with Slack and regular video conferences. We meet as a team daily and are required to connect with other teams during standard business hours. You can work from home, in a coffee shop, or on the beach as long as the work gets done.

Who you will be working with:

You will be part of a cross-functional technical team comprised of Front End, Back End, and Full Stack Engineers. We work closely together and collaborate extensively with our Product and Client Services teams to develop elegant solutions to recruiting software needs.

Responsibilities:

Provide technical documentation to the engineering team and key stakeholders
Work hand-in-hand with Back End Engineers in new feature development
Help identify front end best practices for the team, enhancing efficiency and performance across the department
Maintain existing code, including bug fixes
Explore new methodologies and technologies that improve the quality, reliability, and performance of the HiringThing application
Provide regular updates to product, design, and business stakeholders for front end related work items

Requirements

Minimum 2 years of front end development (preferably at least 1 year of React experience)
Experience working in an agile development environment, preferably with Atlassian products
Experience with development/project life cycle and industry standards for front end development
Demonstrates enthusiasm, curiosity, and an innovative spirit
Independent work ethic
Extremely detail-oriented
Ability to communicate well in a team-oriented environment with 100% remote colleagues
Ability to cope with tight deadlines in a dynamic environment with changing priorities

Technologies in Play

React with and without Redux
Mocha/Chai
Ruby on Rails
MySQL
Amazon Web Services
Terraform
Docker

Compensation/Benefits:

401(k) plan with regular and Roth options available + employer match
$100/month telecom reimbursement
Up to $50/month fitness reimbursement
Participation in Employee Stock Option Plan
Comprehensive benefits offered to eligible employees
Opportunity for professional development and to learn/increase experience
Valuable work experience within a rapidly growing startup environment
Unlimited PTO policy
9 annual paid holidaysDeVry University strives to close our society’s opportunity gap by preparing learners to thrive in careers shaped by continuous technological change. Through innovative programs, relevant partnerships, and exceptional care, we empower students to meaningfully improve their lives, communities, and workplaces.


When you apply for a DeVry University career, you become part of an institution that dates back to 1931. Our colleagues are passionate about higher education and shaping the future of today’s learners.
Opportunity:
We are interested in developing long-term relationships with superior instructors who have high professional standards, excellent communication skills, enthusiasm and a commitment to providing the finest practitioner-focused education. We are seeking primarily Industry Professionals to share their knowledge and experience with undergraduate and graduate students in a variety of fields.

Primary responsibilities will include course development and redevelopment
Potential instructional opportunities in area(s) of expertise in the online learning environment.
Commitment is on a course by course basis.

Responsibilities:

Develop and review course material, following the guidance set forth by the National Dean.
During instructional opportunities, provide students with an approved DeVry University syllabus that follows a template established by the National Dean, and which includes the terminal course objectives.
Organizes, prepares, and regularly revises and update all course materials.
Uses appropriate technological options for online technologies and course-related software, including Websites, e-mail, and online discussions for preparing the course and making it accessible to students.
Models effective oral and written communications that engage the students, provide clarity, and improve student learning.
Sets clear expectations for the course by publishing course terminal objectives, assignment/examinations dates, and weight the distribution of various evaluation categories.
Ensures that the content and level of material included on exams correspond to the course terminal objectives.
Demonstrates consistency and fairness in the preparation and grading of assignments and exams, and provide timely feedback to students.
Completes other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
A master's degree is required for all faculty positions (with 18 graduate hours in the subject being taught for undergraduate teaching). PhD preferred.
Salesforce Administrator cert required,, Salesforce App Builder and/or Developer certification preferred
Additional requirements driven by state licensing or accreditation considerations may apply.
Faculty must have requisite subject matter expertise and outstanding communication skills.
Faculty must also have excellent motivational and instructional skills in a diverse and non-traditional environment.
Must be able to work in a collegial manner and facilitate the efforts of diverse groups.
We believe diversity is essential to our educational mission and to the success of our community. We are committed to fostering a working environment where differences are respected, valued and embraced.

DeVry does not require Colleagues provide proof of their vaccination status except where it is mandated by state, city or local rules.
About FCP EuroSince 1986, FCP Euro has become the leading online store for OE, OEM, and Genuine replacement parts for European cars. Check out our website at www.fcpeuro.com if you haven’t already done so.Because of unprecedented growth and an incredibly enthusiastic community, we’re expanding our company, and we are growing fast! With the right people, we’re convinced the next few years will be an incredible period of growth and excitement. To meet this challenge, we’re looking for new team members.We first look for chemistry, ambition, and compatibility, then we focus on the appropriate skills for each position. Here at FCP Euro our culture is key!Right now, we’re in one of the most exciting phases in our history. You’re going to sense urgency and energy when you become part of the FCP Euro family. Everyone has an opportunity to grow with us, especially people who show entrepreneurial spirit, ambition, and brilliance.Job SummaryThe Engineering Manager will be responsible for managing the career development and aspects of projects and short-term assignments for the Software Development Team. This person will take on key initiatives in project planning, delegating assignments, mentoring, requirements gathering, monitoring development progress, and communicating with key stakeholders across departments of the organization including, but not limited to Catalog, Content, Customer Service, Data Analytics, Distribution Center, Finance, and Marketing.Responsibilities and Duties

Oversee the budget and planning and execution of projects and sprint-based tasks to successful completion
Schedule and facilitate sprint meetings, identify available development resources and responsibilities, and serve as a point of contact for stakeholders across the organization
Communicate objectives and scope, oversee development, testing, and deployments
Manage project risk through comprehensive mitigation assessment and planning techniques, while communicating risks and rewards associated with project decisions and actions
Actively manage the work efforts of multiple engineering resources
Participate in software architectural discussions, influence decisions, and collaborate with peers to maintain consistency across the organization
Develop required processes for sprint planning, software releases, and documentation
Maintain, monitor, and actively report development status updates to stakeholders
Collaborate and mentor team members on career development goals, training initiatives, and progress
Assess requirements for feasibility and develop functional specs for allocated resources
Constantly look for ways to improve development performance and experience
Establish strong working relationships across all levels and departments of the organization, partnering to outline roadmaps and share updates on the progress

*Qualifications and Skills*

Excellent oral and written communication skills
Leadership skills necessary to manage and develop a team
Strong understanding of software engineering projects and people management
Demonstrated track record of cultivating strong working relationships and collaborating across multiple teams
Ability to organize and prioritize tasks and day-to-day activities for self and development team members with the flexibility to change as needed
Identify opportunities for continuous improvement in the development process
Ability to partner with leadership to promote and sustain management best practices and educate the broader organization
A willingness to continually pursue professional development and knowledge of engineer management best practices
Knowledge of Agile frameworks, such as Scrum
Had previous experience as a project/product manager, senior software engineer, or technical lead
Have an urge to collaborate and communicate asynchronously
Working knowledge of AWS, Docker, and Ruby on Rails is a plus
Experience working in eCommerce is ideal
Passion for European cars and/or motorsports is preferred

CompensationSalary range $95,000 - $120,000 / yr. Total cash compensation: $102,500 - $138,750 / yr.Benefits and Perks

Monthly Profit Sharing Award Program
Medical, Dental, Vision
Life, Disability, Critical Illness, Accident
PTO (Paid Time Off)
401k with Company Match
Exclusive Discount Offerings

WE56PWG6jl
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $102,500.00 - $138,750.00 per year


  C# / Node.js Engineer 
  
   INTRODUCTION
   
Job Title: Front-end Developer React | Node | VUE
   
Job Location: 100% Remote
   
Job Salary: 150-170k
   
Requirements: 
 1.) Portfolio of completed work
    2.) Strong JavaScript/TypeScript, or Node.js, or React.JS experience 
    3.) Website and App development
   
 If you are a Front-End Engineer with experience, please read on!
  
 Top Reasons to Work with Us

    TOP REASONS TO WORK WITH US
   

Who Are We: We are building the future of communication.
   
What Do We Do: We are a product and engineering forward. This is a problem solvers dream company.
   
Why Are We Hiring: We are growing fast and need help to scale.
   
What Is In This For You: Work with the leaders who are shaping the future of technology.
   

APPLY NOW: If you are looking for your next incredible challenge that not only will help your skills develop but will help your career move up, this is the place for you! We are interviewing candidates this week and next week!
   

CONTINUE READING AND APPLY TODAY!

 What You Will Be Doing

Responsible for server and web application development across the extended reality platform.
Build and manage application systems, such as authentication, authorization, commerce,
 accounts, profiles, etc.
  

Coordinate and lead projects through all phases of design and implementation within
 areas of responsibility.
   What You Need for this Position

 Requirements: 
 1.) Portfolio of completed work
    2.) Strong JavaScript/TypeScript, or Node.js, or React.JS experience 
    3.) Website and App development
   

Bonus Skills: 
 1.) Start-up experience
   
 Ability to thrive in a fast-paced start-up with minimal supervision.
  
 Benefits

Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision


    So, if you are a Front-End Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  

    Colorado employees will receive paid sick leave. For additional information about available benefits, please contact Daniel Ward
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
About Pantheon

Pantheon’s WebOps Platform powers the open web, running sites in the cloud for customers including Stitch Fix, Okta, Home Depot, Pernod Ricard and The Barack Obama Foundation. Every day, thousands of developers and marketers create, iterate, and scale websites on the open web to reach billions of people globally. Pantheon’s SaaS model puts large and small web and digital teams in control of increasing the performance of their teams, websites, and marketing programs. Pantheon cloud native software includes governance, security and collaboration tools that make it easy to securely manage a single website or thousands of websites across multiple teams in one platform. The built-in ability to simultaneously create, test, deploy and run live sites with unrivaled hosting speed, scalability and uptime give marketing teams the agility to win in the dynamic world of digital marketing.

With 35% of the web running open-source and significant investments in a $200 billion total addressable market, we are growing aggressively into a huge market opportunity and looking to expand our organization.

The Role

Pantheon is currently looking for a motivated, proactive, collaborative, and energetic Software Engineer to be part of a team responsible for building and maintaining foundational components and services in Google Cloud Platform that generate and process build artifacts for decoupled websites using CMS backends and React-based Frontend frameworks. It involves using Golang, Javascript/Node.js, GraphQL, and Terraform.

Cool Things You’ll Do

Collaborate with multiple skill sets and disciplines to design, build, and maintain APIs and services that underlie our customers’ experience.
Work with engineers from multiple teams to continue our investment in improving our service architecture.
Own our team’s production systems, measure and track their health, and assist our dedicated support team to resolve production issues.
Maintain a CI/CD pipeline for testing and deploying microservices.
Mentor other engineers and provide thoughtful feedback.
Partner closely with Pantheon Product teams to define product strategy, roadmaps, and deliverables.
Work across teams to share architecture, evolve engineering standards, improve testing approaches, mentor peers, and celebrate our wins.

What you Bring to the Table

You are a full-stack developer with strong knowledge and experience developing in a CI/CD environment using CircleCI, Terraform, Docker, Kubernetes on Google Cloud Platform and AWS.
You have knowledge and experience with Google Cloud Platform services and components such as Cloud Build, Cloud Run, Cloud Functions, Cloud Key Management Service, and Firebase.
You have developed APIs in Golang, Java, Python, PHP, or Node.js.
Experience with GraphQL, especially using Apollo Client and Server.
You can lead technical architecture discussions and help drive technical decisions.
Experience with unit, functional, integration and end-to-end testing strategies.
You are a clear communicator, able to represent your contributions and ideas with clarity while remaining open to the contributions and ideas of others.
Take pride in what you can do as part of a team.
Excited about working collaboratively, with different teams, on different parts of the product.
You have 8+ years of professional software development experience.
Bonus if you have knowledge of Drupal 8/9 and Wordpress 5.7 backend and frontend components and APIs.

What We Offer

We have all the usual perks and benefits but what we can really offer you is a fantastic work environment powered by an amazing team.

Industry competitive compensation and stock option plan
Unlimited time off and sick days
Full medical coverage (medical, dental, vision)
Top-of-line equipment
Fun at WordPress and Drupal community events
Extra benefits like a stipend for reading books and your work-outs and a whole suite of paid apps for mental as well as physical health and wellbeing
Events and activities both team-based and company wide that inspire, educate and cultivate.

Pantheon is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and we welcome applications from all backgrounds regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, or any other classification protected by law. Pantheon complies with federal and local disability laws and makes reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation due to a disability for any part of the interview process, please contact talent@pantheon.io. Pursuant to local and federal regulations, Pantheon will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records for employment.

After an offer is made and accepted, E-verify will be utilized to establish your identity and employment eligibility as required by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security

To review the Employee and Applicant's Privacy Policy, click here.

#LI-Remote

#LI-JK1
MassVR is looking for a Game Programmer with working experience in Unreal Engine 4 to join our Development team in creating immersive VR gaming experiences. The Game Programmer will translate ideas into code, prototype features, and ensure successful implementation. Our current project is a new multiplayer IP for the Oculus Quest 2 and is expected to receive ports and DLC after the initial project timeline.
We are looking for someone who: 

Is passionate about video game development, virtual reality, and user experience
Is detail-oriented and resourceful; can address unique projects and problems
Can make informed decisions throughout the development process
Can self-manage and meet individual and team deadlines
Can contribute to the planning, design, and creation of games from conception to finalization
Is able to analyze and assess the needs of various audiences to inform the game-making process
Understands code and blueprint lifecycles of Unreal Engine 4

As a Game Programmer, you will: 

Prototype new game features
Debug and optimize gameplay systems
Coordinate with the game development team to create task lists and deliverable timelines
Take ownership of both new features and existing projects
Demonstrate and apply strong problem-solving skills
Play test regularly and help implement internal and external feedback to deliver the most balanced experience possible

Requirements: 

3+ years of experience in Unreal Engine 4 and C++
Self-motivated and organized; able to work independently
Able to balance multiple tasks and timelines

Preferred: 

Experience networking and optimizing/profiling multiplayer games

This is a remote-work position. This position is eligible for health and dental benefits, 401k, royalty-based bonuses, flexible work schedules, accrued and bonus PTO days, and additional office holidays.
Company Overview 
At MassVR, we pride ourselves on providing innovative and immersive virtual reality experiences. Our games take players to new and fascinating worlds where they can explore, compete, and engage with the action around them. Our mission is to continuously push the boundaries of what is possible and to redefine the landscapes of virtual reality and esports.
MassVR is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable local, state, and federal employment laws. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Job description
Blink Marketing Logistics seeks a dynamic and motivated individual to fill a full-time software developer position within our IT department. This individual will support existing and implement new web and business integration solutions that drive client services and internal processes.
The ideal candidate will have three years minimum cumulative experience developing and supporting database-driven .NET web applications, with a work history demonstrating continued growth in knowledge and responsibility.
This position will require on-site work with a partial remote option after completing onboarding.
Primary Duties & Responsibilities

Troubleshoot and resolve application bugs
Maintain and update code for existing applications and systems
Develop new features, functions, and solutions
Observe programming and data standards and best practices
Coordinate and execute internal testing
Coordinate and conduct end-user testing
Author wire-frame, workflow, data flow, and other mock-ups for existing or proposed solutions
Author technical documentation for new and existing code
Author end-user documentation for new and existing applications

Desired Skills & Qualifications
The requirements listed below represent the knowledge, skills, and abilities that will allow the individual to perform assigned job duties successfully.

Candidate must be a US citizen
Experience with HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, and CSS
Proficient in working with C# and ASP.NET
Experience working with XML and JSON
Experience working with MVC design patterns and development
Experience developing database-driven web applications, including use of SQLClient, OLEDB, and ODBC database connectivity libraries
Experience working with SQL Server database design and development, including familiarity with Transact-SQL, stored procedures, functions, and predefined views
Some experience working with VBScript and VB.NET will be beneficial
Cursory knowledge of Windows server and network environments, including Active Directory, Exchange, DHCP, DNS, and file/print services
Ability to analyze, evaluate and troubleshoot pre-existing code and code libraries
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks within deadlines
Excellent interpersonal communication skills
Ability to quickly establish rapport with clients and co-workers
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
High level of self-motivation and personal accountability
Associates/Bachelors in Software Development or similar field, or 3-5 years practical work experience developing .NET web applications (Preferred)

Benefits & Compensation
In addition to any base wage/salary described, Blink Marketing Logistics offers a competitive range of employee benefits, many available after only 90 days of employment. Here are just some of the benefits for eligible employees:
Unlimited Vacation TIme
Group Health insurance with competitive premium contributions
Group Dental insurance
Company-provided Long-Term Disability insurance
Personal Health Savings Account with company contributions
401K with company contributions
Work Remotely

No

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Remote: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Git: 3 years (Preferred)
HTML5: 3 years (Preferred)
ASP.NET: 3 years (Required)
C#: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)

Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote

We are a Series D company that creates software solutions that combine lean principles, predictive and prescriptive analytics, and machine learning to transform hospital and infusion center operations. More than 125 health systems and ~500 hospitals across 42 states rely on our award-winning products to increase patient access, decrease wait times, and reduce healthcare delivery costs. We have raised more than $250 million from top-tier investors such as Insight Partners and Goldman Sachs. We have been named among the top 100 AI companies in the world.
*_Please note that while this role is listed as available for remote, we are currently employing in the following states: AK, AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, IL, IN, MA, MD, MI, MO, NH, NC, OH, PA, SC, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI. If your state is not listed, we may not be able to proceed with your application. We have offices in Santa Clara, CA and Charlotte, NC for employees who prefer to work regularly or occasionally from an office._*
Our Quality & Release Engineers are part of small, cross-functional product module teams and work very closely with PM and Dev to ensure quality for their modules with automation and manual testing. Given that we’re an enterprise B2B products company, both manual testing and automation testing are essential.
WHAT YOU’LL DO

Understand the product module you’re assigned to and influence its roadmap from a QA standpoint. You’ll play a key role in ensuring high quality features.
Develop and enhance our core automation frameworks - Functionality, Performance, and Data Quality. We use Protractor/Jasmine for front-end automation and Python for backend/data QA automation.
Work with PM and Dev to plan and release sprints; and develop and execute QA plans and test cases for features, enhancements, and bug fixes. Catch bugs before users do.
Analyze bugs, develop root cause analysis, and help engineers understand the problem.
Work with DevOps to integrate QA frameworks into the Jenkins build pipelines and ensure that all QA automation runs smoothly.

WHAT YOU’LL BRING

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent work experience.
2+ years of professional experience working on production web applications as a QA or software engineer. Formal QA experience is a nice to have, but not a must have. Engineers who want to spend a few years in QA and transition to Dev are welcome (and common to this role).
A broad understanding of database driven web services and applications and visualizing how web applications work. Given a feature, the ability to imagine all the happy paths and unhappy paths and find good bugs.
A robust coding experience with either Javascript or Python or both.
A restlessness for automation.
Familiarity with bug tracking systems; JIRA preferred.
Appreciation for documentation and project management.

WHAT YOU’LL GET

Intellectual and emotional satisfaction of solving tough operational problems in healthcare while improving patient access and saving lives!
Competitive compensation package that includes base salary, annual bonus, and RSUs
401(k) Match
Comprehensive healthcare benefits
Generous Paid Time Off and Parental Leave
Monthly reimbursement for Skill Building
Monthly reimbursement for Wellness, Transportation, and/or Home Office
Education Reimbursement for select courses/programs

#LI-Remote
LeanTaaS is an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting an inclusive work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value diversity, inclusion, and aim to provide a sense of belonging for everyone. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you require assistance during the application process, please reach out to accommodations@leantaas.com. LeanTaaS will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law.
Please note: LeanTaaS is not accepting agency resumes at this time, and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.
Job Type: Full-time



   Hello! We are the +1 Labs Team, a team within Match Group (mtch.com) that focuses on enabling our brands to provide best-in-class services.
  


 Our team develops collaborative software that’s used by top brands like Tinder, Hinge, Match.
  


 View our brands: https://mtch.com/ourcompany
  


 We are based in Dallas, TX. We are open to considering a remote office for a qualified candidate who can travel periodically to Dallas.

How you will make an impact:

You will implement new RESTful API endpoints, make changes to existing high-volume endpoints, and build new microservices using .NET Core and core technologies in AWS.
 You will also write unit and integration tests to verify these endpoints.
 Along the way you will confront scalability challenges, navigate distributed systems, and apply best practices.

We could be a match if:

2+ years of real-world development experience.
 Comfortable in an agile, fast-paced environment.
 Ability to creatively solve problems within pairing or team discussions.
 Excellent communication skills in technical discussions.
 Willingness to bridge gaps for non-technical discussions.
 Knowledgeable in Microsoft stack (C#, .NET Core).
 Knowledge of cloud deployments. We focus on AWS (ECS, Lambda, DynamoDB, etc.).
 Experienced in writing testable code (with strong desire to become more proficient in testable code).
 BS in Computer Science or Engineering preferred.

What is the team like?

We are a small but multi-faceted team where everyone adds value.
 We work collaboratively with MTCH’s major functions (Trust & Safety, Product, Analytics).
 We are laidback but we work fast, meet tight deadlines, and still manage to write code with testing, performance, and scalability in mind.


    #LI-CENTRAL
  

    #LI-REMOTE
  


 Why Match Group?



 Our mission is simple – to help people find love and happiness! We love our employees too – here are some examples how:
  


 Annual training budget for each employee
  

    100% employer match on 401k contributions
  

    Specific COVID-19 allowance for home office set-up
  

    Matched giving to qualified organizations
  

    100% paid Parental Leave for up to 20 weeks
  

    Happy Hours and Company events 
  



   At Match Group, we represent a collection of unique brands - but we all focus together on the health and safety of all of our employees. That's why we require that employees are fully-vaccinated when in person at any US office or company-sponsored fun. If you need to talk through this in-person vaccine requirement, our People team can work with you through our accommodations review process.
  


 We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we value the rich dynamics that diversity brings to our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability, marital status, age, sexual orientation, sex (including pregnancy and sexual harassment), gender identity or expression, uniformed service or veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected characteristic. Period.




Travel Required: Less than 10% 
Public Trust: MBI (T2) 
Requisition Type: Regular 

This position is for a team member supporting the effort to enhance NOAA’s scientific data search, discovery, and access systems. The team member will work with a team of software developers in accordance with NCEI and NOAA processes and agile best practices. The team is responsible for all phases of development from requirements gathering and analysis to implementation using Agile methodologies. Additionally, self-learning is expected in order to find innovative solutions to complex problems. This position:

 Is suited for an experienced professional capable of working with team members and stakeholders in various geographical locations.
 Requires attention to detail and following established processes to plan and support various projects.
 Requires understanding of technical tools and system architecture across various platforms.
 Requires the ability to translate and communicate project requirements to developers and operators.
 Requires a professional degree in computer science, systems engineering, computer engineering or a similar field.
 Choice of working at the location: Asheville, NC or 100% REMOTE.

 Required Skills
   
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Skills at collaborating with other teams and outside partners at various locations
 Experience with Agile development methodologies
 Proficiency with Python and Java or similar languages
 Experience working on Unix platforms.
 Experience with standard application programming interfaces (APIs) and protocols such as REST
 Familiarity with version control systems (preferably Git) in a team environment
 Experience using Windows OS and Google G-Suite

 Preferred Skills
   
 Experience serving as scrum master for an Agile team
 Experience with Atlassian Jira and Confluence
 Experience leading demos/presentations
 Experience with XML and JSON
 Familiarity with software utilities, data indexing, and workflow management tools such as Docker, Elasticsearch, and NiFi
 Experience with Jenkins automation server
 Proficiency with message-broker software (e.g. RabbitMQ) and its implementation
 Experience with cloud computing, big data, distributed computing, and API mapping
 Familiarity with cloud-optimized data file formats such as Zarr, Parquet, etc. as well as traditional scientific file formats such as GRIB, netCDF, and HDF5.
 Experience working with metadata, specifically metadata standards such as ISO 19115.


 DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS (or equivalent experience), 0+ years of experience or 4 years of work related experience.

 #NCEIOpportunities
The likely salary range for this position is $42,000 - $63,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. 
View information about benefits and our total rewards program. 



About Our Work
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
COVID-19 Vaccination
 GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
 GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.



Instrument is a digital product and brand experience agency of more than 400 talented people on a dozen different teams, each focused on particular clients and dedicated to producing best-in-class work. Our shift to a remote-first model has only strengthened and diversified our company culture, and we’re committed to career advancement, personal support, and a healthy work/life balance for everyone we hire.
You’re an experienced backend developer who can architect and execute on medium to large scale applications, manage and execute deployments in an efficient, organized and timely way and always with security and efficiency in mind. You know the systems and languages well enough to tackle any size problem with the appropriate solution, and can articulate the process in understandable terms to the rest of your team. You're fluent in multiple languages and are able to articulate solutions to a wide audiene.
Job Type: Full-time


Medidata: Power Smarter Treatments and Healthier People
 Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,900+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @medidata.
 Your Mission: 
The Java Full Stack Applications Engineer will be primarily responsible for providing Design, Development, Improvement, Troubleshooting and Maintenance for the web-based Clinical trial application, Rave Imaging. The successful Engineer will be solution oriented, adapt to changing environments, and able to work with minimal defined requirements while continuously raising the standard of quality in our products and services in a full solutions-oriented SaaS environment.  As an Applications Engineer you will have the opportunity to work as an individual contributor as part of an Agile team that is delivering technical upgrades and enhancements to existing Java web applications and web services.
 Your Competencies: You will work at the highest levels taking the product through the entire lifecycle of analysis, design, coding, testing and implementation and support. You will develop software applications and associated artifacts such as unit tests, installation programs and test automation code. You will apply good technical practices such as continuous integration, test automation, source code control and review. You will write code predominantly in Java using Eclipse or IntelliJ IDE. Databases used are MongoDB, SQL and Amazon S3 for storage and you will be required to read from, write to and query the databases as required for the applications. AngularJS and ReactJS are the JavaScript-based front-end web application framework used for the Commercial Imaging software, and Echo is the legacy server-side Java UI framework used by the Clinical Imaging software. 

Provide diagnostic support, identify root causes and bug fixing to the regulated clinical trial application and commercial web applications as well as the tools used in conjunction with the applications: File Transfer Agents, Imaging Director, restful API.
 Participating in code reviews and making recommendations on requirements and standard methodologies.
 Utilize appropriate Agile methods to solve problems in an accurate and efficient manner.
 Follow Medidata’s Standard Operating Procedures to ensure all software meets regulatory and company requirements.
 Work with Agile team members, particularly Software Quality Assurance and Product Management, to write clear, concise and comprehensive feature files.
 Participate in Agile working practices such as daily scrum meetings, sprint planning meetings, reviews and retrospectives
 Submit pull requests through GitHub and respond appropriately to any issues with the build, unit tests or code reviews.
 Effectively communicates technical information and processes to relevant partners (e.g., cross-functional groups, clients)
 Identify tasks in planning, contribute to scenario writing, and actively contribute at retrospectives

 Your Education and Experience: 

Bachelor’s degree or higher in CS or MIS or equivalent experience in related roles
 3-5 years of Java, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and MSQL
 AngularJS, ReactJS, JQuery, Bootstrap, Ajax, Junit, package management are a plus
 Experience with AWS, S3 preferred
 Java Rules Engine API and Drools knowledge are a plus
 Schema-less databases, such as MongoDB helpful
 SQL Development (Stored Procedures, Views, Query Optimization, etc.)
 Experience developing and/or maintaining a production application
 Code repositories such as GitHub
 Continuous Integration tools like Jenkins/Hudson
 Eclipse or IntelliJ
 Familiarity using bug-tracking tools such as Jira
 Strong analytical and debugging skills
 Experience with TDD and BDD
 Experience working in a regulated environment with clinical trials data and CDISC standards a plus
 Understanding of Agile methods such as Scrum preferred
 Flexible, independent and self-motivated
 Strong communication and collaboration skills
 SaaS/SOA application design with modern web frameworks
 Service-Oriented Architecture (REST, SOAP, JSON, XML and related technologies)


 Medidata requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and to provide documentation of full vaccination, unless qualified for an accommodation as determined by Medidata, consistent with applicable law. Although accommodation requests will be considered (and granted where appropriate/possible), it may be determined that a candidate is unable to adequately perform the essential functions of the position without imposing an undue hardship on Medidata due to customer requirements, staffing needs, or other business reasons.
 Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.  #LI-EM1



  Description: 
   Abacus Solutions Group:
 We're built on our shared core values! We are difference-makers, passionate about serving, we work hard with integrity and do the right thing. Difference makers means that we look at every opportunity as a chance to make a difference. Passionate about serving means that we are always looking for ways to serve our customers and coworkers. Working hard and doing the right thing with integrity means that for every decision we first ask, “Is the decision consistent with our moral and ethical principles”. We hire, review, reward and recognize our teammates based on these characteristics, so it is important that you share these values to be part of the team.
 Overview:
 We’re hiring a DevOps Engineer to work on a contract project within Microsoft. This position is projected to begin as soon as a qualified candidate is identified.
 The DevOps Engineers support the build, test, and release processes for internally built software and system tools and systems. The candidate will work offsite and meet with team leadership weekly, monthly, and as needed.
 Long Term Project
 Responsibilities:

 Work on design, development, automation, and maintenance of product and release
 Documenting software for source code management, software compilation, and or artifacts content distribution
 Ensures efficient planning, installation/configuration, maintenance, and operations of hardware and software to build, validate, and release software products
 Ensures timely software releases and implementations from development to deployment
 Performs/administers builds, packaging, analysis, and version build/release
 Requires deep knowledge of software configuration management
 Debug nodes
 . Requirements: 
  
Advanced Linux Administration
 Kubernetes
 Docker engine experience (check, start, stop, debug docker engine failure)
 Docker containers (create image and manage)
 NFS experience (add, manage, etc.)
 Ansible
 SSH (configure, public/private, etc.)
 Static IP, DHCP, DNS – administration and debugging
 PXE (administration, workflow, debugging)
 Physical Hardware Management
 Familiarity with how servers function (deploy, boot, operate, etc.)
 NVIDIA Server (NVIDIA GPUs including PeerDirect, Frameworks, etc.)
 System Event Log management
 iLo, iDRAC, BMC, Redfish
 InfiniBand

 Education:

 Bachelor’s Degree in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) preferred
 3+ years of experience OR Master’s Degree in computer science STEM Degree
 1+ years of software development experience preferred

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.


This role involves development of embedded application for inertial navigational functionality for space & satellite usage.
This effort includes SW development of data integrity, navigational solutions, and communication aspects on a space based electronic system. Requires working knowledge of C / C/C++, JIRA, and Bitbucket.
Possesses the ability to write test scripts to test SW features and to run regression tests. Knowledgeable in building the SW release.
Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 5+ years of experience in the field or in a related area.
May provide consultation on complex projects and is considered a top-level contributor / specialist.
Must have the following experience: Software Development Life Cycle process development; requirements, design,implementation, unit and integration testing phases. Utilizing and developing embedded software for Real-Time Operating Systems (RTOS) and rate-based systems.
Utilizing C/C++ software development environments to build and debug software on target hardware
Maintaining software under version control using GIT / BitBucket or similar Software version control systems Utilizing Atlassian Jira (or similar) for issue tracking Familiar with static code analysis tools.We value subcontractors with the following experience: Navigational and sensor elements in a Space development environment Development and utilization of aerospace I/O standards (ARINC, MIL-STS 1553, Fiber Optic, Ethernet)
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $80.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Your E-mail address?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Embedded software development: 5 years (Required)
RTOS: 4 years (Required)
Navigation/Space: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

ISO: Junior React Developer
The PositionCarousel is building an e-learning platform that provides social-emotional learning (SEL) content via a gamified app and provides tools to engage with students through an advocate dashboard. You can learn more about SEL and its benefits here (https://casel.org/fundamentals-of-sel/what-does-the-research-say/#benefits).
We are seeking an energetic junior developer to help us refine the Carousel product suite. Our products are growing from a single content base to serving content from multiple providers, and we want you to help us make the leap. We hope to provide an excellent spot for you to grow your skills and participate in building a meaningful product with a motivated team.
Key Features- Fully remote – we primarily work asynchronously- Starts at 15/hr per week- Opportunity to renegotiate rate and hours in 3 months- Opportunity for a full-time salaried role
Required Education/Experience- Computer Science degree or college degree with equivalent experience- (non-negotiable) Either 1+ years of experience developing in ReactJS or NodeJS as an employee or contractor or 1+ years contributing to open source projects with other developers.
Required Skills- Strong JS fundamentals- Demonstrable team experience with ReactJS- Strong HTML5/CSS knowledge- Experience with the Context API and/or Redux- A solid understanding of responsive design- Ability to use version control and familiarity with code review- Ability to research and compare approaches and report the results of that research clearly and concisely
Our Tech Stack- ReactJS- Node.js- React Native- AWS & GCP- Strapi
The ProductHere's a video demo (also on our marketing site): https://youtu.be/pttV0uNGiNA.Here's a short deck with a more detailed platform intro: https://docsend.com/view/ckhc5bsuwhm2jpv2.
The CompanyCarousel is an early-stage edtech startup that was incorporated in the fall of 2020 as a public benefit corporation, which means we put impact over profits. Since inception, we’ve generated$50k in pre-sales from a strategic partner, Denver Kids, Inc., and we’ve raised $325k from angel investors.
Carousel embraces diversity and equal opportunity. We aim to build a team that reflects the differences in backgrounds, skills, and perspectives that can help us build better universal SEL tools.
The Team- Joe Ewing (CEO) has co-founded two other businesses, earned an MBA, focused on social impact and "fixing capitalism." Joe guides the company vision and handles the business side, including sales development, marketing, fundraising, investor relations, legal, administrative, and HR.
- Stephen Killingsworth (CTO) is an educational start-up founder, an engineer with over ten years of experience, and a technical product expert. Stephen is the head of engineering, oversees product development, and collaborates with Joe on strategic partnerships.
Cheers,Joe & Stephen - Co-founders at Carousel
Job Types: Part-time, Contract
Pay: $32.00 - $37.00 per hour
Benefits:

Flexible schedule

COVID-19 considerations:All work is 100% remote and we are sensitive to unexpected health-related issues.
Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

React: 1 year (Required)
paid software development: 1 year (Required)
team software development: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


We are looking for a Mid-level Software Engineer who is passionate about front-end, sympathetic to the experience design process, with a strong understanding of accessibility. 








Inside IR35
 We are looking for a Mid-level Software Engineer who is passionate about front-end, sympathetic to the experience design process, with a strong understanding of accessibility. This individual will also champion front-end engineering craft through continuous learning and development.
 Key skills:

A modern standards approach, utilising modern standards such as automation and testing.
Uses industry best practice and standards to design, create, test and document new or existing software.
HTML/CSS experience with emphasis on creating cross-browser websites and applications.
Good knowledge of JavaScript, DOM manipulation and with a practical understanding of producing modular code using modern build tools.
Good Knowledge of PHP languages.
An appreciation of end-to-end software delivery.

The role
 The role is to work with a large e-commerce brand to re-design their customers' digital experience and grow their website revenue and which will support the first steps in attracting long-standing customers.
 Our methodology:

Design, develop, deliver and improve software and software delivery methods to meet identified needs.
Follow and improve upon best practice guidelines.
Write clean, secure, maintainable code.
Consult, advise and demonstrate software engineering best practice to clients.
Consult and advise on best transition path from MVP to scalable solutions.

Who we are
 We design, engineer and optimise products and services that improve the lives of millions of people all over the world. With studios in the UK, Singapore, India and South Africa, we operate globally.
 We imagine, create and deliver products and services rooted in genuine user needs. We also partner with our parent company Zensar, a leading digital and technology solutions provider. Together, we execute digital transformation programmes for major brands.
 We're welcoming new talent into the Foolproof fold and want to ensure it’s just as diverse as the world around us. That's why we want to hear from everyone regardless of background, identity or ability. Different perspectives make us who we are and our work a success.







      Department
     

      Tech and Engineering 
     

      Role
     

      Front-End Engineer 
     

      Locations
     

      Remote 
     

      Remote status
     

      Fully Remote 
     

      Employment type
     

      Contract 
     





Job opportunities


Front End Developer 
       
        Tech and Engineering · Remote · Fully Remote 
       
QA Tester Contract 
       
        Tech and Engineering · Greece · Fully Remote 
       
Front-End Engineer 
       
        Tech and Engineering · Pune or Bengaluru · Temporarily Remote 
       




      More jobs 
     







Remote

United Kingdom
DG10 9LT N/A Directions 
      








About Foolproof




      Founded in 2002 
     

      Coworkers 150 
     

      Turnover £20Mn 
     








     Tech and Engineering · Remote · Fully Remote 
    
Front End Developer Contractor
We are looking for a Mid-level Software Engineer who is passionate about front-end, sympathetic to the experience design process, with a strong understanding of accessibility.





JOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position - No agencies (See notes below)
 LOCATION: Remote (TimeZone: BST, CST, EST)
 HOURLY RANGE: Our client is looking to pay $100 - $135 USD / HR
 ESTIMATED DURATION: 40Hrs/Week - Long-term, ongoing project

 ABOUT US:
 Braintrust (usebraintrust.com) is a user-controlled talent network, where you keep 100% of what you earn and get a say in how the network is run with the BTRST token. We've onboarded some of the world's most reputable brands and now we need a Node.js for one of our clients.

 ABOUT OUR CLIENT:
 Our client was born out of a vision to advance the craft of software development for creators, visionaries, and humanity. We’re searching for developers who care passionately about the craft of software development and are hungry to level up.
 We’re dedicated to growth through discipline, collaboration, and mentorship. Our goal is to master the art of building software as small teams of passionate craftspeople. We help our clients—from brand new start-ups to tech companies and enterprise organizations—implement their own diverse cultures of software development mastery.
 We practice lower-case ‘a’ agile implemented as a mix of XP (extreme programming), lean, and user centered design. We have strong opinions loosely held and are always exploring new and better ways to build software systems and organize teams.
 A week in the life at Artium:

 Start the day with a quick standup.
Dive into a mix of pair or solo programming, depending on the task at hand.
Take time for lunch and breaks.
Sign off and recharge at the end of the work day.
Finish the week with a team retrospective.
Cross collaborate with product managers and designers.
Own your calendar: spend most of your time coding instead of in meetings, join the activities that interest you.
Join engineering craft workshops where you’ll share ideas and get exposed to new techniques.
Mentor others in your areas of expertise.
Take time to study new methods, technologies, or other areas of interest.
Model our values of pursuing mastery, humanity, and courage. Read more here to see what that means to us.

 Deliverable:
 You'll be working on an exciting US Government project

 Some things you might have in your background:

 Experience with Node.js
You value cooperation and view software development as a team activity
You’re comfortable collaborating in a remote environment
You have strong opinions loosely held
You’re committed to your craft and have a desire for continuous learning and growth

 ABOUT THE HIRING PROCESS:
 Qualified candidates will be invited to do a screening interview with the Braintrust staff. We will answer your questions about the project, and our platform. If we determine it is the right fit for both parties, we'll invite you to join the platform and create a profile to apply directly for this project.
 C2C Candidates: This role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. But if you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around your consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.
 Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.

 This is a remote position.
 


AppSec Automation Engineer
 Come join NowSecure on our mission to save the world from unsafe mobile apps!
 As a cyber security innovator, we are the leader in Mobile Application Security Testing. We literally wrote the book on mobile app forensics and testing. At NowSecure, we craft the industry’s most advanced appsec technology and deliver expert appsec services so our customers can protect their own business, their employees and their customers from insecure mobile apps. Our customers include the world’s largest banks, government agencies, and top brands that run on mobile. We are a dynamic team of advanced security researchers, software engineers, services experts, sales professionals, marketing gurus and financial managers that are looking for inspired, entrepreneurial and hard driving new team members to join us on our mission!

 Responsibilities:

 The Services Automation Engineering role at NowSecure is no ordinary AE role. We are trying to push mobile appsec testing to new heights through dynamic testing. We define Dynamic Application Security Testing (DAST) as: “fully exercising the compiled mobile binary, validating issues by interacting with the app on a real device, like an end user will.” In our use case, strive to write elastic automations that account for various device and connectivity states.

 The NowSecure AE role can be broken down into two primary states, automation and advancement.

 Automation:

 Writing automation scripts is the easy part. We can do this in our sleep. Getting them to work in various environmental conditions and making them reliable is the hard part. Roughly 80% of the time spent on writing automation scripts is used troubleshooting elasticity and reliability.

 Advancement:

 Advancement is where all the magic happens. The AEs are challenged to find sustainable ways to reduce human necessity and involvement around automation, both writing and maintaining. Below are a handful of topics AEs work on.

 Generalization of device states to improve automation reliability.
 Bypassing anti-automation features
 Advancement of open-source UI automation tools.
 Data population and analysis of automation reliability.
 Development of internal automation tools.


 Baseline Requirements:

 Because the AE role at NowSecure is unique and we are at the forefront of utilization, the baseline requirements for this role are not strictly defined. Below are some of the key items we think the ideal candidate would possess.

 Curiosity, desire to grow, and a drive to learn new things.
 An understanding of foundational software engineering concepts. Code efficiency, memory usage, data structures, and syntax.
 Intermediate knowledge of (Python, Swift, or JavaScript)
 Technical experience troubleshooting code and proactive problem solving.
 Experience working independently and meeting goals on-time.
 Ability to collaborate with multiple departments and individuals as needed.


 Bonus Experience:

 Have you made it this far? Bonus experience is exactly what it sounds like, the icing on the cake. What if you don’t have the experience listed below, but you feel you are the perfect person to be an AE? Tell us in a cover letter why your experiences make you an ideal candidate. If you were wondering, yes, we read your cover letters.

 UI Test Automation or Black Box Testing.
 Android or iOS app development.
 Familiarity with XCode’s XCUITest
 Experience sideloading apps.
 Familiarity with mobile app security, pentesting, or assessing vulnerabilities.
 Familiarity with Gitlab or Jira.


 What we offer:

 We are striving to save the world from unsafe mobile apps and we are striving to build an inclusive environment for all our employees. At NowSecure you will have the opportunity to be more than an automation engineer, you will have a voice in shaping the teams you work with, the company, and potentially the AppSec community itself.

 Below you will find some of the other great benefits NowSecure offers.

 Competitive Salary and incentive pay
 Equity
 Comprehensive Medical/Dental/Vision coverage
 Flexible spending accounts for Medical, Childcare and Transportation
 Company paid STD, LTD and Life
 401K Plan with Company Match
 Unlimited PTO


 Do you want to love where you work?
 Amazing Tech: NowSecure delivers the most advanced mobile app security testing technology on the planet designed by the world’s most advanced security researchers and top engineering talent.
 Top Customers: The world’s most skilled and demanding security teams depend on NowSecure.
 Great Team: Smart, driven people powered by craftsmanship, leadership and teamwork at the core.
 Get Things Done: At NowSecure, we move fast and with purpose to ensure our customers are always protected on mobile
 Do you want to love where you work?
 Amazing Tech: NowSecure delivers the most advanced mobile app security testing technology on the planet designed by the world’s most advanced security researchers and top engineering talent.
 Top Customers: The world’s most skilled and demanding security teams depend on NowSecure.
 Great Team: Smart, driven people powered by craftsmanship, leadership and teamwork at the core.
 Get Things Done: At NowSecure, we move fast and with purpose to ensure our customers are always protected on mobile.
 Department: Services
 Location: Remote
 FLSA Class: Exempt
 Supervision Exercised: None
 Travel Requirements: 10-20% for normal business needs
 Environmental Conditions
 Work Environment - Normal office environment and/or home office workspace. Generally similar environment when visiting Company’s customer offices.
 Strength Guidelines - Employee will be expected to lift, move and carry 10-15 lbs in the normal scope of work.
 Motion Parameters - Employee will be expected to sit for long periods of time with the option to stand or walk (stretch). Employee may need to bend or squat when picking up items from the floor. Employee must have ability to type on a computer keyboard.
 Vision and Hearing Requirements - Employee must be able to see a computer screen, read internal and external reports and summaries. There is a normal amount of background noise in the office environment. Employee must be able to see and hear video conferencing tools.
 Emotional Demands - Employee must be able to understand, react and respond to quick decisions, must be able to read and write with a high level of grammar skill including the ability to read, understand and interpret technical information and data. On occasion, employee may have to speak publicly in company meetings and/or company led presentations, training and seminars.
 Information Security Responsibilities

 Employee must follow all applicable policies in the Information Security Handbook, Master Information Security Policy and sub-policies, standards and procedures which are generally available to employee.
 Employee must maintain security of login credentials and information assets, and follow Data Classification policy regarding labelling and handling of Company data.
 Employee must report any security incidents pursuant to the Incident Response policy
 Employee must support information risk assessments, internal and external information security audit functions
 Employee must complete security training during on-boarding process as well as annually when arranged by the Company; and, maintain any certifications as required

 
UTFfxCrxUj



SMG (Service Management Group) is searching for a Software Engineer II who will use their technical expertise to help design, develop and maintain cutting edge SaaS products. We are looking for associates who love technology and are excited to use their skills to build interesting software!
 Skillset:

 Designs, develops, and maintains standard software components
 Participates in technical design and code reviews for all new enhancements and maintenance work delivered
 Understands standard business and functional requirements and produces technical specifications and product requirements
 Enforces standard coding best practices in development with limited guidance from senior software engineers
 Maintains and improves current knowledge on the latest technologies relevant to the role regarding algorithms, language, design methodology, third-party development tools, application platforms, hardware compatibility and operating systems
 Creates, maintains, and executes unit tests
 Creates and maintains documentation on internal architecture of the system 
Mentors and shares knowledge with the software engineering team on large and small-scale projects
 Performs other duties as assigned

 Candidate Requirements

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related field, or equivalent work experience.
 4 years’ experience in software development, design, and database operations 
Previous experience building cloud-based SaaS applications.
 Experience in building modern micro-service applications and a relevant technology stack.
 Strong technical skills, including architectural patterns and how/when to implement.
 Experience with Agile Software development techniques including Scrum and Kanban.
 Strong knowledge of formal Algorithmic analysis and design
 Fluent English

 Ideal Candidate Location: This is a Remote position. You can work from anywhere that allows a minimum of four hours of business working hours overlap with US Central time zone.
 
 
9z8Nw79axl



LATOKEN is a crypto exchange leading startup tokens market with 250+ primary placements and 1000+ assets. Our active users grew by 8x in 2021 to 3M+ accounts including 1.5M+ mobile with 30K+ 5 stars reviews. We have the top trust score in the global list of exchanges Coingecko (https://www.coingecko.com/en/exchanges) and are rated top 20 among 588 other exchanges.
We are building the next capital market - the “Amazon of Crypto” where it is easy to put an asset to the marketplace, discover, and buy or sell. In other words, we are opening the door for the next billion traders to the next million digital assets from cryptocurrencies to equity, commodity, and real estate markets.
We are doing this to unite the global population for humankind's prosperity. Those who own tradable assets benefit from the growth of the global market. Their brainpower and investment decisions focus planetary resources to build a better future. The more people will become stakeholders of the future, the better it will be.
This becomes possible today as blockchain tech solves the property rights problem without armies and political force. Thus people around the world can open an account as easily as in a social app and have their rights protected.
Our culture is for champions living to change the world and are free to overdeliver toward the mission. We are acknowledged by FORBES (https://www.forbes.com/sites/laurabegleybloom/2022/01/31/work-from-home-or-anywhere-top-30-companies-for-remote-jobs-in-2022/?sh=49e442127963) as one of the top 30 companies for remote jobs in 2022. We offer a generous stock options package, competitive pay, and stellar growth with the dawn of the web3 era.
Here is our backlog (https://sharing.clickup.com/b/h/6akqk-11445/febd53f0c90fb05) and a full list (https://t.me/LATOKEN_hiring_bot?start=_breezy) of open jobs.

Mission: сreate a highly automated, seamless, and engaging platform to enrich newcomers with all the required initial information to ensure optimal performance in the least time-consuming manner.
Main performance number: Number of new features added Second performance number: Number of bugs reported Third performance number: Onboarding platform average score  Functions:

Platform Ops manual: Develop tutorials with checklists, roles' video descriptions, and other features on the Platform.
 Onboarding tests: Develop a test-generation process for units in sync with their OKRs and checklists. Make the test user-friendly and seamless for both candidates and employees on the Platform.
 Automate contracts: Automatization of all hiring-related contracting processes (sending, signing, etc.).
 Feedback: Create a feedback system to continually improve the platform. Collect and analyze requirements for the LATOKEN Operations management system's onboarding section, implement new features based on priorities passed down by the Product Manager.
 Low latency: Streamline, Optimize, Speed-up (SOS) our internal modules. Average query execution latency must be less than 0.5s.
 Code Review and Maintainance: Proactively hunt business-logic errors, code errors, and other vulnerabilities within the code. Maintain Corporate Operations system, timely fix issues reported.


 Requirement skills and experience:
Critical skills:

Python, JS, Django, Django Rest Framework, Celery, React, Redux, HTML5, SCSS, SASS, Git, Problem-solving skills

Not critical skills:

Typescript, Docker, SQL (Postgresql)
 Skill to learn new libraries in a short period of time Year of experience: >= 2 years Proficient level: >= Middle


 Reward:

We give proof that a teammate's life made an impact - LATOKEN share in Nasdaq index and millions in your pockets from vested options.
 Breakthrough technology and Product - Market - Timing Fit.
 Worldwide multibillion users market.
 2x traders growth CAGR and 4.7 Google play rating.
 Multibillion worldwide market.
 Join us to build the first digital exchange wallet with a billion users.





   Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise.
  


    Let’s talk about the team and you:
  


    The Provider Experience team is focused on improving patient outcomes and delighting our customers. We support customer workflows, access to patient management and clinical data, support patient engagement, and offer both UI and API based solutions backed by cloud-native microservices. The team works across virtually all functions in the company. We focus on complete, end-to-end ownership of the software development lifecycle.
  


 This role is open to remote candidates within the United States in Pacific Standard Time Zone.



    Who we are looking for:
  

    At ResMed we focus on capability and passion. We’re looking for an Associate Software Engineer to work with a talented development team in our Digital Health product development group. The ideal candidate will be a smart, motivated individual seeking an opportunity to work on large scale / high volume cloud native applications writing code that is optimized for high performance, high availability, and scalability.
  


    Let's talk about Responsibilities:
  



      Build best-in-class, cloud native applications that are reliable, scalable, and simple to use
    


      Collaborate day to day with a small team of software developers
    


      Pair with senior developers to design software solutions
    


      Increase technical skills and awareness of technical improvements
    


      Other tasks and responsibilities as assigned
    



    Let's talk about Qualifications and Experience:
  



      Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or related field
    


      Minimum of 1 year of professional software development experience; equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered
    


      Must be able to code in Java
    


      Experience with Spring, Spring Boot
    


      An understanding of design patterns and algorithms
    


      Experience working within an Agile software development process, particularly Scrum
    



    Desirable:
  



      Experience developing on and deploying to AWS or other cloud providers.
    


      Experience with test driven development (TDD), continuous integration and knowledge of behavior driven development (BDD)
    


      Experience with Hibernate and relational databases
    


      Familiarity with NoSql databases, Docker
    


      Familiarity with Git
    


      Good problem-solving and analytical skills
    



    #LI-BV1
  

    #LI-remote
  


    Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!
  





About SugarCRM



 From the very beginning, SugarCRM had a unique vision: to offer a different kind of Customer Relationship Management (CRM). We pioneered the first commercial open-source CRM platform, and now, more than two decades later, are on a mission to provide products and services that make the hard things easier for sales, marketing and customer service teams. In fact, we help mid-market businesses around the globe reach new levels of performance and predictability by letting our award-winning CRM platform do the work.
  



    Our diverse group of worldwide employees are united and driven by a shared passion for our mission, culture, and values. We treat our employees like humans not line items and are building a culture where your work at Sugar helps fuel personal, professional and business growth – check out our recent ‘Great Place to Work’ certification that we are so proud of. Work/life fit and flexibility for our team matters and together we pride ourselves on solving for our customers, always. What’s more, we empower everyone to do their best work from home, the office, on the road, or anywhere in between.
  



    If you're ready to grow your career and help organizations grow better and faster, you've come to the right place. Find out more about our SugarCRM careers and how you can become a part of our journey.
  


 Where do you fit?



 We are looking for curious, highly motivated Software Engineers to create the next generation of SugarCRM software products and tools. In this role you will be a member of a Scrum Team working as a full-stack engineer utilizing modern technologies to develop both front end and back end components for various products with a strong emphasis on reliable, maintainable, and scalable solutions that run in high volume, high availability environments. To be successful in this role you must be independent, and be a quick learner with a can-do attitude and a willingness to work with new and emerging technologies. You will have stellar project organization and communication skills, a strong desire to collaborate with your peers, and work well in cross-functional teams.
  
 Impact you will make in the role:

 Produce high-quality software on schedule
 Extend and optimize current software architecture
 Perform design and code reviews regularly
 Explore and evangelize new software design and architecture
 Challenge, mentor, and learn from your peers
 Experiment in order to continually improve processes and products

 Expertise you will bring in:

 2+ years of experience with enterprise software development and/or distributed SaaS systems
 2+ years of practical Object Oriented Programming
 2+ years of software programming for the web
 JavaScript experience is required
 2+ years of experience with emerging languages and technologies
 Experience with Angular.js, NodeJS, Golang, Kubernetes is a plus
 Experience with DevOps, AWS, and cloud services is a plus
 Experience with microservices, containers, and pipelines is a plus
 Ability to write unit tests required
 Experience with test automation is a plus
 Knowledge of, and experience with, creating and consuming RESTful APIs
 Knowledge of, and experience with, Advanced SQL and NoSQL data stores
 Experience in Agile software development methodologies
 Experience with Git, Jira, Jenkins and other agile tools a plus
 Excellent communication skills across a global cross-functional audience
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field, or 4+ years relevant work experience


 We understand that no candidate is perfectly qualified for any job. Experience comes in different forms; many skills are transferable; and passion goes a long way. Even more important than your resume is a clear demonstration of dedication, impact, and the ability to thrive in a fluid and collaborative environment. We want you to learn new things in this role, and we encourage you to apply if your experience is close to what we’re looking for. We also know that diversity of background and thought makes for better problem solving and more creative thinking, which is why we're dedicated to adding new perspectives to the team.




 Benefits and Perks:


    Beyond a stellar work environment, friendly people, and inspiring work, we have some sweet benefits and perks:
  



Excellent healthcare package for you and your family 
Savings and Investment – 401(k) match
Unlimited Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Health and Wellness Reimbursement Program 
Travel Discounts
Educational Resources - Career & Personal Development Program
We are a merit-based company - many opportunities to learn, excel and grow your career!



 #LI-Remote
  




QA Automation Engineer 






       *We are open to remote candidates and are not tied to the Austin/Brooklyn locations.
       
 We're rapidly growing and looking for super-curious, passionate, and driven individuals to join our team. Our people are our greatest asset and we're committed to creating an environment where we all thrive doing what we love.
       
 The QA Automation Engineer is responsible for ensuring that the platform is developed and evolved to our quality standards by working with our engineering and product teams. This individual will work closely with product managers and engineers to test platform features and evolve the company product lifecycle to build in quality at each phase.
      




       About Lasso
      

        Lasso is the first and only omni-channel platform for healthcare marketing and analytics, powering some of the largest pharmaceutical brands and media agencies in the US. We empower media planning, buying, and analytics teams with every tool they need to do their job, and do it well. By simplifying workflows that used to take days into seconds, integrating functionality that used to require multiple vendors into one, and providing faster and deeper insights than anyone in the industry, we are helping healthcare marketers cut their costs, move faster and drive measurable results – all within a single platform
      



        About the Team
      

        With exposure across functions, the product team and this position will interact with a diverse group of problem solvers, strategic thinkers, and thought leaders in the healthcare space. We are looking for people who are interested in pushing the quality envelope to ensure the success of every facet of the Lasso platform. If you want to expand your horizons and want to join one of the fastest growing technology companies in NYC/Austin, we’d love to hear from you.
      






About The Job: 




Write automated tests to incorporate into our regression suite
Perform manual testing on new features
Review user interfaces for consistency and functionality
Identify any potential problems that users might encounter
Identify, isolate, and track bugs throughout testing
Innovate testing practices / processes
Research new tools, technologies, and testing methodologies




Must Have: 




Some experience writing QA automation scripts/tests for regression testing
Working knowledge of SQL for testing purposes
Strong work history in QA and delivery management
Proficiency in breaking down software issues into understandable bugs that can be reproduced, root caused, and fixed
Excellent written communication skills with engineers and product managers
Experience operating within an agile development process


       Bonus points for:
      

Knowledge of the healthcare industry
Knowledge of digital media buying and/or hands-on experience with programmatic buying platforms
Bachelor’s degree or higher




Benefits: 




Competitive compensation package
Unlimited vacation
100% covered premiums on comprehensive health/dental/vision plans
12 weeks fully paid parental leave
Company sponsored learning and development
401k enrollment


       We’re proud to be an equal opportunities employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. POC, women, LGBTQIA+ candidates, and individuals with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply.
      



About Lasso 


     Lasso is the world's first and only omni-channel healthcare marketing and analytics platform that allows you to plan, activate, and measure your HCP and consumer-targeted campaigns across programmatic, email, social, and connected TV — all in one place.
    





Integrate Delivery is one of the leading providers of IT Services, Health informatics and Wellness services in the United States. - Come, join and be better with us!
We offer a competitive total compensation package and comprehensive benefits,
Software Engineer (JavaScript Typescript Node.js API)
Salt Lake City, Utha, Remote role 
***Immediate Interview***
We are looking for a senior Software Engineer with experience in JavaScript Typescript Node.js and API
Duties:

Requirements definition, prototyping, detailed design, coding, testing, deployment, and support of the day-to-day operation of production systems.
Responsible for implementing and/or integrating new products, processes, methodologies, frameworks, and technologies.
Codes, tests, debugs, and documents more-complex programs, and enhances existing programs to ensure that production systems continue to meet user needs.
Coordinates with the testing process through test review and analysis, test witnessing and certification of software.
Identifies and resolves system operating problems in order to provide business continuity.
Leads development of high level system architecture documents and detailed design specifications to serve as a guide for system/application development.

Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in computer science, programming, or other technical field.
Eight years of professional software development experience.
Expert in JavaScript, Typescript language
Experience building enterprise-scale backend REST services using an API-first paradigm
Hands-on experience building services with Node.js, Nest.js, GraphQL
Experience with API Security & Federated Identity Technology such as OAUTH 2.0, JWTs, Open ID Connect, UMA and SAML 2.0
Understanding of the design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, high-performing backends.
Experience in data modeling using Mongo Db, Cosmos Db
Experience with MS Azure is desired but not required.
Experience with continuous delivery, git, test automation and build\deploy systems

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $90.00 - $100.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance
Professional development assistance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Front-end development: 4 years (Preferred)
CSS HTML: 2 years (Preferred)
Typescript/Angular: 2 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 4 years (Preferred)
Node.js: 2 years (Preferred)
backend REST services using an API-first paradigm: 2 years (Preferred)
Software Engineer: 8 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Donnelley Financial Solutions (DFIN) is a leader in risk and compliance solutions, providing insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights to clients across the globe. We’re here to help you make smarter decisions with insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights at every stage of your business and investment lifecycles. As markets fluctuate, regulations evolve and technology advances, we’re there. And through it all, we deliver confidence with the right solutions in moments that matter.

Summary:
We are looking for technical team members at all levels who want to push themselves to deliver best in market SaaS solutions. We offer a challenging environment where you will have to grow, adapt and use your skills consistently. Our customers rely on us in the moments that matter. Engineering delivers on that promise.

You can read the bullets below. But they almost always look the same, right? Here is the deal – being a software engineer here at DFIN means helping us deliver SaaS software solutions for our customers that primarily work with the SEC or other global regulating bodies. This is a hands-on Software Developer in Test position that will be responsible for the testing and quality of multi-tiered applications. The candidate for this position will work in a demanding environment alongside development, Project Management, and Business partners, they will be responsible for design, development, and execution of test automation scripts for enterprise-class applications. The role will also include root cause analysis of defects finding, verification, and review of requirements and use-cases. The role promotes QA productivity through automation, tools, and other best practices.

Responsibilities:
Integrate as part of a growing automation Guild.
Refactor existing scripts to meet our framework standards.
Design and execute automated test cases to support our Global Applications based on functional requirements using software engineering and Quality best practices.
Ensure products meet or exceed the specified standards, acceptance criteria and end-user requirements.
Actively participate and contribute to defining test scope, coverage, and overall strategy for projects.
Participate in Agile ceremonies such as Standup, Backlog grooming and proving LOE.
Perform Positive/Negative/Integration/Regression/Automation/Browser Compatibility Tests with great focus on reporting.
Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
4+ years of working knowledge of at least one programming or scripting languages such as Java and ruby. (in that desired order).
Knowledge and experience working with Cucumber.
Preferred Qualifications:
Working knowledge in open-source automation frameworks with a strong focus on BDD, Page Object Model.
Proficiency in setting and integrating open-source automation frameworks such as Selenium.
Knowledge of continuous integration tools, such as Azure DevOps, source code version control system such as GitHub.
Experience Test management tools such as Azure DevOps and Atlassian suite.
Working knowledge of Agile methodologies.
Working knowledge in Docker, API’s and web services is a plus.

It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfinsolutions.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequest@dfinsolutions.com. #BI-Remote
Junior Developer 
Informing Designs, LLC is looking for a Junior Developer. We are searching for an inquisitive, dynamic, and creative problem solver who wants to join a team that supports a diverse range of clients. Do you get bored in a job that doesn't change? Does the thought that there can be more than one right answer or way to solve a problem excite you? Are you energized by the thought of working closely with seasoned professionals to design and maintain custom-built applications?
To be successful, you must have the initiative to dive in, manage competing priorities, navigate ambiguity, and be equally interested in leading and participating. You will be involved in the development of new solutions and support existing solutions.
Our ideal candidate is a recent graduate who is fascinated by how organizations function.Knowing one part of the business just isn't satisfying. You may not have any relevant work experience, but wherever you go, you play a key role in getting things more organized, systematic, and running smoothly. If you are the right candidate, you will have the opportunity to join a small and proficient team and influence the growth and development of the InformationDesigns organization.
This role has the potential to grow and evolve and can lead to leadership opportunities. We want this to be a core skill-building experience: allowing you to develop and grow in ways that benefitInforming Designs and any future employer.
At Informing Designs we strive toward meaningful work, work-life balance, and empowering every team member to be their best selves; we value flexibility, growth, diversity, and queso!
Informing Designs, LLC is an Austin, TX-based Claris FileMaker development company.
Responsibilities 

Actively participate in client meetings: notetaker and contributor
Maintain client confidentiality
Actively participate in internal meetings: contribute and collaborate
Provide attentive and engaging customer service and support
Timely responses and communications
Frontline client support: document, assess, address, and follow up
User account creation, management, and support of client applications
Create and maintain project documentation: informative, technical, and training
Maintain internal policy and procedure documentation
Manage release documentation and support files
Collaborate in the development of new solutions for clients
Continual learning of client applications and technology
Willingness to learn in a fast-paced environment
Accurately and consistently log billable and un-billable time on projects
Work from a noise and distraction-free environment during defined business hours
Workloads and times will vary from day to day, but most weeks should land around 40 hours
General Client Support Hours: 9:00 AM - 3:00 PM M-F
Existing high-speed internet access

Skillset 

Programming experience with at least one modern language or platform
Claris FileMaker, JSON, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS preferred, but not required
Ability to work collaboratively in teams to deliver to specifications and requirements
Ability to work toward and keep deadlines
Curiosity about how things work
Proficiency in verbal and written communications
Comfortable with multi-tasking
Seeks feedback and collaboration
Work best with guidance not micro-management

Position Information 

Location: Austin, TX area but will consider other locations based on the candidate
Salary Range: $50,000 - 65,000 Annually to be determined based on applicant experience and skillsets
Benefits eligibility at 90 days includes employer contribution to health insurance plan, 401(k) with company matching, and paid time off

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Pay: $50,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote



Who is Recruiting from Scratch:
 Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more. If you are a fit, the team will reach out to you about this role or any others that may be a fit for our clients. 





     About Our Client
    



      Our client is the first sleep fitness company. They design products at the forefront of sleep innovation. Our client's mission is to make people’s sleep count for more, using innovative technology, detailed design, and proven science and data to personalize and improve each night for everybody—changing the way people sleep forever and for the better. 
    


     Our client wants to fuel human potential through optimal sleep. In 2019, they launched our temperature-regulated smart bed, The Pod. They currently power the sleep of over 60,000 people every night. They have partnered with Barry’s as their Official Sleep Fitness Partner. Our client actively collaborates with Justin Medeiros, 2021 Crossfit Champion and Red Gerard, U.S. Snowboarding Olympic Gold-Medalist. GQ awarded our client the Fitness Reward in 2021, along with receiving the Men’s Health Sleep Award that same year. Our client is backed by leading Silicon Valley investors and recognized as one of the Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies In Consumer Electronics. 
    



About the Role: 
Our client is looking for an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to join their engineering team. The ideal candidate has practical experience with modern ML frameworks, is able to rapidly prototype ideas from the latest research, and has an extensive track record of shipping cutting-edge and impactful ML products. 


How you'll contribute: 

Design and implement machine learning based algorithms that determine a wide variety of biometrics (e.g. sleep stages, HRV), detect medical conditions, and programmatically optimize our users’ sleep. 
Collaborate with Product Managers and Data Scientists to identify opportunities to impact customers, and plan ML strategy. 
Orchestrate large scale machine learning data pipelines (experience with Prefect, Airlflow, Luigi, or similar framework will be helpful). 
Create batch jobs (SQL, pandas / Dask, Spark) that process large scale datasets-E.g. featurization, statistical analyses, extracting insights, etc. 
Create production services that serve ML predictions. 



What you'll need to succeed: 

5+ years of software engineering experience 
High standards for code quality-i.e. you apply principles of clean code and prioritize testing. 
4+ of experience working in Python 
Strong experience with Pytorch (or an equivalent deep learning framework), and a general ML toolkit: e.g. numpy, pandas, sklearn, xgboost, H20, etc. 
Experience creating low latency production ML systems. 
Masters Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or 4+ years functioning as a machine learning engineer. 


Nice to haves: 

Experience building casual models. 
Experience conducting A/B tests / randomized trials. 




      Why you’ll love our client
      


They are a tight-knit, passionate team that’s working to improve people’s lives by improving the way they sleep 



Leadership is committed to employees’ wellness and career development 



You’ll get a better night sleep every night 



Flexible, generous PTO 



100% employer contribution for medical/dental/vision insurance 








Base Salary Range: 180K-250K
   



Asraa Tech LLC is looking for a Automation Test Engineer to design, develop, execute test scripts in a C# .NET using Specflow (Selenium) in a custom test framework. In addition, this position ensures that the documentation of test results are complete and accurate. At this level, an SDET acts independently to determine methods and procedures on new or special assignments. Additionally, fully understand all concepts and applications of quality assurance testing and performs all of the regular functions commonly required in quality assurance testing. This is a long-term contract for one of our premier clients in Denver.
This is a W2 or 1099 only position - No third-party candidates. NO C2C
Candidates with experience in Java only will not be considered for this position.
How You Will Contribute:

Design and Develop Test Automation Scripts using C# and Specflow (Selenium) in a custom framework environment.
Work with the Application Team to determine best approaches to implement test automation on API’s, and UI’s.
As a Sr. Consultant you will be ensuring best coding practices with the automation test team.
Write, execute, and evaluate application tests using industry standard automated testing tools.
Collaborate the Off-Shore Team to drive manual and automated testing of the application.
Perform web service testing utilizing manual and automated methods.
Create scripts to compare and validate data results from testing.
Work with the team to understand how changes in the software product affect maintenance of automated tests.
Implement Process Improvement strategies
Work closely with the team to ensure issues/defects are dealt with in a timely manner.
Maintain well organized records of test results and generate reports from the automated test runs.
Ensure sufficient test coverage for all user stories.
Perform exploratory test execution.
Proven ability to lead innovating and implementing quality / testing techniques across multiple areas
Implement necessary test processes on projects, write test plans, procedures, scripts, and analyze test results.
Responsible for maintaining automated test scripts to meet software release deliverables, project testing requirements and other quality assurance considerations.
Knowledge of automation frameworks
Provide automation support for software deployments.
Work with off-shore team providing guidance
Accountable for all QA deliverables

What You Will Bring:

Significant experience in software development (C# and Selenium) for designing and developing Test Automation Scripts using C# in a custom framework environment.
Experience with RestSharp
Experience with Visual Studio.
Experience implementing Selenium Test automation.
Experience using SpecFlow is preferred.
C# .NET using Specflow (Selenium)
Experience in writing SQL Queries
Experience with Performance Testing Tools (JMeter)
Experience with Appium is a plus
CIS Degree Preferred but not required
5+ years’ experience working as part of an agile team
Collaboration skills to gather input and then experiment with available solutions to validate assumptions and feasibility.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to present information within a public setting.
Able to perform test execution on all types of tests; analyzes defects and failed test cases and able to determine root cause and manage the defects to closure

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $140,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

.NET: 5 years (Preferred)
Selenium: 5 years (Preferred)
Test automation: 5 years (Preferred)
SpecFlow: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Minimum Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
5+ years of experience in software development.
Experience with software development on mobile/embedded devices running Android and or Linux.
Solid understanding of C/C++/Java
Strong fundamentals in computer science regarding data structures, algorithms, multi-threaded programming etc.
Solid understanding of object-oriented analysis and design and experience working with design patterns to build modern systems
Experience with project tracking tools like Jira and source control systems like Perforce and Git.
Ability to work in a fast paced, team-oriented, test-driven collaborative and iterative programming environment

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $55.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Ability to commute/relocate:

Dallas, TX: Reliably commute or planning to relocate before starting work (Preferred)

Experience:

Embedded Software & Firmware Developers: 6 years (Preferred)
Embedded software: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: One location

What we're looking for:
We’re looking for a Web Developer fluent in HTML, CSS and Javascript to join our team. As a Web Developer you will work closely with designer and marketing teams on improving our existing website as well as help build new ones from ground up.
Responsibilities:
- Take full ownership over the website- Build websites and landing pages based on the designs.- Work closely with the designer, marketing team and project manager.
Qualifications:
- Fluent in Javascript, HTML & CSS- Expert knowledge in responsive layouts, compatibility and cross-browser issues- Excellent eye for details: you should be able to tell if the element is un-event, not aligned.- Excellent communication skills- Bonus if you have any experience with any E-Commerce platforms
About Us
Since 2018, Aperture Commerce has been in the business of making great products and selling them online with passion.We create inspiring, and captivating brands that deliver nothing less than an extraordinary experience for our customers.We sell millions of dollars per year online, and we just get started. We are still a young business with an aspiration to become a 9 figure company in the not-so-distant future.
How to Apply
For more details, please check our page:http://bit.ly/ApertureWebDeveloper
Submit your application here:http://bit.ly/applywebdeveloper
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $5.00 - $7.00 per hour
Benefits:

Paid time off
Parental leave

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Front-end development: 1 year (Required)
CSS: 1 year (Preferred)
Angular: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



We are looking for experienced Dynamics 365 Business Central / Dynamics NAV (Navision) Senior Software Developers. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available. Work Remotely or out of one of our east coast offices.
 Candidates should have extensive experience with implementation and customer support of Accounting, Distribution and Manufacturing software at U.S. based companies. They must be resourceful, knowledgeable, dedicated, energetic and professional. They should be able to deliver outstanding results, exceed expectations, meet deadlines, and ensure that our customers are extremely satisfied.
 We are a leading provider of turn-key business management software solutions and related services (www.abcsi.com). With very experienced, knowledgeable, dedicated, and professional consultants and software developers, and with a proven implementation methodology, we help our customers to increase productivity, efficiency, market share, customer satisfaction, sales, and profits.
 Details about our offerings can be found here: https://conta.cc/3j6bv8n. With offices in New York, New Jersey, and Florida, we provide implementation and customer support services to small and midsize companies in the United States. As a Microsoft Authorized Business Partner we implement state-of-the-art business software, and are committed to Quality, Service and Customer Satisfaction.
 Key Responsibilities

Participate in ERP Software implementation projects for new and current customers.
You will be in charge of customizing the software as per each customer’s requirements. Responsibilities include writing specifications, programming, testing, consulting, analysis, data conversion, processing upgrades and providing customer support.
Analyze and document business requirements, and conduct fit gap analysis studies.
Work in a dynamic, challenging, and fast paced environment.
Work well as part of the implementation team dedicated to delivering quality results on time and within budget, and exceed customers’ expectations.

Requirements

Strong presentation, communication, administration, and interpersonal skills.
Minimum of three years of Microsoft Dynamics Software Development Experience.
Strong understanding of ERP software and related terminology, functionality, best practices, processes, and business rules. Including areas such as Inventory & Warehouse Management, Costing, Financials, Manufacturing, Service, Purchasing, Sales, CRM, and Fixed Assets.
Must be dedicated, ethical, organized, professional, and a true team player.
Applicants must possess a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree.
Must be a United States citizen or permanent resident (green card holder).
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.
Experience with SSRS, SQL Server, Office 365, SharePoint, EDI, Azure, and Power BI is a big plus.
Accounting background with a solid grasp of general accounting principles is required.
Candidate needs to be a self-starter and should be able to work independently for the majority of their tasks with little help/guidance from their manager.
Occasional travel may be required.




Very Competitive Salary and Bonuses. Health & Dental Insurance. 401K with Company Contributions. Pleasant and Professional Work Environment. Outstanding Growth Opportunities. Competitive Hourly Rates for Subcontractors. Full Time, Part Time & Subcontract positions are available.
 We are an equal opportunity employer. No Recruiters Please.
 All resumes must be in PDF format.



Looking for a SRE (Site Reliability Engineer) consultant with several years of experience helping clients grow the maturity of Site Reliability. They are looking for someone who can come in and help define their SRE strategy and mentor their new SRE and development teams. This SRE Consultant should be experienced with Python.  However, any type of scripting language is acceptable. Their performance tools used today are Dynatrace and Splunk - candidates need to be an expert using at least one.
Required Skills: 

Must have strong experience as a Site Reliability Engineer
Experience building out SRE teams and strategies
Strong scripting language experience (ideally Python)
Experience working with Dynatrace and/or Splunk
Experience working with configuration management tools (Gitlab)
Professional software development experience in building scalable applications.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of working in AWS environments & services
Familiarity with networking, security, and cloud engineering concepts
Experience supporting infrastructure for large multi-services applications.
Experience with Performance tools
Working knowledge of databases
Ability to develop and maintain environment documentation and support procedures
Knowledge of technology project and secure coding standards
SRE experience on the on-premise and cloud technologies
Experience with Terraform
Collaborate with partners to define and execute SRE vision.
Designed effective monitoring solutions to help identify and escalate systemic issues.
Experience with REST API's and webservice solutions is a distinct advantage.

Desired Skills: 

Any experience working as a Team Lead would be highly desired

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Site Reliability Engineer: 6 years (Preferred)
Python: 10 years (Preferred)
Dynatrace and/or Splunk: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +17322424642

Title: Junior Software Engineer (Contract)- Job# 3729Location: RemoteJob Description: Our client located in Boston is looking for a remote Junior Software Engineer to join their team. Software Engineer 1 will be responsible for writing code, writing tests, investigating, and fixing bugs. The position reports to the Lead Software Engineer and will be required to closely collaborate with colleagues within the Program as well as other internal and external stakeholders, to achieve success.Responsibilities

Writing code for small well-defined features, writing tests, investigating, and fixing bugs
Learning the team’s processes, values, principles, and practices. As well as learning about the different components and domains of the program
Communicating individual work, asking for guidance when necessary and confirming understanding of problems and/or next steps and follows up if necessary
Focused on achieving independency and effective collaboration
Focused on learning the systems the team owns and the business domains the team interacts with
Focused on growing as a software engineer
Focused on following the team’s values, principles, and practices

Required

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent
0- 2 years of professional software development experience
Demonstrated knowledge of statically typed (type-safe) and object-oriented languages such as C# or Java
Possesses a good understanding of web development
Demonstrated familiarity with agile software development
Ability to perform object-oriented programming
Demonstrated awareness of cyber security principles and practices
Able to bring tasks to completion within a designated time frame

About Delphi-USDelphi-US is a national recruiting firm based in Newport, Rhode Island. We specialize in IT, Engineering, and Professional Staffing services for organizations from Main Street to Wall Street. Our mission is simple: To connect great people to great companies. We accomplish this with a proprietary skill-based and cultural matching process that results in higher qualified submissions along with increased interviews and offer rates. You’ll find our team is friendly, professional, and ready to advocate on your behalf, armed with industry trends, and a dedication to client expectations.For immediate consideration, please contact: Rich BraunEVP Talentrbraun@delphi-us.com855-863-0464 x1001
Job Type: Contract



What is the position?


    Siemens Digital Industries Software is seeking a software development professional with experience in the development of CAE Applications to contribute to our Simcenter STAR-CCM+ meshing software. Simcenter STAR-CCM+ is a highly scalable, general purpose, multi-physics application that provides an end-to-end user experience with integrated CAD, meshing, physics modeling and in situ post processing tools.
  


 As a member of the Meshing team, you will be expected to create and improve serial and parallel meshing algorithms.
 We will help you achieve your goals by surrounding you with smart, engaged colleagues from around the world that generously share their time to help you learn STAR-CCM+, the discipline of creating high quality software, and improve your understanding of the fascinating and challenging problems our customers work with us to solve.
 The largest group of meshing developers work from the Austin, Texas office. However, we are open to work from many locations in the U.S. and Europe, with remote work a supported option




 What will you do?


     You will be expected to be a problem-solver delivering high-quality software that delights our customers, including:
   


 Working with product managers, application specialists, and fellow developers to understand the requirements of our present (and future) internal and external customers
 Designing and implementing software solutions in support of those customers in the area of meshing
 Testing and fixing code written by you (and sometimes others)
 Reviewing code written by other developers within your team
 Writing automated tests to ensure code reliability and prevent regressions





 What will you need to succeed?


     The following knowledge/skills, education, and experience are required for you to succeed in this role:
   


 PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Visualization or a related discipline. MS/BS degree with significant meshing experience also considered.
 Expertise in implementing cohesive, well-structured, object-oriented, C++ code
 Experience developing surface and volume meshing algorithms
 Experience with designing/implementing distributed memory parallel algorithms (I.e., mpi)
 Ability to work well in a team environment and independently
 Ability to effectively communicate complex technical issues to both colleagues and stakeholders outside of the team





 It is highly desirable that you also possess one or more of the following experiences:



 Developing software in a commercial environment
 Understanding of CAE software packages
 Developing CAE software
 Experience with octree-based meshing techniques
 Use of multi-team, collaborative software development including source control, collaborative design, and code review
 Knowledge of Agile software development
 Knowledge of Java and/or Javascript
 Knowledge of JSON file format creation and usage
 Experience with scripting languages like python or Linux shell scripting
 Knowledge of shared memory parallel computing (multi-threaded computing), e.g. OpenMP
 Developing software on both Linux and Windows
 Understanding of 3D-CAD modeling concepts such as NURBS and B-Splines
 Engineering simulation software experience
 Using meshing packages





 Why will you love working with us?



 You’ll be working with smart, engaged colleagues from around the world to solve our customers’ most challenging problems in a diverse array of applications
 You’ll have fun creating innovative solutions through your day-to-day work and focused innovation events, such as hackathons
 You’ll be exposed to and learn about fast evolving technologies, such as digital twin and machine learning
 You’ll have a voice in improving our products and processes
 You’ll have opportunities to learn, grow, and advance your career in a company that offers an expansive array of job opportunities
 We promote a healthy work-life balance and offer a competitive benefit/reward package, employee discounts, etc.





 At Siemens we are always challenging ourselves to build a better future. We need the most innovative and diverse Digital Minds to develop tomorrow’s reality. Find out more about the Digital world of Siemens here: www.siemens.com/careers/digitalminds

 Where permitted by applicable law, Siemens may require employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 based on job requirements, and in accordance with an accommodation based on legally protected reasons.



 #LI-PLM #LI-JB1
  
 Organization: Digital Industries
 Company: Siemens Industry Software Inc.
 Experience Level: Experienced Professional
 Job Type: Full-time
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.  EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.  Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.  California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.

Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the world’s financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than $5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.

The health and safety of our team is our top priority. As such, all employees working in the U.S. whose positions involve in-person interaction with other employees or third parties are required to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19. More details will be shared during the recruiting process.
This position is Remote First and requires proof of vaccination unless Blend grants you an exemption.

The Platform Products team helps to realize that vision by providing foundational products leveraged by other engineering teams to deliver those end-to-end experiences. We are responsible for functionality across Blend’s product lines for experiences like communication, e-sign, and authentication/authorization. We are core drivers of Blend’s migration to microservices and stewards of the long term architecture for the company.

The challenges we face are both highly technical and highly impactful, providing a lever for all of engineering to deliver value to our customers faster and better. We are looking for engineers who are passionate about distributed systems design, software architecture, scalability, and building intuitive products for their users. Our ideal candidate is a strong collaborator who is willing to work with feature development teams to understand their needs from the platform, to design solutions that fulfill their immediate needs but that also establish good patterns for the long-term scalability and maintainability of our products.
How You’ll Contribute:
Design and build distributed systems for long-term scalability and maintainability
Collaborate with feature development teams to understand their needs from the platform
Architect solutions that establish good patterns and fulfill development team needs
Monitor and support our production systems in an on-call rotation
Who You Are:
Experience working enterprise grade production systems
Excellent communication and leadership skills for collaborating with other teams
Solid experience and understanding of maintainable distributed systems
Ability and willingness to help others succeed and be productive
Bonus Points!
Experience working with TypeScript/Node.js, Go
Experience working with PostgreSQL, MongoDB
Experience with migration from monolith to microservices
Experience working on horizontal platform teams
Benefits and Perks:
Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan
Comprehensive health benefits
Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more
16 weeks of paid parental or personal leave
Generous vacation policy
Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID-19
Bi-weekly remote all hands

Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection for California Applicants

If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibility@blend.com.
WHO WE ARE
Tealium is the most trusted and world’s largest independent customer data platform. Tealium connects customer data – spanning web, mobile, offline, and IoT devices — so brands can connect with their customers. Tealium’s turnkey integration ecosystem supports more than 1,300 client-side and server-side vendors and technologies, empowering brands to create a unified, real-time customer data infrastructure.
Tealium’s customer data solutions encompass tag management, an API hub, a customer data platform with machine learning and AI, and data management solutions that make customer data more valuable, actionable, and secure. Tealium has been a trusted provider of customer data solutions for more than a decade, and more than 850 top businesses worldwide including Microsoft, Hyatt, Gap, HSBC and Novartis rely on Tealium to power their customer data strategies.
Team Tealium works and lives across the U.S. and in nearly 20 countries across the world. We are intentional about our culture, our investment in our team members and how we care and connect.
Tealium = Teal + Helium. Teal: a vibrant reflection that evokes authenticity, trustworthiness, reliability, open communication and clarity of thought. Helium: we rise above, a kinetic force that elevates our customers’ and our experiences beyond all others.
We win together with respect and appreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people who contribute to each of these.
*WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: *
The Mid-Level Java Software Engineer position will be responsible for designing and implementing software solutions aimed at solving real-time, customer data delivery challenges. Through seamless inbound and outbound connectors with major digital marketing vendors, Tealium's UDH allows our customers to take action on their visitors in real-time based on behavior. This lets them maximize the value from each visitor by creating personalized content and product offers, as well as highly targeted re-marketing campaigns.We are open to remote candidates.
*YOUR DAY TO DAY: *
Working closely with other software engineers, architects, operations engineers, and product managers. Participating in our Agile/SCRUM process. Creating designs to support short, iterative delivery cycles. Contributing to architectural design decisions. Participating in operational related discussions. Contributing to test plans. Conducting and participating in group code reviews, ensuring high-quality coding standards across the team. Designing maintainable, testable code with high test coverage requirements. Adding integration and acceptance test coverage to new features. Evaluating and investigating alternatives to existing solutions, proposing new designs and technologies.
*WHY YOU ARE THE PERFECT FIT: *
*BS, MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline.

3+ years Java development experience.
Strong knowledge of modern software engineering principles, patterns and best-practices
Understanding of micro-services architectures.
Experience designing and supporting high traffic, highly available systems.
Strong communication skills. The ability to effectively explain technical concepts to team members, architects and team leads.
Extensive experience deploying software to a cloud platform environment. AWS, GCP, and Azure
Understanding of modern Dev-Ops concepts. Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless, Terraform.
Experience with NoSQL, as well as relational data stores. DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, Mysql, RedshiftDB, Redis, Cassandra, Snowflake, etc.
Experience with distributed messaging and streaming technologies, RabbitMQ, Kinesis, Kafka.
Some exposure to Hadoop, Hive, Spark, PrestoDB.
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision.

At Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary:

Tealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at Tealium
Mosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countries
Tealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annually
Tealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environment
Tealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants
Tealium Time, unlimited paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidays
Healium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellness
Healium Be-Well Break, an annual all-company paid shutdown to provide a true break for us all
Tealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programs
Health and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programs

Collectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences, heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form the mosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.
The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity.
#LI-Remote

Offerings vary by level and location.

Job Type: Full-time

Position DescriptionA major banking client is looking to establish a Site Reliability Engineering team. They are establishing SRE as their first step towards embracing a “shift left” initiative to identify issues prior to occurrence.
Your future duties and responsibilities

Ensures a holistic view is taken of our system applications’ overall health
Solves complex problems relating to mission critical services and creates solutions to prevent problem recurrence
Proactively identifies opportunities to improve the company’s engineering tools, systems and procedures
Designs and deploys applications and enhancements to improve reliability, scalability, latency, and efficiency
Tests installed software for malfunction detection
Identifies and resolves business systems issues
Measures effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems
Develops and implements strategies to improve systems
Monitors and tests system performance
Oversees the training of junior engineers to improve job skills and work efficiency
Typically has full ownership of a process
May act as a procedural expert

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

10+ years of IT industry experience
Ability to collaborate with programmers, developers, and other technology professionals to achieve a common objective
Ability to conduct system analysis to detect issues with performance
Ability to develop and implement technology solutions to resolve technical challenges
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Knowledge of software testing techniques, code optimization and software debugging
Strong communication, analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong executional capabilities
Thorough understanding of software structures, hardware, computing systems and how to integrate them.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

IT Industry: 10 years (Preferred)
Production Support: 2 years (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Contently is seeking a software engineer to play an integral role in the planning and growth of our platform. You’ll work with a lean but mighty team of engineers and product managers to solve some of our customer’s biggest content marketing problems. We’re looking for someone who's experienced and comfortable with a fast paced startup environment, which means you'll be given a significant ownership opportunity and will be required to be an organized self-starter. The engineering department at Contently is growth and ownership focused and is staffed by high-IQ and high-EQ collaborators.
What you'll do:

Design and implement components and features on both the client and server side of the tech stack
Develop with a focus on performance, maintainability, and understandability
Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams comprised of members from all across the company, who usually bring different perspectives to the group
Lead and help set best practices for productive software development
Participate in code reviews
Work closely with and mentor other engineers, providing guidance on best practices – especially regarding React and/or Ruby on Rails

Who you are:

5+ years of professional software development experience
Proficient in Javascript, React, Ruby, and Ruby On Rails
Object-oriented programming and design
Strong software engineering and architecture fundamentals
An entrepreneur in spirit and treat our tech ecosystem and company as truly your own
Curious and possess a passion for learning, growing, and stretching capabilities
Flexible, open-minded thinker who can function well in an Agile environment
You have an empathetic focus on users and customers, and a desire to win in the marketplace
Able to balance pragmatic delivery of value to the customer with smart engineering decisions that maximizes modularity and capacity our full tech ecosystem

About the Company
Contently powers the content marketing programs of the world’s most valuable brands through its complete content marketing solution: expert content strategy, an industry-leading content marketing platform, and the highest-rated creative network on earth.
Working at Contently means that you will be collaborating with extremely intelligent, creative, and diverse problem-solvers who love a good story and many laughs. Contently employees receive the best perks out there – great benefits including a 401k plan to Friday lunches and a flexible vacation policy.
Contently is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, national origin, ancestry, medical condition, disability, marital status, caregiver status, pregnancy, citizenship, age, military or veteran status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $115,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Ruby on Rails: 2 years (Required)
JavaScript: 2 years (Required)
Software development: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote









Location: Remote Latin American
Team: Customer Interactive Services
Work Type: Full Time



          Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “
          Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.
         


 Stack tecnológico:
         

           Angular 10+
         

           Rxjs
         

           Angular material 10+
         

           Ngrx 10+
         

           HTML
         

           CSS/SASS
         

           Javascript/Typescript
         

           Deseables/opcionales:
         

           Spring Boot
         

           backend for frontend
         

           Docker/Kubernetes
         

           Metodologías ágiles
         

           Clean Code
         

           Pruebas unitarias con JEST
         

           Funciones generales:
         


 Definir arquitecturas frontend eficientes y escalables. Implementar soluciones web con foco en performance, mejora continua y ajustados a los diseños entregados por el equipo UX/UI. Asegurar la calidad de sus desarrollos bajo los lineamientos establecidos por las áreas técnicas de arquitectura banco. Trabajar en conjunto con el Líder Técnico de la célula para proponer las mejores soluciones, participar activamente en las ceremonias del equipo.
         






          Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
         









Our Exciting Opportunity:
Software Engineer Cross-Functional Development, Location- Los Angeles
We’re looking for Cross-Functional Development Software Engineer at all experience levels to join the ANA and DEB teams at the Ericsson ONS organization’s Los Angeles office. The ONS organization is an Ericsson product acceleration unit that focuses on building 5G enablement and engagement technologies for end users as well as application and service providers.
You will be
Designing and developing Platform software and SDK for a distributed 5G enablement and engagement product for web scale solution providers
Ensure scalability, resiliency, and security of the product implementation
Apply most up-to-date techniques, architecture, and open-source solutions
Interact with Product and Architecture teams on understanding long-term vision and more immediate requirements
Work with product owners and Project Management to deliver product on time according to roadmap
To be successful in the role you must have
Passion for innovation and the “can do” attitude
BS or MS degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related area or equivalent experience
At least 3 years of distributed system design and implementation experience using a high-level programming language (Java preferred but also open to Python, C/C++, C#, and Golang)
Desire to code at least 80% of the time
Critical look at any technical solutions and technologies
Experience with public cloud environments and services (Azure preferred), VMs, Linux containers (Docker), Kubernetes
Adherence to automated test practices (mandatory unit test, code coverage)
Familiarity with Jira, GitLab, and CI/CD toolchain
Practiced and comfortable with Agile Software Development
Additional requirements for Senior positions
Minimum of 10 years of recent hands-on experience of developing, testing, bug-fixing, and tuning of modern web-based and mobile applications with the backend in Linux eco-system
Experience mentoring teams of 5+ less Senior Engineers
Advanced skills in Java and Java-based languages, Spring Boot
A good understanding on containerization, virtualization, and service orchestration
Experiences in microservice software architecture, design, and implementation
Familiarity with popular platform technologies including MongoDB, Redis, Kafka, Prometheus, etc.
Demonstrated experience translating business and technical requirements into comprehensive software design and architecture
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to efficiently explain ideas, designs, and concepts to other team members
Ability to show in-depth knowledge in areas of expertise, from frameworks to low-level implementation details. Being able to not only explain what technology to use, but also to explain how the given technology stack works
What´s in it for you?
Here at Ericsson, our culture is built on over a century of courageous decisions. With us, you will no longer be dreaming of what the future holds – you will be redefining it. You won’t develop for the status quo but will build what replaces it. Joining us is a way to move your career in any direction you want; with hundreds of career opportunities in locations all over the world, in a place where co-creation and collaboration are embedded into the walls. You will find yourself in a speak-up environment where empathy and humanness serve as cornerstones for how we work, and where work-life balance is a priority. Welcome to an inclusive, global company where your opportunity to make an impact is endless.
What happens once you apply?
To prepare yourself for next steps, please explore here: https://www.ericsson.com/en/careers/job-opportunities/hiring-process
Encouraging a diverse and inclusive organization is core to our values at Ericsson, that's why we nurture it in everything we do. We truly believe that by collaborating with people with different experiences we drive innovation, which is essential for our future growth. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply and realize their full potential as part of our Ericsson team. Ericsson is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, learn more. If you need assistance or to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.mana@ericsson.com
The health, safety and well-being of our employees is our priority. Successful applicants will be required to disclose their vaccination status prior to employment. Except for those positions designated as 100% remote, successful applicants who did not provide the required proof of vaccination will be required to test weekly and wear masks at all Ericsson and customer facilities. This includes employees with medical or religious exemptions with testing as an accommodation. Compliance with government and customer requirements regarding vaccination may preclude unvaccinated applicants from employment for a particular job.
DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees in this position. They are not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for this position, and you may be required to perform additional job tasks as assigned.
Primary country and city: United States (US) || United States : California : Los Angeles
Req ID: 663786



    At Density, we build one of the most advanced people sensing systems in the world. Density can tell you how many people are in any room in real-time, with very high degrees of accuracy, and without invading privacy. The result of distributing this platform is lower emissions, less waste, better access, safer buildings, and better designed cities. It is a long term pursuit and one we could use your help achieving.
   


 The Opportunity



 Thousands of Density sensors are currently deployed all over the world. In the next 18 months we expect to have 100,000 sensors deployed. These sensors will generate 100 million sensor events every day.
   


 As a QA Engineer -IoT, your role is to ensure quality from the beginning of the development process for the IoT team. You will work directly with the team to build and execute test strategies and plans. Your focus will be on releasing custom hardware, embedded Linux distributions, and embedded firmware.
   


 Why this role is important:



 With the size of our sensor fleet, it is imperative that each sensor runs the latest available feature set. Each sensor must be updated, observable and correctly executing our world class software. We need disciplined QA Engineers to participate in the design, implementation and testing of our next generation sensor technology as well as improve our current sensor technology.
   



In this role you will:

 Apply quality engineering standard methodologies to define a test strategy based on business requirements, architecture, and technical specifications. Consistently drive the quality and health of solutions with an appreciation of quality code and development processes. Create and implement testing methods, record results, and provide recommendations to improve quality. Build an automated test suite that supports component, communication, and functional validation. Perform and execute end-to-end validation of changes. Collaborate across teams to understand release level changes, requirements, and use cases to execute and improve test plans. Work with the hardware team to integrate and complete tests, as well as ensure quality integration of hardware, firmware, and software.







 The ideal candidate will have:

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent experience. 3+ years of hands-on experience with test case and test plan development. 3+ years of hands-on experience with test execution and management tools. 3+ years of software development experience. 3+ years of experience qualifying embedded Linux or IoT devices. 3+ years of experience with scripting and creating automated tests. 3+ years of focus on quality assurance, testing frameworks, and technologies. 3+ years of experience in testing Linux devices.





The icing on the cake:

 Experience working with sensors and embedded Linux Experience with an OTA system like IoT Jobs, Mender or Hawkbit An understanding of Linux system level interfaces such as: sysfs, procfs, dbus and posix APIs.





What we bring:

 A team hailing from places like Apple, LinkedIn, Stripe, Cisco Meraki, Hashi Corp, WeWork, NASA, & beyond. $227 million raised from investors like Kleiner Perkins, Founders Fund, and Upfront Ventures. A work environment full of fun, smart, talented, dedicated, and truly kind teammates. Our values are be humble, seek feedback, and always solve the fundamental problem. These values are hard to achieve but we aspire to them daily. Excellent benefits including medical, dental, vision, mental and reproductive health, 401K, equity, Flex Fridays, Remote Friendly, unlimited and mandatory PTO and more.





    If you don’t think you have all the experience listed, we still want you to apply. Density is looking for individuals who are ready to dive in and willing to learn. We’ll supply the support and tools for you to succeed.
   




Piper Companies is seeking a Software Architect for a world leading technology organization. The Software Architect will be responsible for the overall architecture of a go to market software and cloud based solution. An ideal candidate for the Software Architect will have earlier career experience as a software developer working into a software architecture role.

 Responsibilities for the Software Architect include: 

 Provide overall technical leadership and architectural guidance to multiple Agile teams
 Design and implement scalable architectural software and cloud based solutions 
 Write and provide clear documentation of the architecture 
 Research new technologies and make technology decisions

 
Requirements for the Software Architect include: 

 Proven software architecture experience architecting cloud native enterprise scalable solutions
 Previous professional java development experience and understanding of OO best practices
 Strong understanding of microservices architecture and data security best practices
 Experience with Azure or AWS 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering preferred or relevant work experience

 
Compensation of the Software Architect: $170,000 - $225,000 plus a comprehensive benefits package

 
 

 No relocation assistance, sponsorship, or C2C arrangements available

 
Keywords: Software Architect, Sr. Software Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Java Developer, Sr. Java Engineer, Sr. Full Stack Developer, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REACT, Angular, REST, Microservices, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Arlington, Virginia, Washington DC



Leaf Group is a house of brands, creating and cultivating digital-first companies in growing lifestyle categories: Fitness & Wellness (Well+Good, Livestrong.com); Home & Decor (Hunker, Society6, Deny Designs), and Art & Design (Saatchi Art, The Other Art Fair). Additionally, we have performance focused brands in key categories such as Travel, Pets, and DIY (OnlyInYourState, Cuteness, eHow). Our media and marketplace brands are authentic and authoritative, reaching a large and growing passionate audience.
We work in a fun, collaborative environment that is diverse, adventurous, and open-minded. We look for proactive, accountable people focused on continuous learning and growth to push themselves and our businesses forward. Check us out here.
We are looking for a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) who is meticulous, results-oriented, and a tenacious problem-solver to join our Media Engineering team. With over 100 million unique visitors per month, our success is based on the stability of our products’ performance, usability, and user experience. As part of our Media Engineering team, you will help provide the technical foundation to make this happen.
*You'll Report To: Manager, Engineering*A typical day as a Software Development Engineer in Test might include: 

Investigate reported problems, test bugs, and create and manage bug reports
Work closely with product management to define acceptance criteria
Write unit/integration tests for our front end websites and APIs/services
Develop test strategies, create test plans, and execute test cases manually and via automation
Research QA tools to improve our process and quality
Coach and mentor developers in testing best practices and strategies
Assist in writing documentation and creating diagrams to help define our platforms capabilities
Provide support during releases and during site outages

What You Have: 

Experience writing unit/integration tests for front end websites and APIs/services
3+ years experience in QA and testing within a web-based environment
2+ years experience in writing automated tests with tools like Selenium
Experience writing scripts in JavaScript
Familiar with Webdriver IO, Node.js, and MongoDB
Experience writing test plans, objective definitions, QA findings, and reporting
Experience with command line in a Unix environment
Experience with QA methodologies, tools, and approaches (black box, white box, and automation)
Strong documentation and test plan writing
Excellent verbal and written communication
Not afraid to wear multiple hats - no job being too small or too large
We're casual and informal but we work hard and work responsibly. Personal accountability goes a long way. We believe we are the change.

You'll be successful if you are a results-oriented, hardworking, ambitious, and driven self-starter.
*About us: *Leaf Group is among the 2022 & 2019 Built In LA Best Places To WorkAmong Comparably's 2021 Best Companies for Company Culture, Company Perks & Benefits, Company Compensation, Best CEO for Diversity, and Best CEO for WomeneHow is the 2019 & 2020 People's Choice and official Webby Winner for Social Video/How To-DIYOnlyInYourState is ranked the #3 Travel and Information Site (ComScore)Well+Good is the 2019 People's Choice winner of the Webby’s Award for Best Lifestyle BrandLeaf Group is among TalentDesk’s 2019 Best Companies To Work ForWell+Good is the 2018 winner of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Company AwardMyPlate is the 2018 winner of the Webby Award for Best DesignWinner of the 2017 Best Company for Diversity award ComparablyWe are a wholly owned subsidiary of Graham Holdings Company (NYSE: GHC), a storied diversified holding company
*For full-time permanent roles: *Competitive compensation and benefits packages (i.e., Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, 401K)Gender neutral family leavePaid-to-play vacation rewardsDiscretionary unlimited vacation timeEmployee discounts for Saatchi Art, Society6, and Deny Designs
*Process: *Step 1: A video/phone call with a member from our Hiring Team. In this call, we will cover the basics of the role and our company, and discuss a high level overview of your past experiences, goals, and interest in this role.Step 2: A call with your potential manager or someone from the hiring team to dive deeper into your experiences and goals.Step 3: If applicable, short assessment to help us see your skill sets as they relate to the role we have. We will review this in Step 1.Step 4: Depending on the role, interviews with key stakeholders from the role (could be 1 or up to 3) who will dive further into the role with you and answer any questions you may have.
Leaf Group is a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace that reflects our customers and the world we live in. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply for our roles. Leaf Group is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.
*Agency Disclosure: *If the Leaf Group Talent Acquisition department, or any current company employee, receives an unsolicited resume from a third party recruiting agency and Leaf Group does not have a signed Agency Agreement active, Leaf Group will not be deemed liable to pay a placement fee. The unsolicited resume will be considered a gift and can be considered for our recruitment efforts.
Job Type: Full-time

Location: Tread employees have the option to work remotely from anywhere in North America.
Who we areTread is a construction software company that is venture-backed, building the future of 4+ year technology that uses data and analytics to keep construction moving.
The team at Tread care about what we build, and about each other. We value open communication and respect each other's diverse opinions and ideas regardless of their title. As part of the team, you'll have full visibility and be encouraged to make a positive impact every day on our customer's pain points and enjoy seeing the results of your work. We work hard to create an environment where everyone can share their ideas because we know innovation happens with diverse perspectives.
You will have the opportunity to provide certainty and precision to the trillion dollar construction industry: a market that is currently underserved by technology. We’re building systems that can support entire cities across North America and the hundreds of thousands of contractors and subcontractors that work within them.
How we'll support you: 

Remote First. Opportunity to work from home.
Flexibility. We trust our team to get their work done.
Professional Development. $1,000 per year for every employee to focus on their learning & development, as well as developmental paid days off.
Equity. Each employee receives stock options so we can share in our success.
Benefits. Start from day one!
Health & Wellness Priority. Lunch & Learns, mental health coverage, & more.
Time Off. vacation, sick, & personal days.
Family Focus. Extended parental leave with top up and sick dependent days separate from your own.

About you: 

You have experience building and delivering scalable web applications
You can design APIs & understand security best practices
You are aware of the performance impact of your deliverables
You have experience with GraphQL, or the desire to learn it quicklyYou can accurately estimate your work within a Sprint, and deliver your commitments with high quality
You care about what you build, and about your team members

You'll make an impact by: 

Inspiring us with your ideas
Building and delivering high-quality features to the Tread platform, from MacBook to production
Collaborating with product management, UX, and Engineering to architect and design solutions
Writing unit, integration and end to end tests
Enforcing best practices around testing, automation, data migrationsIncorporating customer input to evolve product deliverables

Technologies we use: Golang, GraphQL, React, AWS, Docker, PostgreSQL, GitHub, Elixir
_Research shows that while men apply to jobs when they meet an average of 60% of the criteria, women and other marginalized folks tend to only apply when they check every box. Think you have what it takes, but not sure you check every box? Apply to the role anyways. We’d love to talk and determine together whether you could be a great fit!_
_We believe that diverse teams perform better and that fostering an inclusive work environment is a key part of growing a successful team. We welcome people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to working with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of the hiring process._
Job Type: Full-time

Cepoch (cepoch.com) has an urgent requirement for AWS DevOps Engineer.
Key Requirements: 

Ideal candidate would have, 5+ years of IT System administration adn DevOps experience.
4+ years of solid AWS DevOps and Cloud engineer experience must
Advanced AWS setup, configuration, and capabilities. (Digital Fortress, etc.)
Demonstrated experience with multi-region, multi-zone cloud configurations (beyond AWS standalone environments).
Solid expertise in data transformations, advanced cloud data lake architectures.
Experience with AI enabled processes e.g. Sagemaker a definite plus
Experience with high-availability applications and platforms (e.g. EOC Technologies, Solarwinds)

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $65.00 per hour
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

AWS DevOps: 4 years (Required)
System administration: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote




    Granicus is the leading provider of citizen engagement technologies and services for the public sector, bringing governments closer to the people they serve with the first-and-only Civic Engagement Platform. Granicus works with more than 5,500 government organizations and connects more than 280 million people in the largest Citizen Subscriber Network of its kind.
   


 We are looking for a 
    Front -end Web Developer to work on various web projects for our government customers. Web Developers work closely with broader project teams that include UX, Design, QA, Project Management, and Implementation resources to deliver new client websites and make modifications for existing customers that exceed their expectations. Deep knowledge of front-end web development, prioritization skills, attention to detail, versatility, and enthusiasm for client success are cornerstones for this role. 
   

    Candidates should bring a consultative approach and a "whatever it takes" attitude to ensure client success.
    




What You Will Do: 


 Responsible for CMS theme configuration and customization based on technical specification documents (Adobe XD, Figma)
 Responsible for styling of existing CMS widgets and creation of custom widget layouts using HTML and CSS
 Light image manipulation and optimization when required to produce responsive markup 
 Website quality assurance and accessibility checking – cross browser / device
 Code review with peers
 Follow defined development standards and maintain documentation
 Manage a backlog ensuring timely completion of tasks assigned to you 
 Work within project teams, adhering to strict timeframes and budgets
 Support implementation group peers (PM’s, design, UX) with technical questions – usually client initiated




 Who You Are: 


 At least 3 years of front-end web development experience
 Expertise creating / manipulating HTML 5, CSS 3, Mobile-First Responsive Design
 Proficiency with CSS pre-processors like SCSS 
 Ability to QA and debug front-end issues across browsers / devices
 Experience working in content management systems - open source or proprietary
 Experience using Adobe XD, Figma, Photoshop or similar software 
 Keen attention to detail and accuracy – in thinking and execution 
 Must be able to provide 2-3 examples of work


     Note: Candidates selected for interviews will be given a skills assessment task.
   



 Bonus Experience and Qualifications: 


 Understanding of web standards and accessibility
 Experience with JavaScript and/or JavaScript libraries or frameworks (e.g. jQuery, AngularJS, React, Vue)
 SaaS experience
 Local Government or non-profit website experience
 Excitement for managing multiple simultaneous tasks and projects in a fast-paced environment
 High learning velocity and enthusiasm for excellence
 Love of problem-solving and the ability to think outside the box




Security Requirement: Responsible for “Company” information security by appropriately preserving the Confidentiality, Integrity, and Availability (CIA) of “Company” information assets in accordance with the company's information security program.
   


 Granicus is subject to the Executive Order requiring employees of federal contractors to be fully vaccinated for COVID-19.



 Median salary range: $60-70K annual (starting rate may vary by experience and/or location).



 Granicus provides technology and services that empowers government organizations to create seamless digital experiences for the people they serve. By offering the industry’s leading cloud-based solutions for communications, content management, meeting and agenda management, and digital services to over 4,000 public sector organizations, Granicus helps turn government missions into quantifiable realities. Come see the impactful work we’ve done on communities across the country (and world!): https://granicus.com/success-stories/
   


 Benefits: At Granicus, we offer a competitive benefits package that allows employees to tailor benefits to their needs. Benefits listed below are for employees based in the U.S.
   

Flexible Time Off
Medical (includes an option that is paid 100% by Granicus!), Dental & Vision Insurance
401(k) plan with matching contribution
Tuition & Training Reimbursement
Paid Parental Leave
Employer-paid Short and Long Term Disability Insurance, Group Term Life Insurance and AD&D Insurance
Group legal coverage
Transit and/or parking supplement for office-based employees
Free snacks and drinks in our offices
And more!



 Granicus is committed to providing equal employment opportunities. All qualified applicants and employees will be considered for employment and advancement without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, physical or mental disability, age, genetic information, sexual or affectional orientation, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, familial status, military or veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law.




Full Stack Engineer
100% Remote
Full Stack Engineer to work in Durham, NC!
The Role
Fidelity is seeking a hardworking Full Stack Engineer to join a new team that is building responsive web applications. As a member of the team you’ll create and influence innovative solutions that meet not only functional, but also performance, scalability and reliability requirements. You will be expected to work as a member of a high functioning Scrum team to help drive the next generation user experience. You will also be encouraged to demonstrate end-to-end ownership of team commitments and look for ways for you to help team achieve its commitments beyond just finishing your own personal tasks.
The Expertise and Skills You Bring

Strong Java/J2EE (Version 11+) development working on enterprise level applications utilizing frameworks like Spring Boot and Hibernate JPA
Strong knowledge of API and REST WebServices development
Experience with angular, ngrx, rxjs or a similar framework like react is required
Ability to multi-task and stay organized in an energetic work environment while meeting work you're doing.
Experience with Agile development methodologies such as SCRUM
You have good verbal and written communication skills, are able to optimally communicate with other team members and build positive relationships
Understanding of Agile systems development techniques utilizing Continuous Integration (CI)/Continuous Deployment (CD)
Ability to mentor new and junior team members

COVID work policy
Safety is our top priority. Once we can be together in person with fewer safety measures, this role will be moved to our dynamic working approach. You’ll be spending some of your time onsite depending on the nature and needs of your role.
Dynamic Working – Post Pandemic
Our aim is to combine the best of working offsite with coming together in person. For most teams this means a consistent balance of working from home and office that supports the needs of your role, experience level, and working style.
Your success and growth is important to us, so you’ll want to enjoy the benefits of coming together in person – face to face learning and training, quality time with your manager and teammates, building your career network, making friends, and taking full advantage of cultural and social experiences Fidelity provides for you.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 8 years (Preferred)
Java/J2EE (Version 11+) development: 8 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +1 732 242 4642


  Overview: 
   At Khoros, our passion is to help the world’s best brands create customers for life. We build products we’re proud of, and we’re passionate about customer success. As part of the Vista Equity family, you’ll receive best in class development opportunities and the ability to work with customers like Samsung, HP, Sony and Visa.
 The Khoros engagement platform comprises Online Community, Social Media Management and Messaging products for digital customer service, digital support and social media marketing teams to listen, respond and act on customer conversations – creating deep relationships and fostering brand loyalty and advocacy.

    We’re looking to add a 
   Software Engineer
III to an already awesome engineering team. You will be responsible for building and maintaining SaaS applications in the digital media space. You will work in cross-functional teams and love delivering value to our customers through shipping code.
  


Responsibilities: 
  
BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related experience
 3+ years experience with Java or related programming language
 2+ years with front end tech including: HTML, javascript, CSS
 Experience building scalable infrastructure, REST interfaces, object oriented design and distributed systems
 Qualifications: 
  
BS/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related experience
 3+ years experience with Java or related programming language
 2+ years with front end tech including: HTML, javascript, CSS
 Experience building scalable infrastructure, REST interfaces, object oriented design and distributed systems


 Nice To Haves:

 Front end tech: ReactJS
 Open Source tech such as: ElasticSearch, Redis, MySQL
 Experience with AWS technologies (EC2, DynamoDB) or equivalent
 Understanding of CI/CD pipeline and related technologies (Git, Jenkins, Docker, Kube)
 Autonomous teams building interrelated microservices


 Some of our amazing benefits include:

 Competitive pay
 Annual merit and bonus plans
 Training and coaching
 Medical, vision, dental and life insurance
 401(k) with a company match
 Paid time off to volunteer
 Flexible time off and paid holidays
 Flexible hours and remote work
 Opportunities for advancement



 #LI-REMOTE
  
 The base salary range for this role is $117,000 - $123,000 with a 10% Bonus. Any offered salary is determined based on internal equity, internal salary ranges, market data/ranges, applicant’s skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications. Your actual pay will be based on your skills and experience — talk with your TA to learn more.


 At Khoros we encourage our employees to be real. In keeping with this philosophy, we appreciate diversity and welcome all qualified applicants regardless of race, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic information or criminal history.


 About Khoros


 The Khoros platform connects every facet of customer engagement, including digital contact centers, messaging, chat, online brand communities, CX analytics, and social media management so brands can listen, respond, and act on customer conversations- creating deep relationships and fostering brand loyalty and advocacy.
  


 Khoros offers a great working environment and competitive compensation and benefits packages. We're looking for fast-thinking, innovative, passionate team players who enjoy brainstorming new ideas, working with the best and brightest in the social media software industry.
  





   Our work matters. We help people get the medicine they need to feel better and live well. We do not lose sight of that. It fuels our passion and drives every decision we make.
  

    Job Posting Title
  
 Software Engineer Lead Remote
  
    Job Description
  


    The Software Engineer Lead IT is responsible for leading the design of technology solutions to ensure they meet all resiliency, stability, non-functional, functional and operational readiness use cases. This position is responsible for owning the technology solutions within their area, including proactive monitoring and alerting, technological roadmap and communication of overall health and future sustainability.
  


    Responsibilities
  

 Lead design to ensure the technology solutions meet all resiliency, stability, non-functional, functional and operational readiness use cases
 Lead ongoing development, maintenance and support of existing systems and platforms
 Manage work direction, lead, influence, and provide feedback to other team members
 Participate in staffing plans to identify subject matter experts (SMEs) and provide feedback for staff performance reviews
 Own technology solutions within area, including proactive monitoring and alerting, technological roadmap and communication of overall health and future sustainability
 Drive innovation & continuous improvement
 Other duties as assigned



    Minimum Qualifications
  

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related area of study, or equivalent combination of education and/or relevant work experience; High School Diploma or GED equivalent required
 5 years of experience with application development or package software implementation
 Ability to manage work direction and lead, influence, mentor, and provide feedback to others within team
 Must be eligible to work in the United States without need for work visa or residency sponsorship



    Additional Qualifications
  

 Established presenter of technical and non-technical material adapted to the respective audience
 Ability to transition abstract concepts into stable and supportable software solutions
 Ability to develop unbiased options and recommendations to technical problems and unbiased comparisons
 Strong problem-solving and analysis skills
 Strong traits of decisiveness and judgment
 Ability to drive innovation and be forward thinking
 Excellent documentation skills



    Preferred Qualifications
  

 Experience working in environment with regulatory compliance requirements (HIPAA, PCI, etc.)
 Previous experience working an in Agile/Product Delivery model
 Previous experience in PBM / health care industry
 Understanding of security implications of domain
 Comfortable leading and mentoring others



    Minimum Physical Job Requirements
  

 Ability to travel up to 5% of the time
 Ability to work a flexible schedule including weekends and shifts outside of Prime’s core business hours of 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. as needed for technical support and/or project needs
 Constantly required to sit, use hands to handle or feel, talk and hear
 Frequently required to reach with hands and arms
 Occasionally required to stand, walk and stoop, kneel, and crouch
 Occasionally required to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds
 Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus



    Reporting Structure
  

 Reports to a Manager in the Information Technology department



 Prime Therapeutics LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We encourage diverse candidates to apply and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.


Who We Are

Hungryroot is the all-in-one recipe and grocery service. We're here to help people feel their best and make grocery shopping, cooking, and enjoying healthy food easier than ever. So, we're creating the first-of-its-kind food experience that puts people (and the planet) first, built for busy lives and individual needs.

We are a distributed team built on top talent from over 10 states across the U.S. While we have an office in NYC, we support employees creating "offices" wherever they are. We believe in fostering team connection and collaboration across all of our "offices" - so don't expect to be online at 6 am to make a meeting if you're on the West coast. Expect to attend regular team building events, and to be able to work from the beach every once in a while. Expect to be treated like an owner who cares about our common goal, not someone who has to clock in and out of work.

What You'll Do

We're looking for an experienced, Lead Frontend Software Engineer who is excited to play an integral role in our rapidly growing Technology team. At Hungryroot, we experiment, iterate, learn, and repeat. Most importantly, we build things people love. As a member of the Technology team, you will be responsible for the development of the company's customer-facing site, including various integrations with our vendors/partners, as well as various internal tools necessary for our operations.

The ideal candidate is obsessed with delivering the best possible customer experience, values software engineering best practices, and knows how to make the right trade-off given different situations.

How You'll Make an Impact
Evaluate, design, and implement new features to provide the best user experience for our customers.
Build, improve and maintain our responsive eCommerce web app.
Independently work on features while collaborating with product managers and QA.
Why We Need You
8+ years of Software Engineering experience working on commercial web applications
3+ years of experience working on Frontend focused projects, ideally using JavaScript
Good understanding of the inner workings of browsers and web protocols
Perks & Benefits
Remote Work Optional: Work from home, work from our NYC office, work from anywhere, you decide!
Competitive compensation + comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits
Unlimited vacation policy
Monthly Hungryroot credit
Universal paid parental leave
401k
Commuter benefits
A working environment filled with passionate, happy, smart people!


#LI-REMOTE

Hungryroot is built on the values of being proactive, positive, and transparent in all that we do. Our mission to help make healthy eating easy, accessible, and joyful is better served by a diverse workplace.

We are a proud Equal Opportunity Employer committed to building an inclusive workplace. We have zero-tolerance for harassment or discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.

Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

 What we're looking for:
 Citrix Mission
 At Citrix, our Mission is to deliver an intelligent digital Citrix Workspace Experience that Empowers all Employees with Unified, Secure, and Reliable Access to all the Work Resources and Applications needed to be Productive and Do their Best Work – Anytime. Anywhere. Citrix provides Work Solutions for any Workspace Platforms and Seamless Integration Across all Apps. Citrix provides products and IT (Information Technology) solutions to collaborate work management, provides modern and consistent User experience across all devices and through application integration, workflow automation and our cloud-based technology and zero trust security, enabling our Clients and End Users with the best Enterprise Performance, Modernization, and Security!

 The World of Work is Constantly Changing and Evolving. At Citrix, we continued to Revolutionize and Build the Digital Workspace Technology that helps People and Organizations adapt to whatever comes next. Every day you'll have new opportunities to Grow and Innovate in ways that will make Work Better for Millions of People around the World. Citrix has been Ranked #11 on The Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology in 2021. Thousands of Organizations around the World Trust Citrix to keep their apps available, their data safe, and their people productive—wherever and whenever work happens.

 More than 400,000 Companies around the World, including 98 Percent of the Fortune 500, rely on Citrix Digital Workspace Solutions to provide secure, reliable access to the applications and information their employees need to engage and be productive, with over 100 Million Users Worldwide.

 What we are looking for

 You are Software Engineer that is well rounded in the practice of driving innovation and managing the entire software development application life cycle. You enrich teams with their ability to work on the current need: front-end development, back-end development, and anything in between. You are a self-driven, proactive, enthusiastic Software Engineer with a passion for technology and have a can-do attitude. You are a team player with strong written and verbal communication skills You're passionate about implementing functionality in incremental slices of value for the purpose of delighting the client’s and customers/end-users. Innovation, creativity, and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. Finally, you thrive in a collaborative environment and understand the power of a team over the individual. If this sounds like you, we would love to talk to you!

 Position Overview

 We are looking for a Software Engineer with a minumum of 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming Languages: C# Net and Java. Experienced in developing Backend-Services; Micro-Services, Rest API OR Web API. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a talented team of Software Professionals to create innovative cloud solutions. Responsibilities range from conceptualizing ideas, targeted research with rapid prototyping to determine feasibility, risk evaluation and then create well-thought-out software designs and implementation. You will work with the latest Virtualization and Cloud Platform/ Infrastructure, advancing towards the Citrix Vision of Consumer Driven access to Applications, Desktops and Cloud Computing.

 A passion for solving problems, can work in a collaborative and dynamic work environment to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest technologies. This Software Engineering Team Culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the innovation, dynamism, and vibrancy of a startup. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a very talented team of software professionals to create innovative cloud solutions.

 Role Responsibilities

 Collaborate with Product Managers, Product Design, DevOps, and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment.
 Full stack development; implement front-end and back-end business logic for new features.
 This role will be heavily leaning Back-end technologies, with about 80% work done with Backend Development.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your EndUsers.
 Help to design, build and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise performance, modernization, and security.
 Working as a part of an Agile software development teams.
 Compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents.
 Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking while incorporating different end user personas.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your End-Users.
 Help to design, build, and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise Cloud performance, modernization, and security.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards.


 Basic Qualifications

 Bachelors or Master’s degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred degree in Computer Science.
 Minimum 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming language with C# and Net Technologies.
 Demonstrated work experience developing Backend-Services; Micro-services or Cloud Services or Rest API and Web API.
 Fundamental understanding with Cloud Computing platforms; Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS. .
 Demonstrated experience in writing clean code in large codebases.
 Strong fundamental understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals; Algorithms, Data Structures.
 Embrace and implement Agile Development Framework and Methodologies.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with Frontend Technologies; JavaScript, Angular or React is good to have.
 Performance-drive, multi-tenant application development is good to have.
 Experience working in a development environment that uses CI/CD is good to have.
 Experience with databases preferably SQL or NoSQL.


 Candidates should preferably be

 Willing to work on diverse products and projects, each requiring different technologies, methodologies and approaches.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing. You will also receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures.
 Familiar with cloud computing technologies such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS.


 Personal Qualities we look for

 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Self-motivated individuals, with a strong desire to learn and develop.
 Can handle ambiguity well, has a growth mindset and is a team player with a passion for technology.
 A can-do positive, pro-active attitude.


 Why Work for Citrix

 Come and work with one of the most Innovative and Forward-Thinking Technology Companies on Planet Earth! You will get to work alongside some of the Brightest, Most Talented, and Passionate People in the World. As a member of team, you'll be uniquely and strategically positioned to work on cool and exciting projects that will have a direct impact for our Customers in numerous Industries, well into the Future!

 At Citrix, we want to help set you up for a successful career with us. We support Ideation, Experimentation, Innovation and Collaboration to Build Innovative IT Products and Solutions. We’re obsessed about making our Customers and End Users Happy. We are an Innovative Engine for our Colleagues, Communities, Customers and End-Users in the Digital Marketplace!

 Citrix's Pillars of Core Values are Integrity, Respect, Curiosity, Courage and Unity. The Work at Citrix is exhilarating, and that’s what makes it a whole lot of fun!
 Apply Today!

 Functional Area:

 Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.

 Citrix Systems, Inc. is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, marital status, protected veteran status and other protected classifications.

 Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.


Front Office Solutions is looking for a well-rounded software engineer for a variety of development roles which will provide data for a data management function within a portfolio analysis framework. Candidate will have over 7+ years of development with active hands on development roles on medium scale production deployments of front and back ends.
Active use of Agile or Work In Progress development with CI/CD deployments is required. Candidate must be able to give examples of independent, solutions based working approaches.
OrganizationalProven ability to work independently and effectively on a small development teamProven ability to work towards driving decisions in an environment with incomplete, or uncertain information.Exceptional time organization skillsProven ability to work in a rapidly changing environmentProven ability raising relevant issues and helping provide firm basis, options, pro/com for resolution.Proven ability to work in an iterative development environmentProven ability working closely with other developersProven ability to be self-sufficient in solving problemsProven ability using networking to analyze, compare and implement solutions.Qualifications:SkillsDataProven ability of simplifying design through data simplicity.Solid knowledge of database implementations (Data Vault, SQL server, MongoDB, Data Warehouse)Detailed working knowledge of SQL on Snowflake, AWS RDSInterfacingWorking knowledge of API designWorking knowledge of using REST APIsWorking knowledge of generating a json structures.Working knowledge of aggregation with overlapping time series is a plusWorking knowledge of nested aggregation structuresArchitectureProven working experience with API design working closely business analystsWorking knowledge of web applications using RestAPI.Message Driven DesignDomain Driven DesignSoftware OperationsStrong knowledge of CI/CD deployment pipelinesProven ability with independent server-side architecture design, implementation and deployment.Proven ability with long term server design, deployment and supportVendor usageDetailed working knowledge of AWS Lambda, APIGateway, SAM templatesKnowledge of API deployment strategies (EC2, Lambda)LanguagesStrong knowledge of Node JS, Typescript server side.Proven capability of deploying production server code with multiple languages (Java, C++, Python, Scala, etc).OtherUnderlying interest or experience with financial portfolios is a must.Proven curiosity and creativity in examples of problem solving.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $195,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 7 years (Required)
SQL: 7 years (Required)
JSON: 5 years (Required)
APIs: 5 years (Required)
AWS: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

*Contract to full time position*
Quantified Design Solutions, LLC is looking for a highly motivated and skilled software developer to support the growth of training platforms that spans Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, and mobile training. The Quantified Design team develops integrated training suites across a wide array of domains, ranging from military and medical training to aircraft cabin crew training and this position will serve as a key team member from product expansions and new product development.
Quantified Design is an advanced technology Research and Development subsidiary for Newton Design, a world leader in aircraft cabin simulators and military training platforms. Quantified Design develops computer-based, game based, and extended reality training systems to compliment the platforms developed by Newton Design and expands the training portfolio to defense and medical training applications. Quantified Design’s team has over 20 years of experience conducting research to optimize training systems and applies that experience to optimize training for learners, instructors, and maintainers.
This position will support the development and expansion of core products in Quantified Design's product line as well as complete cutting edge R&D for new software development effort. To be successful in this position, knowledge and experience developing in Unity with target platforms of Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, and mobile solutions are critical. The position is full time and requires limited travel for demos and integration with the physical training platforms.
Under this position, you will support the development of small-scale proof-of-concept prototypes as well as support the expansion of our current VR maintenance and proceduran training suites.
Our team is a high energy, innovative and creative group who provide real training solutions that are used by leading airlines, commercial clients, and US government customers. We are focused on building a mobile/VR training platform that meets the level of quality and training value expected from Fortune 500 customers. We are looking for a new team member who is versatile and interested in developing training systems that are engaging and make a real impact for high visibility clients.
Required: 

Background in Computer Science / Software development demonstrated through BS (or higher) degree in CS related discipline or equivalent professional experience (6+ years)
Candidates selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information
Experienced creating games and/or immersive training within Unity 3D.
Ability to develop Augmented / Virtual reality applications for mobile, VR (Vive and Oculus Quest ), and AR (hololens and/or magic leap).
Android / iOS development experience.
Strong understanding of object-oriented programming, data structures and algorithms.
Proficiency in C, C++, Objective C, Java, Python or similar.
Passion for learning new techniques and technologies.
Ability to write clean code and code documentation.
Experience tracking and exporting performance data.
Ability to effectively organize, plan, prioritize, and execute projects.
Ability to collaborate with a distributed team.
Comfortable working within an Agile software design and development environment.

Optional (and Preferred; please note experience with these in resume): 

Experience developing training simulations or serious games
Experience outputting performance data to Learning Management Systems or Performance Tracking Databases
Experience with other game development tools and technologies.
Experience with gamification, digital content distribution, and multi-user systems.
Experience with game server integration
Experience working with hardware integration (e.g. sensors)
Experience with database integration (SQL and NoSQL)

Please be prepared to provide a portfolio of projects that best represent your capabilities and interests. Include links to your GitHub, blog and/or website.
Job Type:  Full time contract with the potential to transisiton to full time salaried in 6 months
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: Up to $74,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

This posted position is for a full time software development position. If available sooner, would you be interesetd in a contract software development position as well? (yes/no)

Experience:

AR/VR development: 2 years (Required)
Unity: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Description 
UPMC Application Engineering group is seeking a talented services developer for our Salesforce team. The Intermediate Software Engineer candidate ideally has 2 - 4 years of full product lifecycle experience. This role is 100% remote!
Responsibilities

Software Development Life Cycle - Show fundamental knowledge of Agile software development life cycle.
Communication - Responsible for demonstrating appropriate, clear, concise, and effective written and oral communications in all interactions to build relationships and accomplish day to day work and projects.
Technical Design - Follow established technical design patterns and has awareness of their purpose and implementation. Responsible for individual components of design.
Documentation - Create and contribute to basic technical documentation.
Integration - Responsible for less complex components of integration within a module.
Interactions with Others - Successfully completes projects, tasks, and initiatives by embracing a team-first approach. Works in collaboration with team and offers feedback, where appropriate, to complete individual and group efforts. Shows the ability to adjust and be flexible to change by adapting approach when necessary. Mentors less experienced staff.
Project Management - Has ownership in success of projects. Responsible for estimating and delivering on individual task within a project.
Quality - Follow established coding standards. Submit code for review and deliver quality, unit test code.
Security - Show fundamental knowledge and the ability to learn secure coding processes and writing, accessing, and following established security protocols.
Continuous Learner - Responsible for continuous self-study, trainings, partnering with more senior members of team, and/or seeking out opportunities to broaden scope to stay up to date with industry and organizational trends. Seeks feedback from senior team members for development and effectively incorporates feedback into work and behaviors.
Software Solutions - Develop, validate and implement software solutions based on customer requirements, Enterprise architecture standards and defined project designs.
Troubleshooting - Show the ability to resolve basic issues and offer input on issue resolution. Appn.


Qualifications 

Typically has 2+ years of related work experience.
Experience with complex development environments, taking abstract concepts and ideas and formulating a detailed software deliverable 
Experience in developing on cross-functional systems
Deep knowledge of programming
Basic understanding of the SDLC
Highly driven and self-motivated to exceed expectations
Ability to work independently and in a team based environment 
Proficient in both oral and written communication

Strong Preferences:

Methodology

Agile / SCRUM
Functional Requirements Gathering and Analysis

Skills and Technologies

Informatica PowerCenter**
SSIS
Microsoft C# 
Web Services 
      
Web API
WCF/RPC

SQL** 
      
TSQL
DB2 SQL
PL SQL

Entity Framework
REST
Unit Test Development/Test Driven Development **
Azure Cloud Services
Communications written and oral

Platform and Tools

Informatica PowerCenter
SQL Server
SSIS
Salesforce
Visual Studio 2015 - 2019 / Visual Studio Code
Azure DevOps (Visual Studio Team Services)
Git Version Control 
IIS
HTTP/S
Azure



Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:

Act 34

UPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran

TTM Technologies – Publicly Traded US Company, NASDAQ (TTMI) – Top-5 Global Printed Circuit Board Manufacturer
Come join an innovative team making a difference to our customers and partners in the Aerospace & Defense, Automotive, Computing, Industrial & Instrumentation, Networking & Communications, and Medical industries. TTM Technologies, Inc. is a leading global printed circuit board manufacturer, focusing on quick-turn and volume production of technologically advanced PCBs, backplane assemblies and electro-mechanical solutions as well as a global designer and manufacturer of high-frequency radio frequency (RF) and microwave components and assemblies. We strive for an environment of excellence where you are encouraged to think creatively and innovatively to develop a professional future centered on growth and opportunity.
We are passionate about growing our business and place a high priority on teamwork, communication and collaboration! If you can see yourself as an integral part of the TTM team, then explore our career opportunities and apply today!
Position Scope:
As part of our global team of developers you will partner with internal customers and business analysts to design and build a full range of Oracle objects.
Duties and Responsibilities:
Act as a leading part of a five year implementation project bringing Oracle EBS suite to numerous locations throughout the US and abroad
Mentor junior team members
Work in a fast paced environment
Participate in team meetings some outside of business hours in addition to periodic go live activities on the weekends
Some travel may be necessary

Essential Knowledge and Skills:
A solid grasp of Oracle R12.2 EBS suite concepts and familiarity with multiple modules.
Excellent written and verbal skills.
Understand the Software Development Life Cycle (SLDC)
Ability to plan, accurately estimate, and unit test your code
Ability to quickly switch between software projects while waiting for others to collaborate
Familiar with Agile and Waterfall project development styles
Consistently write well documented, scalable, and maintainable code
Familiar with Toad, SQL Developer or other SQL Tools
Fluent in Oracle reports/Forms builder, Workflow, and OAF development tools
Fluent in Oracle PL/SQL
Mastery of at least 3 R12 Modules including, but not limited to AR, AP, GL, OM, INV, MFG, BOM, WIP
Oracle EBS Release 12.1.3 or above
Education and Experience:
Four year degree in Computer Science or related degree
Eight years of industry experience with a strong emphasis on Oracle
Advanced Technical Degree preferred
Oracle EBS Release 12.2. Bonus for 12.2.5 experience preferred
Some Java experience
Well versed in the functional side of multiple Oracle modules, not just the data model preferred

Total Rewards Information
At TTM you will be joining a team that spans across nearly 20 facilities in North America that are bringing game-changing electronics to the market. As a teammate we are dedicated to providing opportunities that help you excel and reach your potential, so join us in our commitment to excellence and be part of the team that is Building the Future.
Listed below are some of the many benefits that TTM offers our teammates. Benefits are available on the first of the month following date of hire based on plan eligibility.
Wellness
Medical, Dental, Vision, including Telehealth support
Company paid Life, AD&D, Short-Term Disability and Long-Term Disability Insurance
Option of Health Savings Account (HSA) with company contribution, or Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA)
Wellness Incentive Programs with company deposits into HSA Account
Critical Care, Accident, and Hospital Indemnity options in addition to Legal Insurance and Pet Insurance
PTO Program (15 days, annual accrual)
8 Company Holidays with an additional 2 floating holidays
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Financial
401(k) match program with immediate vesting
Annual Bonus Program
Referral Bonuses
Annual compensation review
Development
Professional development and training opportunities
Cross training opportunities
Tuition reimbursement for courses related to TTM’s business – up to $12,000 per year
Annual performance reviews
Export Statement:
Must comply with TTM Export Control Policies and Procedures and all applicable laws including ITAR, EAR and OFAC including but not limited to: a) being able to identify ITAR product on the manufacturing floor and understand that access to these products and related technical data is restricted to only US Citizens and US Permanent Residents; b) recognition of Foreign Person visitors by badge differentiation; c) understand and follow authorization procedures for bringing foreign visitors into facilities (VAL); d) understand the Export and ITAR requirements for shipments leaving the US; e) manage vendor approvals for ITAR manufacturing and services.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or
protected veteran status.

Company: FedEx Services
  
Job Title: Full Stack Developer I
  
Job Requisition Number: RC516153
  
Category: Information Technology
  
Pay Type: Exempt
  
Locations:
 Collierville, Tennessee 38017
   United States
  
 Remote
   United States
  

Colorado Residents Only – Compensation: Monthly Salary $4422.16 - $7664.79
   The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range or starting rate of candidates hired in Colorado. Factors that may be used to determine your actual salary may include your specific skills, your work location, how many years of experience you have, and comparison to other employees already in this role. This information is provided to applicants in accordance to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.
   Job Summary: Under close supervision, designs, codes, tests and deploys software in all layers of the development life cycle. Provides the necessary documentation.  Job Specific Information:

 Full Stack Developer I position will be a key role in the Customer Enterprise Foundational Services (CEFS) group. 
 These agile teams are part of a release train that builds, delivers, and runs key capabilities for Customers for use by internal and external customers around the globe. 
 This position will support the Customer View Management (CVM), Customer Product Profile (CPP) and Enterprise Preferences and Privileges (EPP) teams; which provides authoritative single source of truth for FedEx Customer Legal, Sales/Pricng hierachies, preferences, privileges and product enablements.


 Skills/Knowledge/Experience Considered a Plus:


 Strong technical acumen with experience in Design and Implementation of Spring boot applications with advanced knowledge of Java, Oracle, Jenkins, Microservice Patterns, Splunk, Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) and Cloud based computing tenets 
 Knowledge of DataStax or NoSQL or Cassandra is a definite plus 
 Proven focus on Reliability and Software Engineering principles and to apply them based on Corporate Standards 
 Defining and executing enterprise strategies and building software solutions using modern techniques to improve speed-to-market, reliability and security 
 Strong collaboration skills to facilitate delivery across multiple scrum teams 
 Ability to drive results through project and people leadership and business collaborationaround the globe


 Minimum Qualifications:
 Bachelor's Degree/equivalent in computer science, engineering, or information systems and/or equivalent formal training or work experience. A related advanced degree may offset the related experience requirements.
  

Domicile: This position can be domiciled anywhere in the United States.
  

Remote Work: The ability to work remotely within the United States may be available based on business need.
  

Relocation: Relocation assistance may be available based on business need.
  

Application Instructions/Deadline:

Upload current copy of Resume (Microsoft Word or PDF format only) and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00pm CST) on the date below. If the date below is blank, there is no specified closing date for this requisition.

Friday, May 20, 2022

 Employee Benefits: Medical, dental, and vision insurance; paid Life and AD&D insurance; tuition reimbursement; paid sick leave; paid parental leave, paid vacation, and additional paid time off; geographic pay ranges; 401K with Company match and incentive bonus potential; sales incentive compensation for selling roles.
 FedEx. Where now meets next.
 Our vision is to be the earth's most engaged advocates of connected commerce where open borders, new markets and fair, sustainable practices are the norm for the billions of personal supply chains being managed every day in our always on, mobile-first world. We stand for ease, access and opportunity. We lead purposeful innovation, champion entrepreneurs, advocate free trade and empower humans and their place in the era of autonomy and AI. We fight for our customers, a more sustainable planet and an ethical playing field.
 FedEx inspires its more than 570,000 team members to remain focused on safety, the highest ethical and professional standards and the needs of their customers and communities. FedEx is committed to connecting people and possibilities around the world responsibly and resourcefully, with a goal to achieve carbon-neutral operations by 2040.
 FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer:

 Fortune "World’s Most Admired Companies" – 2021
 Forbes "Best Employers for Diversity" - 2021
 LinkedIn "Top 100 Companies" - 2021
 TIME "100 Most Influential Companies" - 2021
 World HRD Congress "Best Gender Equality Workplace" – 2021
 InsiderPro ComputerWorld "Best Places to Work for IT" – 2021


 Application Instructions/Deadline:
 Upload current copy of Resume (Microsoft Word or PDF format only) and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00pm CST) on the date below. If the date below is blank, there is no specified closing date for this requisition.
 FedEx Services is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetics disability, or protected Veteran status.
 FedEx Services does not discriminate against qualified individuals with disabilities in regard to job application procedures, hiring, and other terms and conditions of employment. Further, FedEx Services is prepared to make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant or employee to enable the applicant or employee to be considered for the desired position, to perform the essential functions of the position in question, or to enjoy equal benefits and privileges of employment as are enjoyed by other similarly situated employees without disabilities, unless the accommodation will impose an undue hardship. If a reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact recruitmentsupport@fedex.com.


We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to produce and implement functional software solutions. You will work with upper management to define software requirements and take the lead on operational and technical projects. In this role, you should be able to work independently with little supervision. You should have excellent organization and problem-solving skills. If you have hands-on experience in software development and agile methodologies, we’d like to meet you. Your goal will be to develop high-quality software that is aligned with user needs and business goals.
Responsibilities

Develop high-quality software design and architecture
Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development life cycle
Develop tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code
Automate tasks through appropriate tools and scripting
Review and debug code
Perform validation and verification testing
Collaborate with internal teams and vendors to fix and improve products
Document development phases and monitor systems
Ensure software is up-to-date with latest technologies

Skills

5+ years experience as a Senior Software Engineer
Extensive experience in software development, scripting and project management
Experience using system monitoring tools (e.g. New Relic) and automated testing frameworks
Knowledge of selected programming languages (e.g. Python, C++) and the Java/J2EE platform and Ruby (Required)
In-depth knowledge of relational databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) and NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB)
Familiarity with various operating systems (Linux, Mac OS, Windows)
Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude
Ability to work independently
Excellent organizational and leadership skills
BSc/BA in Computer Science or a related degree

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $96,953.00 - $171,654.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:All employees must have or be willing to receive the vaccine prior to the first day of employment.
Application Question(s):

Please cite your work eligibility status as either United States citizen, GC, or H1B visa holder.

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Software Engineer: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

As a mission-driven fintech, everything we do revolves around simplifying the homebuying process. Through our growing family of companies and products, our team meets customers where they want to do business at every step of the journey.
We innovate through technology, but our people are what sets us apart.
We are seeking talented and customer-obsessed Site Reliability Engineers to join our team. Site Reliability Engineers think big, aim big, and build, test, and iterate rapidly to continuously innovate and delight our consumers. Engineers are owners who contribute to the strategy and direction of our product and engineering solutions – as owners, we double down on success and learn from failure. As an Engineer, you will have the opportunity to work on a variety of customer-facing products and technical services that enable people across the country to buy a home, refinance a home, and save money with confidence and certainty.
Who you are: 
· You can work within a fast-moving startup environment in a rapidly growing company to deliver products that have a broad business impact.
· You are an owner and are passionate about both the customer experience and the quality, scalability, extensibility, and security of the products you support.
· You have a successful background in finding the best solutions to design, architect, and implement across our new and existing systems.
· You understand modern engineering practices and best practices for software development, including coding standards, code reviews, build processes, testing, operations, and monitoring.
· You have experience with infrastructure and reliability-focused technologies, such as Kubernetes, Terraform, PostgreSQL, HashiCorp Vault, Datadog, and ArgoCD.
· You roll up your sleeves to jump in wherever the business and team may need you.
What you’ll do
· You will consult with cross-functional teams consisting of designers, product managers, data engineers and software engineers to architect, design and implement large-scale applications.
· You will lead efforts in right-sizing solutions that will grow alongside our engineering organization.
· You will implement internal tooling and support the productivity of our engineering teams as we scale up our products.
· You will empower product teams to support themselves while developing applications.
· You will set foundational patterns for infrastructure design and reliability.
· You will collaborate with fellow engineers and be willing to serve as a mentor to others.
Why you’ll love it: 
· You will have exposure to a fast-growing, fintech startup while making meaningful contributions to its success along the way.
· You’ll work in a collaborative environment where you are always trusted and empowered to implement the best solution.
When you join: 
· You’ll join a locally and nationally recognized best place to work that values promotion from within.
· Plus:

Competitive compensation plan
Extended benefit offerings including:
Medical/dental/vision
Paid holidays
Paid time off
Maternity leave
Life insurance
Short- and long-term disability
401K with company match
Corporate wellness program
On-site perks including lunch discounts the café, as well as free haircuts
Discount on home mortgage refinances or purchases

Where you’ll work: 
· Remote
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $185,000.00 - $225,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

modern engineering practices and best practices: 6 years (Required)
build processes, testing, operations, and monitoring: 6 years (Required)
infrastructure and reliability-focused technologies: 5 years (Required)
Kubernetes, Terraform, PostgreSQL, HashiCorp: 4 years (Required)
Vault, Datadog, and ArgoCD.: 4 years (Required)
FinTech: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


About Us:
 Radiant Digital delivers technology consulting and business solutions for commercial and government clients.
 Our flexible delivery model allows us to provide end-to-end solution delivery, single project execution, and, or strategic resources.
 CMMI Maturity Level III and ISO 9001 – 2015 certified
 Position: Python/Java Developer
 Location: Remote
 Duration: Long Term
 Description:
 At least 5 -8 years pf Development experience.
 3- 5 years Proficient programming skills in Python and Java is very important.
 Familiar with CI/CD (Jenkins) is big plus.
 Any Knowledge of AI/ML models, frameworks(Tensorflow, keras, pytorch, etc.) is big plus.
 BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Math, related technical field or equivalent practical experience

 This is a remote position.
 
We seek self-starting and curious individuals to join our team. The prospective DevOps must feel very comfortable learning new technical skills and relevant areas quickly. These engineers will have a lot of autonomy and ability to innovate in their role. On our team, things work at a very fast pace! You should welcome that type of environment and feel comfortable with emerging new ideas and projects.
Must have:
Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university, Masters degree is preferred
Hands on experiences with Linux
Strong command line familiarity (principles, navigation, file editing/manipulation, etc)
Understand file systems layout
Users and file access management
Software installation and upgrade (manual and with package management tools like yum/rpm and apt/deb)
General knowledge of network protocols
Detecting and troubleshooting software and hardware issues
Monitoring the performance of the system
Practical experiences with Bash
Able to communicate (read/write/speak) in English in order to support US teams
Able to interact with fellow employees and some time working odd hours as needed.
Highly motivated, driven, can work independently, and with good work ethics.
A Successful Candidate in this Role Will be:
Performing regular maintenance of ARW’s cloud servers on the frontend and backend
Interacting with ARW users to resolve issues faced at the server level
Configuring ARW servers according to application requirements
Monitoring ARW servers and network devices
Documenting procedures for implementations and maintenance
Managing ARW peripherals, preparing laptops for ARW employees, and providing IT support to ARW employees
Maintaining ARW networks
Working Knowledge (Good to have):
Practical experiences in one of the interpretive languages (e.g., python, ruby, perl, etc)
Understand concept of cloud and virtualization environments
Practical experiences with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Practical experiences with configuration management; e.g., puppet, chef, etc
Practical experiences with DBMS (e.g., mysql, postgresql, etc) and use of respective client tools
Working knowledge on Windows Desktops (to resolve Eclipse/Sqlyog etc issues)
Position: Full Stack Software Engineer
Location: Remote
Duration: 1+ year
Job Description: 

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field
3+ years of experience in Object Oriented development in the following technologies: Java (Spring, JEE, etc), JavaScript (Node, Vue and React), PCF
1+ year of experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) and eXtreme Programming (XP) practices, JIRA, Flyway, Azure, Jenkins, MS SQL, Splunk

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $63.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Java: 7 years (Required)
PCF: 4 years (Required)
Vue.js: 3 years (Required)
Azure: 3 years (Required)
Spring: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote









Location: Remote Latin American
Team: Customer Interactive Services
Work Type: Full Time



          Nisum is a leading global digital commerce firm headquartered in California, with services spanning digital strategy and transformation, insights and analytics, blockchain, business agility, and custom software development. Founded in 2000 with the customer-centric motto “
          Building Success Together®,” Nisum has grown to over 1,800 professionals across the United States, Chile,Colombia, India, Pakistan and Canada. A preferred advisor to leading Fortune 500 brands, Nisum enables clients to achieve direct business growth by building the advanced technology they need to reach end customers in today’s world, with immersive and seamless experiences across digital and physical channels.
         


 Conocimientos y experiencia con:
         

           Clean Architecture en Android.
         

           Principios S.O.L.I.D.
         

           Kotlin.
         

           Kotlin Coroutines.
         

           Unit Test.
         

           Modularización de aplicaciones.
         

           Cobertura de código y tipos de cobertura.
         

           Herramientas para realizar análisis estático de código.
         

           AppDistribution.
         

           Gradle.
         

           Uso de MockServer.
         

           Distribución PlayStore.
         

           Técnicas de refactorización (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Integración (Opcional).
         

           Test Instrumentados de Punto a Punto (Opcional).
         

           Uso de TDD (Opcional)
         

           Patrones de presentación MVP, MVVM o MVI (de preferencia MVI)
         

           Flujos Git.
         






          Nisum is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are proud of our ongoing efforts to foster diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
         











Piper Companies is looking for a Azure Cloud Engineer for a leading wealth management organization in the Philadelphia, PA area.

 THIS IS A REMOTE OPPORTUNITY

 Responsibilities for the Azure Cloud Engineer:

You will be a hands-on engineer that assists and enables product/scrum teams with migrating and onboarding new code through Continuous Integration and Deployment Pipelines
Provide technical architecture leadership, support, and direction on projects resulting in scalable, reliable, and maintainable platforms


 Qualifications for the Azure Cloud Engineer:

At least 7 years of experience working with Azure cloud teams that deploy and migrate application to the cloud
At least 5 years of experience with enterprise migrations from on-prem equipment to cloud environments
At least 5 years of experience in the design and automation of Infrastructure as a Service and Platform as a Service capabilities including virtual networks, virtual machines, cloud services, web sites, data services etc.
Experience with creating, deploying, configuring, and scaling applications in Azure
Expert knowledge of designing high availability systems in Azure (fault domains, availability zones, regions);
Experience with automated provisioning of Dev/Test/Staging and Production environments using Infrastructure as a Code
Experience working with cloud native monitoring and logging tools (i.e. Log Analytics, or Azure Monitor)
Ability to break down application requirements and propose appropriate architectural solutions
BA/BS Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Computer Applications, or related field


 Compensation for the Azure Cloud Engineer:

Compensation is up to $70/Hr
Contract to hire, Remote Opportunity
Comprehensive Medical benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K match, and PRO


 Keywords: Azure, Azure Cloud, Microsoft cloud, cloud support, application support, azure cloud engineer, Azure engineer, cloud engineer, cloud administrator, cloud, MS cloud, MS Azure, DevOps, CI/CD, pipelines, Level 2, migrating, migration, migrate, migration, automation, automate, maintainable, software platforms, cloud platforms, Continuous Integration and Deployment Pipelines, pipelines, deployment, application deployment, Azure compute, compute, Azure storage, storage, Azure networking, networking, network, systems administration, system support, systems support, IaaS, Infrastructure, infrastructure as a service, PaaS, platform as a service, platform, remote, remote role, remote job, remote opportunity, 100% remote, including virtual networks, virtual machines, cloud services, web sites, data services, ARM Templates, Terraform, scaling, deploying, configuring, fault domains, availability zones, regions, Azure Monitor, Log Analytics, Cloud Health, Apptio, IaaC, infrastructure as code, Azure certified, cloud certified, azure certification, provisioning, automated provisioning, staging, production, pridction environments, governance, benefits, PTO, 401K, on-prem


PixelPeople is a boutique digital agency based in Chicago's western suburbs. We specialize in custom WordPress website development for businesses in a wide variety of industries. We also provide branding, marketing, and related technical services, so that we can support every facet of our clients' web presence and digital marketing needs.
We are currently looking for a Full-Stack WordPress Web Developer to build custom themes, re-skin existing themes, and provide ongoing support for existing sites including code changes/additions, content updates, and software maintenance. This is a remote, contract position, but we have a backlog of work and this could easily turn into a part-time or even full-time position in the very near future, with great growth potential.
APPLY ON OUR WEBSITE: https://pixelpeople.com/careers/full-stack-wordpress-web-developer/
This contract position starts at $50-75/hour, DOE.
To succeed in this position, you will need:

A positive, team-focused attitude. We want to build a team of helpful talent, not egos.
Excellent organization and written/verbal communication skills.
Attention to detail and the ability to thoroughly evaluate and test your own work.
In-depth knowledge of the WordPress platform and the ability to create custom themes using Advanced Custom Fields.
Strong command of PHP, HTML, JavaScript/jQuery, and CSS as it pertains to theme building and creating pixel-perfect layouts from PSDs.
A decent feel for design & usability, and the ability to improvise effectively when you don't have explicit layout direction for every screen size (it happens…)
Availability during regular business hours (Central Time)

And it will help to have:

Familiarity with Bootstrap and Flexbox.
Familiarity with Laravel Valet or a similar framework, integrating Gulp or Grunt and SASS.
Familiarity with team collaboration & version control using GIT.
Familiarity with hosting platforms commonly used for hosting WordPress sites.

We're a small and growing company where everyone on the team has a voice, and where your individual contributions will have a real impact on our business and our clients' businesses. Come grow with us!
Must be located in the U.S. and fluent in English.
No recruiters/agencies, please.
APPLY ON OUR WEBSITE: https://pixelpeople.com/careers/full-stack-wordpress-web-developer/
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $75.00 per hour
Work Location: Remote
Systems Software Engineer

About us:

We've built tech that takes RFID a giant leap forward. Be part of an exciting, well-funded startup changing the world of retail. RADAR's mission is to revolutionize customer experience in retail through precise identification of inventory in the stores and distribution centers. Faster reads and better accuracy means we know where things are and when they move. This position is primarily a software engineering role focused on both design and implementation, but also part of a small team to specify and build custom hardware. The initial product is a networked cluster of embedded systems providing compute resources, wireless communication, video capture, and wired networking implemented on a custom hardware platform. An ideal candidate will have previous experience or an academic background in wireless communication systems, networking, computer architecture, and hardware devices.

Responsibilities

This role develops system level software connecting our sensor and cloud systems together.
Collaborate with product management, review the requirements and come up the software design to be used. .
Write module level documentation, develop Python or C++ modules and run Unit testing.
Work with test engineers for the test plan and fix bugs found during the system testing phase.
Work on deployment the software on the customer site and evaluate / fine tune performance


Qualifications

BS/MS, Engineering in Computer Science/Engineering or similar
Proficient in algorithms and data structures with Python coding skills. Working knowledge of C++ is also required.
Comfortable working in Linux based environment for development and application deployment
Should have worked on worked a few of these technologies, backend design REST API design, socket programming, web-sockets, Docker containers.
Git working knowledge is required.
Familiar with build systems/Jenkins will be plus.
General networking principles and troubleshooting vpn, dhcp, usage of tcpdump will be good to have.

Compensation includes a competitive salary, stock options, medical insurance and 401K.

WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR IN TEAMMATES

Technology like what we're building doesn't happen on its own. It is the result of a collaborative environment and the hard work of passionate, dedicated individuals working intelligently towards a common goal. We are looking for exceptional people to join our growing team and have a positive impact on our culture, technology, and product from day one. We deeply value humility, curiosity, and a positive attitude and you should as well. You should also believe that mutual respect is the foundation of any healthy and productive relationship. You should be unafraid to ask questions or challenge responses no matter how simple or complex. Most importantly, you should value honest and direct communication as you recognize that this is the best way for any individual or team to continuously learn and grow. Accomplishing our collective goals will be fun but it will also be hard; you should be in pursuit of an ongoing and rewarding challenge!

WHAT IT'S LIKE TO WORK WITH US

We're passionate about the technology we've created and what we're building, but we know that changing any industry and creating a successful company will take balance, maturity, and a sustained effort. We've combined retail industry expertise, amazing engineers with experience shipping real-world hardware and software solutions, and a team of brilliant minds who are not afraid to focus on solving "impossible" problems. But this passion doesn't mean we live unbalanced lives. We have families and passions outside of work, and we know that the best work comes from sharp, rested people. We respect each other and each of our contributions, and we believe that the best solutions will come from a diversity of ideas and perspectives.

Finally, we build our products with deep empathy for the people who will use them every day. Their input and insights are our clearest guide to building what they need; we respect our partners and clients, and listen closely to their feedback.

Imagine what we could do together!
 Okta Engineering Security team is looking for an experienced and passionate software security engineer to join a team focused on designing and developing Security solutions to harden our frameworks & infrastructure. We embrace innovation and pave the way to transform bright ideas into excellent security software solutions that help run large-scale, mission-critical software. We encourage you to prescribe defense-in-depth measures, industry security standards, enforce the principle of least privilege to help take our Security posture to the next level. Our Security engineering team has a niche skill-set that combines Security domain expertise with the ability to design, implement, and rollout security features and functionalities without adding friction to product functionality or performance. We are responsible for the ever-growing need to improve our customer safety and privacy by providing security services that are coupled with the core Okta product.
 This is a high-impact role in a security-centric, fast-paced organization that is poised for massive growth and success. You will act as a liaison between the Security org and the engineering org to build technical leverage and influence the security roadmap and direction. You will focus on engineering security and privacy aspects of the systems used across our services while working on a weekly release cadence. You will be empowered to propose stimulating new projects for our roadmap and rewarded with projects using emerging technologies. Join us and be part of a company that is about to change the cloud computing landscape forever.
 Bring all the passion and dedication along and there's no telling what you could accomplish!
 Preferred qualification and abilities:

6+ years of development experience in designing and implementing software systems in Java, building highly reliable and mission-critical software.
3+ years of work experience in designing and implementing security solutions for applications and distributed systems.
Development work experience and excellent understanding in mitigating OWASP Top 10 attacks on applications, cryptography, key management, PKI, TLS/SSL, DDoS mitigation, authentication, authorization & application security.
Strong understanding of secure engineering concepts such as secure coding practices and secure code reviews and the ability to identify, mitigate and prevent threat vectors.
Excellent grasp of software engineering principles.

Responsibilities:

Liaison between the engineering and security org to develop innovative requirements for the security roadmap.
Own the frameworks and translate requirements into design and implementation steps.
Research, design and implement security-oriented frameworks and features with the common goal of protecting Okta's customers.
Lead software development while building technical leverage and influencing the direction of architecture, design, and roadmap.
Routinely participate in cross-vertical code reviews with an emphasis on Security.
Break down complex problems into sub-tasks & iteratively contribute to the goal of the security initiatives using agile practices.
Coach and mentor junior engineers in the team.

Education: B.S or M.S in Computer Science or related fields


 ((Colorado, New York and Washington only*) Minimum OTE of $154,000 /year + equity + benefits))
 Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
 Okta is rethinking the traditional work environment, providing our employees with the flexibility to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, no matter where they are located. We enable a flexible approach to work, meaning for roles where it makes sense, you can work from the office, or from home, regardless of where you live. Okta invests in the best technologies and provides flexible benefits and collaborative work environments/experiences, empowering employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Find your place at Okta https://www.okta.com/company/careers/.
 By submitting an application, you agree to the retention of your personal data for consideration for a future position at Okta. More details about Okta's privacy practices can be found at: https://www.okta.com/privacy-policy.


Only for W2 Candidates
Candidate Qualities : 
Ability to work autonomously
Excellent communication skills
Collaborative working style and One Team spirit
﻿
Education: 
Minimum = Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
Preferred = Master’s, Ph.D. degree, further education or experience in engineering, computer science, or another technical related field.
﻿
Experience: 
Minimum =
7 years of software development experience, or 5 years with an advanced degree.
Experience in Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.
Experience in any of the following: web/mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed/parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, systems/security software development.
﻿
Preferred
Experience developing accessible technologies.
Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.
Ability to write in English fluently and idiomatically.
﻿
Responsibilities
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve the software.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables.
Focus on overall product quality and user experience.
Take initiative and be responsible for technical solutions to data quality and workflow challenges.
Job Type: Contract
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Java: 1 year (Preferred)
Java C++ OR C#: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

IT Software EngineerIgnite Your Career With CORA!CORA Physical Therapy provides a full range of services for clients with orthopedic problems, work related injuries, sport injuries and various neuromuscular and neurological conditions. Our community is built on the passion and experience of clinicians who thrive with CORA and embrace our commitment to Treating Everyone Right.As an IT Software Engineer, you’ll design, create, modify and monitor computer programs by converting project requirements into software solutions using development tools and SQL queries. This is a remote position.Our ideal candidate is knowledgeable on industry trends, is effective at analyzing information, and has strong problem-solving skills.****Responsibilities: 

Analyzing current workflows, gathering requirements, designing, and developing systems to ensure workability and sustainability
Interpreting business requirements and creating a workable application
Analyzing specifications for compatibility with other systems
Providing feedback and recommendations for improvements to process, features, functionality, design, and performance
Analyzing dumps, debugging problems, and applying fix procedures
Understanding and applying object-oriented software principles
Develop project requirements by working with end-users and subject matter experts to develop objectives and establish deliverables
Establish input requirements based on desired output and functionality
Develop attack plan to solve business problems and deliver solutions to outlined problems
Implement design plan using compliant and acceptable mechanisms
Confirm program operation by alpha tests and modifying accordingly
Prepare documentation/testing instructions for beta testers
Use of proper source code controls and unit testing toolset

***Qualifications: *

Experience with Software Algorithm Design, Software Performance Tuning, Software Design, Software Debugging, Software Development Fundamentals, Software Documentation, and Software Testing
Bachelor’s degree in computer science required
Familiarity with DevOps, CI/CD, Agile Programming concepts and processes
Knowledge of Microsoft Technologies: Azure Cloud, APIs, SQL , C#, MVC, Azure DevOps, React, Redux, Power BI, SSRS, Azure Data Warehouse

Benefits: Not only is our benefits package the most comprehensive in our industry, we are consistently seeking new programs to enhance our offerings. Here's a taste:

Dental, Vision, and Medical Insurance
Competitive Salary
Retirement & Savings Plan
Career Opportunity within our network
Possible Relocation Assistance

We're looking for exceptional talent to join us - be a part of our elite team and apply today. With hundreds of locations in the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest, there’s sure to be the perfect fit for you!Click here to watch a video about CORACORA Physical Therapy is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:

Day shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Work Location: Remote

About Us
"The InterProse Corporation is a fast growth, profitable SaaS provider located in Vancouver, WA. Led by experts in both technology and finance, our company is the innovative software solution for late-stage receivables management.
We are a leader in the industry and are dedicated to helping collection agencies manage and grow their businesses as well as improving the lives and credit worthiness of thousands of Americans. We have a very friendly, supportive culture that loves to "wow!" our clients, and win in the market.
We believe in a small Development/Ops team where each member has significant room for contributing and making a difference. We expect each team member to pay attention to detail and thrive by producing innovative work. You will have direct control over your projects." - Matthew Hill, Co-Founder
InterProse builds, delivers, upgrades, and supports the most advanced web-based debt recovery software on the market today. Serving industries at every customer level, from start-up to enterprise, we develop technology to help our customers do more with fewer resources by stressing process automations and technology integrations.
Due to continued growth, we are looking for the next great addition to our team!
The Software Developer works with our software development team and customers to create and maintain InterProse’s innovative cloud-based receivables management solution--ACE.
If you enjoy applying your programming abilities to solve customers’ core needs and provide technical resources to our Customer Care Team-- we would like to hear from you!
What skills can you bring to the InterProse team?

4+ years’ experience creating software solutions with Java or other JVM language.
4+ years’ experience with SQL.
Report Design
The ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to customers and team members with a wide range of skills.
Positive spoken and written communication abilities
Self-starter; organized, punctual, and takes ownership of projects. Above-average time management skills.
Ability to work effectively in an agile environment with the team. · Enthusiasm and ambition to make our products great.
Desire for continuous learning, growth, and development.
Other desirable skills preferred but not required: Knowledge of the ARM and debt collection industry. Experience working with the following: PostgreSQL; REST/JSON; GIT, JIRA; and/or Logi reporting engine.
Ability to work M-F 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM from any US location/time zone.

What can InterProse offer you?

A competitive compensation package including excellent employer paid health, dental, life and vision for both employee and family.
401(k) retirement savings benefit with a 3% match
Opportunities to contribute and make a difference
Work that is fast-paced and goal-oriented
A dynamic team that is supportive, friendly and fun
A Company culture of innovation, continuous learning and giving back to the community
Flexible work environment! Your choice of remote or in-office options! Our office is centrally located in East Vancouver, WA.

What is it like to work at InterProse?
Our Company culture is one of:

Relentless Innovation
The highest ethics
Customer focus
Teamwork and support
Empowerment
Laughter, collaboration, and genuine interactions!

We invite you to learn more about InterProse by visiting: https://www.interprose.com/
We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
Due to limitations, we cannot hire from California.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you based in United States?
Are you not based in California?
Are you in EST? If not, are you able to work EST time overlap?

Experience:

Professional engineering (not as intern, code acad or proj): 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Position Overview:
 Nationwide IT Services (NIS) is seeking an experienced Software Developer to provide development support on a new task order on its flagship contract. The Software Developer will work with key stakeholders and customers to analyze, develop and implement software changes/enhancements to a laboratory information management system used by the agency's Water Mission Area. The ideal candidate will be experienced with STARLIMS Scripting Language (SSL) - but knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming will lend itself to effectively supporting development.
  
 The Software Developer shall be an active part of an Agile software development team that practices Scrum. The Software Developer shall provide recommendations, evaluation, analysis, design often verbally during Agile practice activities including:
  

Release Planning and Backlog Grooming – Provide design and recommendations as to what software development activities should be included in a Release and what software development activities should be removed from the Backlog
Sprint Planning – Provide design and recommendations as to what software development activities should be included in a Sprint
Daily Standups – Verbally report status of their software development code progress.
Retrospectives – Provide analysis of recent software development in order to improve quality, timeliness of future software development activity.
Demonstrations – Demonstrate the new functionality (working code) from recent software development

 The Software Developer will report to the Project Manager.
  

Duties and Responsibilities:

Analyze user stories and design software solutions to meet user story requirements.
Analyze and refine requirements based on input from Domain experts
Estimate complexity of the work using Story Points
Design and document technical solutions
Recommend work schedules which will align with Scrum Master and Product Owner requirements
Implement, demonstrate and deliver solution using the designated programming language as appropriate.
Fully document all task work in Jira

Job Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field required.
6-8 years of software development experience using languages/technologies such as Python, Java, .NET, C#, JavaScript and SQL and Integrated Development Environments (IDEs) such as Visual Studio, NetBeans and/or Eclipse
Expertise with Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) and Representational State Transfer Application Programming Interfaces (REST APIs)
Experience with Oracle databases and creation of stored procedures and other database objects
Strong expertise with Agile/Scrum development methodologies and knowledge of Jira for issue tracking
Experience with GitLab or other similar source control tools
Experience with dependency management tools such as Nexus and Artifactory as object stored for build artifacts
Experience with Continuous Integration (CI) tools such as JenkinsCI and GitLabCI to automatically build application code, run automated tests, and create development artifacts and generate quality assurance reports such as test coverage or code quality metrics.
Excellent written/verbal communication and multi-tasking skills
Must be US Citizen or Authorized to Work in the United States.
Ability to obtain and retain a Public Trust clearance

Additional Skills:

Experience with STARLIMS Scripting Language (SSL) is highly desirable but not required
Experience with Crystal Reports (or other similar reporting tools) is preferred but not required
The salary range shown is a general guideline only. Actual compensation is based on the candidate's experience, qualifications, and work location. The range listed is just one component of Nationwide IT Services total compensation package for employees.
  

About Nationwide IT Services
 NIS is an IT and Management consulting company, designated 8(a) by the SBA, and a CVE-verified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business. Our mission is to deliver value-added services to our customers, leveraging technology, people, and industry best practices to implement innovative solutions through our trusted employees and team members.
  
 Our benefits package includes medical, dental, and vision insurance, life and disability insurance, 401(k) plan with employer match, paid holidays, PTO (sick/vacation), commuter benefits, employee assistance program (EAP) and educational reimbursement.
  
 Nationwide IT Services, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics, disability or protected veteran status.
  
 COVID-19 Policy: Prospective and/or new employees will be required to adhere to Nationwide IT Services (NIS) vaccination policy. All NIS employees must be fully vaccinated, and they must submit proof of vaccination on their first day of employment. Prospective or new employees may seek an exemption to the vaccination requirement by contacting hr@nw-its.com and must have an approved exemption prior to the start of their employment. Customer site vaccination requirements, if more strict, will take precedence over NIS' vaccination policy.
 
Engineering
Mobile
Spotify is accelerating its entry into the live audio space across a range of sports, music, and cultural programming. With this live audio platform, Spotify will redefine the way fans connect with digital taste-makers through highly-relevant, reactionary live content, and put the power to quickly and easily build spontaneous, interactive conversations in the hands of millions of emerging voices worldwide.
Location
New York or Remote Americas
Job type
We are looking for thoughtful, well-rounded iOS engineer to join our team. We’re looking for someone to help build out the foundation of the app and infrastructure. Because conversations happen in real time, we’re facing outstanding and technically interesting scaling challenges as the community grows. If you are interested in taking part in a company bet and want to help build an application that millions of people use every day to discover and listen to podcasts & music, this is the perfect opportunity. You will play an important part in our mobile engineering practice, implementing new features, improving performance, and building beautiful user interfaces. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music & podcasts.
What you'll do
Collaborate with a small, autonomous team of developers, designers, and product owners to find end-to-end solutions to important problems
Help your team tackle problems in a way that makes sense for iOS users and our codebase
Join dozens of other developers and help to craft the direction of iOS development at Spotify
Who you are
2+ years of Swift experience
Complete understanding of Auto Layout/constraints Experience building custom views
Experience with client-side networking
Experience with declarative paradigm or RxSwift Experience deploying apps to the App Store
You care about quality and you know what it means to ship maintainable code
Experience deploying apps to the App Store
Understand and are able to implement UX without direction huge plus!
Have experience with WebSockets or PubSub huge plus!
Experience with declarative/reactive paradigm huge plus!
Our global benefits
Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse.
Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success.
Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents.
All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub.
Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs.
Spotify On Tour, join your colleagues on trips to industry festivals and events.
Learn about life at Spotify
Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 381 million users.
Global COVID and Vaccination Disclosure
Spotify is committed to safety and well-being of our employees, vendors and clients. We are following regional guidelines mandating vaccination and testing requirements, including those requiring vaccinations and testing for in-person roles and event attendance. For the US, we have mandated that all employees and contractors be fully vaccinated in order to work in our offices and externally with any third-parties. For all other locations, we strongly encourage our employees to get vaccinated and also follow local COVID and safety protocols.
This role is not eligible for hire in Colorado, USA.

Proven experience as a .NET Developer or Application Developer
Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, SQL Server and design/architectural patterns (e.g. Model-View-Controller (MVC))
Knowledge of at least one of the .NET languages (e.g. C#, Visual Basic .NET) and HTML5/CSS3
Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC)
Understanding of Agile methodologies

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Back End Developers: 1 year (Preferred)
ASP.NET: 1 year (Preferred)
APIs: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Summary
Phase2 is a digital product agency passionate about customer experience, grounded in data and insights, and rooted in 20 years of successful technology delivery. We make digital products that inspire, engage, and create impact. For the most influential companies in the world, Phase2 is a proven partner, guiding our clients toward what's next in the digital landscape.

Phase2 is looking for a frontend web developer who is excited about creating compelling and useful digital experiences to join our expanding team. The ideal candidate is passionate about solving the underlying problems for our clients; highly collaborative and eager to exchange knowledge with coworkers; and constantly seeking to learn and improve. You will build the user-facing parts of web sites and web applications using a variety of technologies including Web Components, Lit2 and Typescript. You should come with an openness to learning technologies in the midst of doing project work, but with the reassurance that you are part of a team that helps each other learn. Your excellent communication skills will help you be effective not only working with your colleagues but also with clients, who will talk with you and your teammates over a variety of communication media such as Zoom and Slack.

Working at Phase2, you will be surrounded by other highly intelligent, motivated professionals who are not only smart but also kind. Our culture is built on authenticity, collaboration, and knowledge sharing. We provide a flexible work environment and we have been remote-friendly for years prior to the pandemic. We nurture the natural curiosity of our employees by providing them opportunities to explore various disciplines through our system of guilds: groups who meet regularly discuss, learn about, and advance our company’s capabilities in specific areas. Focus areas for our guilds range from: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning; Automated Testing; Drupal; JAMstack; Management; Teambuilding and Agile Methodologies; Javascript; Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI); and many others. Our developers also get the opportunity to learn and explore continuously by working across a variety of clients and using an ever-evolving set of cutting edge technologies. If you are passionate about your work and want to make an impact, we’d love for you to join us and add to our culture!

This position reports to the Director of Engineering for Frontend and Mobile Applications.

Responsibilities
Break down functional requirements into technical tasks.
Communicate with clients to clarify requirements and discuss solution options.
Estimate development tasks.
Design data structures, including component composition, properties, and state.
Suggest improvements to software systems.
Lead portions of the project development process.
Troubleshoot operational issues to determine root cause and perform resolution.
Manage codebase to create releases and deploy code to production systems.
Shares knowledge and mentors colleagues as needed.
Provide self-documenting code and operational documentation as required.
Meet periodically with a mentor/manager/team lead to keep on track with development.
Accept constructive feedback and seek assistance as needed.
Perform code reviews on pull requests.
Minimum Qualifications
Strong understanding of modern vanilla JavaScript (ES6+).
Strong knowledge of modern CSS, including, Flexbox, CSS grid, CSS variables.
Strong understanding of the DOM (Document Object Model) and DOM manipulation.
Experience with one or more frontend frameworks.
Experience writing automated tests using systems such as Mocha, Jest, or Cypress.
Ability to collaborate with design and product team(s) and make recommendations that ease or improve implementation.
Experience using Git, including the abilities to commit code, work with merge conflicts and comprehend industry standard Git workflows.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with, or basic knowledge of, Web Components strongly preferred.
Experience developing in TypeScript.
Experience with JavaScript template engines like JSX.
Experience developing with Tailwind CSS.
Experience advocating for accessibility best practices.
Drupal theming experience, including the Twig templating system, a plus.
Experience with bundling systems such as Webpack, Snowpack, Parcel, etc.
Key Metrics
Complete assigned tickets in the sprint.
Successfully merge code into the build pipeline.
Participate in frontend code reviews on current project(s).
Contribute to sprint planning and other agile ceremonies.
Share expertise with clients and colleagues as needed.
Physical Demands
Frequently remain in a stationary position, often standing or sitting for prolonged periods of time.
Occasional adjusting or moving of light objects up to 20 pounds in all directions.
Continuous communication on live video chats, calls, and through emails and messaging platforms for the purpose of exchanging information.
Continuous repetitive movements that may include the wrists, hands, and/or fingers.
Mental Demands
Comprehension- Must continuously be able to understand direction and adhere to established procedures. Must also be able to gather information from clients and employees and synthesize this information in a meaningful way. May also be responsible for making improvements or recommendations to existing procedures.
Organization- Must continuously be able to gather and classify information, store information learned from conversations and communications, and then be and be able to quickly recall, interpret, and explain information.
Reasoning and Decision Making- Must continuously use logic to analyze and interpret information, and prioritize.
Communication- Must continuously express or exchange ideas and meaning with employees and clients.
Resilience- Must continuously adapt well in the face of workplace stressors.


Regarding COVID-19 Vaccines
Phase2 has contracts with the federal government, subjecting it to federal COVID-19 vaccine mandates. If you are under consideration for work on a government contract or plan to work from a Phase2 office location, Phase2 will require you to be vaccinated. Phase2 will permit limited medical and religious exemptions. Upon offer of employment, you will be asked to provide your vaccination status.

More About Phase2
Candidates being considered will be contacted by email first. Every job requires at least 2 interviews-both conducted via video. A representative from Employee Experience will conduct the first interview via video and the invitation will be sent from a valid, Phase2 email address. Additionally, all job offers are delivered via DocuSign with security validation.

Phase2 has an unwavering commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion.

As a remote-first company, we are able to compete for the best talent, no matter where they live. Our salary structure is commensurate with accomplishment. We offer a full benefits package including 401K with an automatic company contribution. We have more than 160 employees in our Arlington, Virginia, New York, New York, Portland, Oregon, and “everywhere” offices.

We are dedicated to creating an environment of openness and engagement. Each member of our workforce can bring the fullest expression of themselves to work every day in order to best serve one another and our clients. We commit to keeping our workplace free from discrimination based upon race, color, religion, sex (including gender identity, sexual orientation, and pregnancy), national origin, age (40 or older), disability or genetic information. Phase2 is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and participates in E-Verify.
Remote Associate Software Engineer Contract to Hire Opportunity
ResponsibilitiesIncludes but not limited to:

Develop and implement new applications in a DevOps / Agile environment
Maintain and improve the performance of existing applications
Submit all designs and code modifications for peer review
Document operational practices and procedures for existing and new systems as changes in standards evolve

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline
Minimum 1 year of development experience
Hands-on experience with JavaScript/TypeScript
Ability to navigate and use relational database (MySQL, MSSQL, etc)
Understanding common data structures like JSON or YAML

Required Skills

Strong analytical and research skills
Receptive listening skills, with ability to present ideas in a clear, concise fashion to technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to code software programs for varied or specific platforms
Software testing and debugging skills
Deductive reasoning abilities
Ability to self-learn and keep up to date with Software Development industry, as well as evolving practices and designs of the organization
Ability to remain consistent in delivering outputs efficiently and of high quality
Skilled with the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experience with following and implementing RESTful APIs
Experience using Agile methodologies
Experience designing screens using HTML and CSS3
Experience using code versioning system

Preferred Skills

Experience using Git for code versioning
Experience scripting with PowerShell, bash
Familiarity using Jenkins or other CI (Continuous Integration) software
Familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes

Certifications Required

AWS or Azure Cloud Certifications (optional, but very beneficial)

Additional Information

All candidates are encouraged to apply, but many positions require a strict drug and background check by our customers. F2OnSite supports and adheres to all state laws regarding background checks.
“Except where prohibited by law, many employees and contractors of F2OnSite are required to obtain a Covid-19 vaccine, and new hires will be required to provide proof they have done so, or obtain an exemption or deferral based on a valid religious or medical reason, prior to beginning employment.”

F2OnSite is the fastest growing Onsite I.T. Services company in the United States and is ranked in the Top 25 fastest growing privately held companies overall! We are looking for the best and brightest technical talent to work in the field for our customers! We Are the “Boots on the Ground” for our customers! Our tag line of “Relax, we got this!” is not just marketing: it is the reality of who we are as a company! Our Field Engineers are the heart of the company, and we care about your success!What We Do - Our focus is Hardware: Desktops, Laptops, Servers, Printers, POS systems, and LCD’s. We have hundreds of team members across the US who work Onsite at customer’s locations - providing hardware break/fix services, migrate data, install computers, move printers, install/fix servers, and POS systems. We close thousands of service calls each week and do whatever it takes to get our customers up and running again. We specialize in all types of technology, projects, desktop support and more.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: From $40.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you currently working?
What is your minimum and desired hourly rate requirement?
Are you AWS or Azure Cloud Certified? (Optional, but very beneficial).
To expedite your application, email your resume to debbie@f2onsite.com in word format with your hourly rate requirement minimum to desired. Please include the name of the position, location and your name in the subject line of the email. Please include your personal email. Thank you.

Work Location: Remote
Note: We support 100% remote work for applicants who reside in the following states: California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, Oregon, Texas and Washington.

We use a modern tech stack: React, TypeScript, Redux Sagas, Apollo, Emotion (CSS-in-JS), Webpack

Textio's mission is to build software that creates understanding between people. Textio’s category-defining augmented writing platform has already transformed the way that thousands of companies write and hire, and we’re looking for a creative and driven Senior Software Engineer to help us bring our software to more places people write every day.

2021 was the strongest year in Textio history. We shipped several new products and doubled the size of our customer base. 2022 promises to be even more exciting: more new products coming to market, an ambitious revenue plan, and substantial team growth.

As an engineer on the Application Engineering team you’ll work alongside industry-leading designers and product managers to help create ground-breaking user experiences. We are the team that builds the frontend for Textio’s user-facing applications, from our guidance canvas for rich text editing to our in-depth analytics dashboards to our browser extension and integrations. We thrive on technical challenges and building user interactions the world hasn’t seen before.

There is incredible opportunity to be part of the entire lifecycle of building new products: from early conception of very rough ideas, to using customer feedback to iterate and improve what you’ve built.

In this role you will:
Build human-centric UX using technologies like React, TypeScript, and CSS-in-JS. We value an ability to learn and grow together above knowing any particular technology
Focus on developing user experiences, with the option to jump in and solve hard problems across the entire stack
Drive technical investments from the early exploration of ideas to delivering integral parts of our stack, balancing short-term goals with long-term architectural vision
Mentor others on the team to help them grow as engineers across many dimensions
Lead technical initiatives or feature teams by partnering with teammates across Design, Product, Data Science, and Backend Engineering to drive sophisticated features from start to finish
We’d love to hear from you if:
You have 3+ years of experience writing production software
You take pride in creating powerful experiences that are simple and intuitive for users
You have strong systems-level thinking and can reason technically across an entire product
You’re naturally curious about the technologies you use and take initiative to dive in, ask questions, and figure things out
You build those around you through mentoring, sharing what you know, and balancing the perspectives of everyone
You thrive in an environment that tests ideas by building
You have a track record of trying and learning new things
You have a point of view but are low ego
[Amazing but not required] You have production experience developing extensions for browsers, native applications, or any other software.
Benefits

We are building a truly diverse, equitable, and inclusive engineering team. We have a number of outstanding benefits to support that.

We are a fully distributed team. Without a central office, everyone’s on an equal footing wherever you’re based. Our positions are open to residents of California, Colorado, Hawaii, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, Oregon, Texas, and Washington.
We offer flexible schedules and unlimited time off. Take vacations to recharge and work the schedule that makes sense for you. We’re about long-term growth and success, so that means working sustainably.
We provide outstanding health care, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family.
We offer paid time to volunteer at non-profits. If you volunteer enough, we'll match your hours with donations.
You'll have access to on-demand, personalized coaching with Bravely.

The base salary range for this role’s listed level is currently $151,500 - $185,000. Grade level and salary ranges are determined through interviews and a review of education, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities of the applicant, equity with other team members, and alignment with market data. We will provide more information on our benefits and equity upon requests. Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted up to or over 100% of the offered base salary (no cap). Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for > Equal Work Act, C.R.S. § 8-5-101 et seq.

Textio embraces diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. Textio will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation please contact our recruiting team at recruiting@textio.com.

Working at Textio is outstanding. Learn more about our philosophy, benefits, and team at https://textio.com/careers/. Reach out and share your story with us!

Great experiences are delivered one interaction at a time.

 Tactis is adding to its experience delivery team. We are recruiting for a Front-end Developer to work with the Tactis Design & Engineering team on project in support of the federal government. In this role, you will help the team build and maintain software using HTML, CSS and Bootstrap. 

A qualified Front-end Developer has:

 Experience: 

2+ years of experience working with HTML and CSS and a willingness to work with these technologies on a daily basis
 Knowledge of Bootstrap
 Excellent communication and presentation skills
 Strong organizational skills

 Preferred Qualifications: 

VB.NET
 A eye for design
 Experience using Jira, Confluence, Basecamp and/or other cloud-based collaboration tools.
 Experience with Git and/or Bitbucket.


 About this position:

 Remote. this position works 100% from a dedicated home office.
 Full-time. this is a full-time position.

 Tactis is a full lifecycle customer experience agency working for organizations across all points of communication, combining human touch with digital expertise to create outcomes that matter. We design and implement intelligent solutions that ensure users have a personalized, consistent experience across all digital and human touch points.
 Tactis Careers | Twitter | LinkedIn | call 301.389.0247 | email talent@tactis.com 
 Tactis is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status.
 Tactis, LLC is certified as a HUBZone Small Business Concern under the Small Business Administration. You will be asked to provide documentation to confirm your residency required to maintain this status. 
Tactis requires all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 or have a valid medical or religious exemption from receiving a COVID-19 vaccine.
 This job posting is intended to describe the general nature of work being performed. It is not intended to be inclusive of all duties and responsibilities.



Piper Enterprise Solutions is searching for a DevOps Engineer for a client in the financial services and technology industry. This is a 100% remote position.

 Responsibilities for the DevOps Engineer:

 Responsible for the monitoring and maintenance of cloud-based production infrastructure from continuous deployment to monthly process management
 Develop, design, and implement cloud modernization solutions

 Qualifications for the DevOps Engineer: 

1+ years’ experience working in Cloud operations or a similar role
 2+ years’ experience with infrastructure as a service automation (CloudFormation, Terraform)
 Experience with CI/CD tools such as Teamcity or Jenkins
 Working knowledge of AWS, with the ability to implement interactions (SDK, API, Command Line Interface, etc.)
 Automation experience using bash, python, powershell, scripting
 Some knowledge and experience with SQL, C#, VB is ideal
 Strong communication and organizational skills

 Compensation/Benefits for the DevOps Engineer:

 100% Remote
 $70-$76/hr W2, Contract-To-Hire ($120,000-$133,000 conversion)
 Comprehensive benefit package; Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k

 Keywords: devops, engineer, software engineer, automation, cloud, aws, azure, powershell, sql server, nosql, scripting, python, bash, teamcity, Jenkins, docker, Kubernetes, containers, ci/cd, snowflake, elasticsearch, elasticity, .net, developer, scalability concepts, aws sdk, aws api, command line interface, cloudformation, terraform, git, restful web services, cloud operations, cloud engineer, cloud solutions, cloud automation, xml, json, csa, rdna, integration, monitoring, applications, production, deployment, java, c#, sql, vb, distributed systems, windows, linux, encryption, ssh, r, remote, work from home, medical, dental, vision, benefits


Key skills-7yrs JAVA + 2yrs AWS
Job description
Summary: The main function of a software engineer is to apply the principles of computer science and mathematical analysis to the design, development, testing, and evaluation of the software and systems that make computers work. A typical software engineer researches, designs, develops and tests operating systems-level software, compilers, and network distribution software for medical, industrial, military, communications, aerospace, business, scientific and general computing applications. Job Responsibilities: Review and approve the modification of existing databases and database management systems. Instruct staff to write and code logical and physical database descriptions and specify identifiers of database to management system. Direct database development and approve project scope and limitations. Review project requests describing database user needs to estimate time and cost required to accomplish project. Plan, coordinate, and implement security measures to safeguard information in computer files against accidental or unauthorized damage, modification or disclosure. Approve, schedule, plan and supervise the installation and testing of new products and improvements to computer systems. Develop standards and guidelines to guide the use and acquisition of software and to protect vulnerable information. Skills: Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, customer service and interpersonal skills. Strong ability to work independently and manage one’s time. Strong mentoring skills necessary to provide support and constructive performance feedback. Strong knowledge of the full software development lifecycle: from business/systems analysis, through requirements gathering and functional specification authoring, to development, testing and delivery. Strong ability to troubleshoot issues and make system changes as needed to resolve issue. Strong knowledge of computer hardware and software. Knowledge of computer development software as it relates to systems, such as SQL, VisualBasic, etc.
Education/Experience: Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering or relevant field required. 8-10 years experience required.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS,Java: 10 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

 Southwest will provide a stable work environment with equal opportunity for learning and personal growth. Employees will be provided the same concern, respect, and caring attitude within the organization that they are expected to share externally with every Southwest Customer. 
 
JOB TITLE: Principal Software Engineer 
 

LOCATION: 2702 Love Field Drive, Dallas, TX 75235, and may work from home 
 

DUTIES: Act as a subject matter expert in data warehouse design, coding, testing, documentation, and implementation; identify program issues and define new parameters to reduce issues for future production; mentor and coach on identifying and reducing defects early in testing lifecycle; provide training and insight on escalated testing, and streamline avenues in the future; develop, test, and operate end-to-end software solutions using machine learning, related optimization, and knowledge systems; mentor engineers on products, facilitate trainings, and continuously teach-back industry-related updates; mentor and create standards to maintain high quality and quantity of work; direct the team on scope of solutions while leading and defining futuristic plans to prevent challenges; remain abreast of industry trends, enhance scope of how the trends affect the business and promote plans to mitigate; provide expert communication within teams while mentoring on best practices, future initiatives, and communicate effectively to translate technology information for non-technology leaders; manage external vendors, learn from industry consortium and do teach-backs to enhance the team’s knowledge; build network of communication with other companies for industry trends, knowledge sharing and drive innovation; drive thought leadership among the team, while leading ideating sessions and encouraging group to think about future opportunities; guide escalations and implement systems to enhance solution; identify strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions, or approaches to problems; estimate cost, effectiveness, and strengths/weakness of alternative solutions while evaluating market options. 
 
REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s or foreign equivalent degree in Business, Engineering, Engineering Physics, Electronics, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field followed by 8 years of progressive experience in data warehouse design, development, or testing using SQL, Unix Shell scripting, and ETL tools like Ab Initio, Informatica, or any other ETL tools. In lieu of a Bachelor’s degree followed by 8 years of progressive experience, employer will accept a Master’s or foreign equivalent degree in the fields stated above and 6 years of experience in the skill sets stated above. Experience therein to include 6 years using FastLoad, MultiLoad, FastExport, TPT, and BTEQ. Must have ability to work from home. 
 

CONTACT: Refer to job code SHBIRV-W . 
 
 Southwest Airlines is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Please print/save the job description because it won't be available after you apply.

Description: Boulder Heavy Industries (BHI) is seeking a Senior Back-End Software Engineer (Python/TypeScript) to join our engineering team. Your role is important as your expertise will push our application and team forward. Our growing SaaS platform provides advertising technology to everyday folks for a variety of companies. Your work will drive engagement through ecommerce and will be a key component on which major well-known brands rely. Your work will also be seen across major social networks. With BHI, you are not a number, your work & personality will have a clear impact on our team and customers. (www.mylocalhero.co)You will be joining a small but talented team who likes to have fun but takes their engineering work seriously. Yes, we are looking for a senior level engineer, but we don’t expect you to know everything all the time. Great coding is about always pushing forward and growing as an individual. Your experience, adaptability, and collaboration will be rewarded with great culture and a team that respects your hard work. Would you like to put all your skills to use? Your new role is about business, culture, and engineering – bring it.Remote Role: If you do not live in our beautiful state of Colorado, we are open to 100% remote candidates in most states.Boulder Heavy Industries is a collective of marketing companies born from a shared commitment to pushing the boundaries of modern growth strategies. Housed under one roof, the businesses at BHI service startup, growth-stage and enterprise-level brands.The ideal candidate: 

Minimum 4 years proven experience as a senior back-end engineer using Python & Flask
Minimum 3 years proven experience with TypeScript, JavaScript & NodeJS
Minimum 4 years proven experience in designing, implementing, debugging, and testing software applications.
Minimum 3 years proven experience with SQL and NoSQL databases
Proficiency in software architecture, coding patterns, coding best practices & conducting code reviews
Working knowledge of AWS, mainly services such as SQS, CodeBuild, ECS, Lambda & others
Working knowledge of Linux, bash, shell scripting and background task management
Working knowledge of RESTful interfaces
Familiarity with Agile/SCRUM working environment
Reliable and self-directed, you know what needs to get done
Willingness to mentor & help junior to mid-level engineers
Strong communication & collaboration skills

A day in the life: 

You’ll have focus time during the day to sink your mind into your coding work.
You’ll attend a stand-up meeting to provide updates and inform of any blockers that may disrupt your work.
You’ll engage in a productive conversation regarding a coding methodology and explain the reasoning behind a decision in the business logic.
You’ll hotfix a bug and receive kudos from multiple teams.
You’ll speak up at a “retrospective” where we learn from our sprints and talk about issues that we might improve all while cracking a few jokes.
While eating dinner, it’ll occur to you that you need to add another 2 methods to that interface from this afternoon.

. Requirements: Here's what you need to get our attention: 

You enjoy challenging work – great software is not easy and you’re hungry for a serious win.
You have an approachable yet professional personality, you communicate well and can articulate a point within a complex issue.
You can discuss your experiences as senior level engineer.
You have experience providing guidance and/or leadership to other engineers.
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering or related degree – or equivalent work experience: If you have a four-year degree, that’s great; we care more about your past experience and ability to do the job, so please apply even if you don’t have a degree.

Here's what will make us call you for sure, but you don’t need all of these: 

Proficiency in developing, maintaining and deploying SaaS applications
Experience with front-end development using React or other front-end frameworks
Experience with software architecture, performance, and optimization
Business, startup, or entrepreneurial experience
Experience with Go (Golang)
Experience using Kubernetes and/or Docker
High-level experience with user authentication and security
Working knowledge and routine usage of Atlassian Jira & Confluence
Entrepreneurial/Start-up mindset or understanding and exposure to business

And if we haven't convinced you yet, here is why you'll want to be part of our team: We aren't just in the most beautiful city in the world (in our humble opinion), but a place where fun isn’t a 4-letter word:

We have top-notch engineering culture with team members who have your back!
100% remote or you may come into our beautiful offices if you’re near Boulder, CO (our in-house happy hours are always fun).
Time off is as important as hard work! Salaried employees are on a Flex PTO plan and hourly employees receive a standard 15 days of PTO, with increasing accruals the longer they stay with us.
Generous holidays including a reduced schedule between Christmas and New Year’s.
We make sure our team is well cared for with strong health plans - We even cover our employees' dental and vision premiums!
Access to Flexible Spending Accounts Plan
Matching traditional and Roth 401k
Employee Assistance Program
Supplemental leave: self-care and family first!
4-week paid sabbatical after 10 years of service
Life Insurance
Travel Assistance and more
Dogs are welcome

Salary range: $135K-$145K DOECOME AS YOU ARE: your gender, your gods, your sex life, your skin color or your big shot uncle don't make a difference here. BHI, LLC is a progressive and open-minded meritocracy. If you're smart and good at what you do, come as you are.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year

Title : AWS DevOps Engineer
Location : Jacksonville, FL (Remote)
Duration : Long Term
Contract: W2 Full Time
Skills : AWS, Terraform, Jenkins, containers
Minimum Skills

Significant experience and expertise in AWS
Significant experience using Terraform and Jenkins
Experienced setting up end-to-end pipelines using Terraform and Jenkins for both IaC and application deployment to AWS
Experienced with multi-team, multi-tenant environments with strong IAM and control segregation
Experienced with configuring Jenkins jobs securely and with consideration for protecting sensitive information and secrets
Experienced with designing and using RBAC across multiple DevOps tools and AWS
Strong understanding of standard SDLC practices and familiarity with audit compliance

Desired skills

Experience with implementing Jenkins shared libraries for common shared job functions and steps
Experience with Oracle and GCP
Experience with k8s and containers
Strong understanding of CMDB/Inventory requirements, tagging strategies, and audit activities
Experience with Ansible, Saltstack, or other configuration management automation tool

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $84,377.00 - $169,371.00 per year
Schedule:

12 hour shift

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 949-264-8449

Required Skills: 
· Linux, Openstack, & K8s certification & experience are required.
Desired Skills: 
· Linux, Cloud Operations, OpenStack, Kubernetes, Software Defined Networking, Virtual Network Functions, Scripting, and Security Compliance.
Education: Preferred Bachelor of Science degree: Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Science, Electrical Engineering, or Math; or equivalent experience.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Linux: 4 years (Preferred)
OpenStack: 4 years (Preferred)

License/Certification:

Kubernetes Certification (Required)

Work Location: Remote
CEdge has an opportunity for an SOFTWARE ENGINEER IV located in St Louis MO(REMOTE). If you are ready to work alongside World Renowned Technology experts, and carry the skills below, this is the opportunity that will inevitably take your career to unbelievable levels!

Job Title: SOFTWARE ENGINEER IV

Description: SR. BI ENGINEER -


About The Position

Generates reports and/or datasets for end users, using system tools, databases, and scripts. May alter deliverables based on evolving business needsTrouble-shoots and fix reports and/or dashboards by working with stakeholders on understanding the business problemsWorks independently to solve complex problemsInitiates and leads meetings with key business stakeholders

Key responsibilities include:

Builds an understanding of existing systems, databases, and procedures and follows corporate policies when executing projectsApplies best practices and established procedures to analyze data and identify trendsAssists in the creation of dashboards and reporting models in a relational database management systemEngages with business stakeholders to develop an understanding of their operations and define how analytics can solve key business problemsDocuments data requirements and works with business users to understand the goal of a project or analysisDemonstrates a bias for action by hitting deadlines, communicating with project stakeholders, and producing polished outputsIntegrates data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elementsPartners effectively with team members and departments to achieve the best resultsRequests feedback on own work and provides feedback to othersDevelops innovative and efficient solutions for existing processes or new projectsPartners effectively with other departments to fully define analytics requirements for solving business problems, sometimes going beyond the initial ask of business colleaguesMentors less experienced co-workersEffectively works and communicates with Sr. Leadership to deliver analytical insightsMakes strategic recommendations to senior leadership based on data analysis

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in mathematics, statistics, computer science or business7+ years of relevant experienceMaster’s and/or Ph.D. in a technical discipline e.g., engineering, mathematics, statistics, finance/economics or business management) may replace a maximum of 2 years of experience.Extensive experience in data modeling and data warehouse modeling and ETL conceptsStrong knowledge of data visualization (OBIEE/OAC), ETL (ODI), relational databases and writing queries (SQL)

In addition to the above qualifications, the successful candidate will demonstrate:
Strong analytical skills to address business problemsAbility to manage multiple priorities and to clarify priorities, scope, and requirement in ambiguous situations

Thanks

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?
Full Benefits Package
10 Days PTO
10 Paid Holidays
401K
WHO ARE WE?
CEdge Software Consultants is an innovative IT consulting firm, and a strategic business partner. We offer IT solutions to Federal and State governments, as well as, Commercial Enterprises throughout the United States. Our main objective is to create an integrity-based culture that takes pride in working as a collaborative team that focuses on growth and is driven by the desire to provide purely ethical services for both our clients and teammates.11 West 19th Street (22008), United States of America, New York, New York
Software Engineer, Back End (Remote-Eligible)
Do you love building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs.
We are seeking Back End Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies. As a Capital One Software Engineer, you will be a part of an organization that ignites the delivery of common capabilities and services from the core of Capital One to be leveraged by our internal business customers across the bank (Card, Retail, Auto Loan). We are on a mission to fuel financial core modernization and abstraction by decoupling business applications from legacy core systems to ensure a resilient and performant ecosystem.
What You’ll Do:
Partner with a team of developers with experience in distributed microservices and back-end systems to create solutions that help meet regulatory needs for the company
Collaborate with and across Agile teams to design, develop, test, implement, and support technical solutions in back-end development tools and technologies
Share your passion for staying on top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, mentoring other members of the engineering community
Collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment
Utilize programming languages like Go, Java, Python, SQL, and NoSQL (Cassandra) databases, Container Orchestration services including Docker, and a variety of AWS tools and services
Perform unit tests and conduct reviews with other team members to make sure your code is rigorously designed, elegantly coded, and effectively tuned for performance
Capital One is open to hiring a Remote Employee for this opportunity.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
At least 2 years of professional software engineering experience (Internship experience does not apply)
Preferred Qualifications:
3+ years of professional experience in software/data engineering
3+ years of experience in at least one of the following: Golang, Java, Python or Scala
1+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Azure, or another cloud service
1+ years of experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, Spark, Hadoop, AVRO, MongoDB)
1+ years of experience of data warehousing with Snowflake or Redshift
1+ years of experience with streaming data applications in one of the following: Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, or Flink
2+ years of experience in open source frameworks
2+ years of experience in Agile practices
At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
No agencies please. Capital One is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, age, national origin, religion, physical and mental disability, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/assignment, citizenship, pregnancy or maternity, protected veteran status, or any other status prohibited by applicable national, federal, state or local law. Capital One promotes a drug-free workplace. Capital One will consider for employment qualified applicants with a criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws regarding criminal background inquiries, including, to the extent applicable, Article 23-A of the New York Correction Law; San Francisco, California Police Code Article 49, Sections 4901-4920; New York City’s Fair Chance Act; Philadelphia’s Fair Criminal Records Screening Act; and other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations regarding criminal background inquiries.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
Midlife isn't what it used to be, and that's a great thing. Our 30's, 40's, 50's+ are now years of growth, achievement, and exploration. Yet, we all still struggle with age-related declines in physical and mental performance. It doesn't have to be that way.
Launched in February 2022, Lifeforce is a performance-health company that makes midlife your peak life. We provide a single solution to track your key biomarkers and get information, nutraceuticals, hormone optimization, and coaching tailored to your body and your life. Lifeforce was launched in partnership with Tony Robbins, Dr. Peter Diamandis, M13, and some of the biggest influencers in the performance and longevity space. Tony and Peter's recent book on this topic (also called Life Force) is currently #1 on Amazon globally.
We are hiring a Front-End Software Engineer to join our product and engineering team, reporting directly to the VP of Engineering. As a Senior Front-End Software Engineer, you will be responsible for taking ownership of features, not simply completing tasks. You will help our team write incredible code, and integrate many systems to create informative and essential user experiences. This position represents an amazing opportunity for an ambitious Software Engineer with a passion for building exceptional digital products.
As our Senior Front-End Software Engineer, Your Responsibilities Will Include: 

Coding solutions with the Next.js framework
Developing UI components with Tailwind CSS
Creating user flows and landing page experiences
Participating in team standup calls and weekly planning meetings
Building workflows with our integration platform
Updating and maintaining site metadata and analytics tagging
Delivering software features to a production environment
Reviewing your co-worker’s code and providing constructive feedback
Testing your features locally and in the production environments
Writing code that adheres to team agreed on standards
Working with REST and GraphQL APIs to expose data
Aligning with the design teams on requirements
Understanding HIPAA compliance and adhering to the guidelines
Participating in team standup calls and weekly planning meetings
Communicating in a way that is inclusive and respectful
Coaching junior engineers and interns

You Will Love This Job If: 

You are interested in the cross-section of eCommerce and healthcare
You are concerned that the status quo of healthcare doesn’t help enough people
You pride yourself on creating interfaces that people understand and find compelling
You want to learn how medical technology is changing the lives of thousands of people, previously reserved for the ultra-wealthy
You want to work in your ideal location and not be tied to an office

You Should Get In Touch If: 

You are a considerate person who loves solving problems with technology
You are interested in building software with modern tools for a new company
You deliver solutions with code independently

What We Offer: 

A talented, creative, and High-EQ team
Competitive salary
Nationwide health, dental, and vision coverage
Remote work environment
Unlimited vacation/PTO policy
Company-supplied computer and office setup
Early-stage equity option plan

Important Instructions Regarding The Application Process - We will respond to all authentic applications!

Please start by applying here.
Send an email at applications@mylifeforce.com and include:
Your full name, Resume, links to your online profile, and a note about why you want to work with us at Lifeforce.

Our interview process: 

All interviews are held via Zoom with the camera on.
Interview 1 will be a brief 30-minute meeting and we will: Chat about you and your interest in Lifeforce, Assess communication and collaboration skills, and how you would add to our culture at Lifeforce.

*Interview 2 will be a technical interview that will take 90 minutes. We will set up an application and build a few features in a pair programming setting.
*Interview 3 will be with cross-functional team leaders that will take 30 minutes.
We will follow up with an additional technical interview and more team meetings if needed. We are looking forward to receiving your application!
Job Type: Full-time

NB: For the fastest response to any of our positions, apply directly on our website: acala.network/jobs
About the role
As a Fullstack Engineer at Acala your role will focus primarily on the design & development of new application interfaces, and associated backend functions, of our growing suite of DeFi apps. Examples of Products that you will work on include:
- Acala dApps, our DeFi suite for swapping, staking and earning on Polkadot
- Karura dApps, a sister suite for similar DeFi activities on Kusama
- AquaDAO, Acala’s upcoming decentralised Treasury Reserve protocol
You’ll be entering an Engineering team of almost 20 people, working remotely from 9 different countries, delivering production level code for something that we're all very determined to manifest into reality; open-sourced decentralised finance.
You won't be working alone. You'll have daily support from Bryan and Acala's Fullstack & Blockchain Engineering Team(s). The same teams that have built the protocols into what they are today. You can inspect some of their achievements here. If you're passionate about DeFi you'll quickly be able to contribute new development ideas to our ongoing projects. Nobody else will make your ideas into a reality, but we'll give you plenty of space to experiment.
Our ideal candidate will be an experienced Fullstack Engineer, familiar with most of the tools and frameworks listed below. But he/she will also have worked on or experimented with backend web services that interact with blockchain code before, albeit maybe not in a production environment. Some interview questions will focus on what you've learned in doing so, but please don't be intimidated - we’re very open to candidates of any experience level if they have a mature of interest in decentralised applications and the general concepts behind them.
Competitive Salary | Full Time | 12 month contract | Remote anywhere
What you'll do: 

Design & build new web2 products and features for the Acala & Karura dApps
Design & build new development tools for the underlying web3 protocols
Enhance our back-end web services that interact with other blockchains
Perform code reviews, help us maintain our documentation & QA processes
Work directly with Bryan and his Fullstack & Blockchain Engineering team(s) working remotely from 9 different countries around the globe
Work alongside Bette and her PMs to implement new features and tokenomic incentives into our existing applications and products

What it takes: 

Minimum 3 years experience in professional web app development
Solid understanding of the concepts behind blockchains & smart contracts
Strong understanding of the MERN foodchain; MongoDB > Node.js > React
A preference and proficiency for using Typescript as your primary language
Experience with other web2/web3 tools & frameworks like: PostGres, GraphQL, Mocha/Chai, web3.js & polkadot.js

What we offer

Competitive compensation, including digital payment options
Flexible working hours within Pacific timezones
Collaborative, transparent and empowering work culture
Meaningful work on creating better technologies for a fairer future
Opportunity to work in a multinational, high-performance team with diverse backgrounds

NB:  For the fastest response to any of our positions, apply directly on our website: acala.network/jobs
Our TeamWith approximately 50 full-time team members working across 8 different countries, our team is truly decentralised. We’re some of the leading blockchain innovators, Substrate & Rust engineers, full-stack dApp developers, & Economist Analysts. But we're just people like you, working from our shared desire for a fairer and more inclusive financial system, in direct contrast to the clear shortcomings of the current institutions that run our world.
About Acala
Acala's mission is to build and nurture the autonomous financial infrastructure of the decentralized web. Delivering on this mission will bring more financial accessibility, opportunity, and prosperity to everyone on the planet through a new, open financial system.
Our core project is the Acala Network itself, which we expect to become the de facto DeFi parachain and stablecoin of the Polkadot ecosystem. Polkadot provides the underlying trust primitives to our parachain, upon which we’ve built our suite of financial primitives including; decentralized, multi-collateral stablecoin; trustless staking derivatives, and Decentralized Exchange. These primitives will be used by us and other teams to power open DeFi innovations, and remove the need for the intermediaries that inhabit almost every conventional trust-based financial system.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $80,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Hi, we're Oscar. We're hiring a Software Engineer for Web / Mobile to join our Engineering team.

Oscar is the first health insurance company built around a full stack technology platform and a relentless focus on serving our members. We started Oscar in 2012 to create the kind of health insurance company we would want for ourselves—one that behaves like a doctor in the family.

About the role:
As an Oscar Engineer, you'll be joining a tight knit, passionate team of builders. We take pride in our ability to move quickly (deploys > 100/day), our small teams (engineers <= 5), and our willingness to tackle big problems (frequency == everyday).

This is a unique opportunity to have the resources and stability of an established technology company, but have the freedom and flexibility of a 20 person startup.

What we're actually doing:

The following is a list of projects our teams are currently working on:

Vitals alerting: Implement alerting on elevated vitals measurements from patients so clinicians can intervene and get patients care sooner
Virtual Primary Care (VPC) team management: Build tools for patient/doctor management to support the growth of our VPC offering
Hybrid visits: Extend our platform to support both Virtual and In-Person visits from our providers
Searchable benefit information: A search-based interface providing members with a complete, accurate, yet easy to understand view into how their plan works and what's covered.

You at Oscar

You care about what you do.
You care about what we do.
You are a self starter- you like being self led
You're willing and able to learn quickly, whether it be a new shiny technology or an arcane, ill-conceived data structure; our company may be new, but the health industry isn't!
You pride yourself on building high-quality, scalable applications, and user-facing experiences end-to-end.
You have at least 4 years of professional work experience.

Anything else is a bonus. We believe diversity is a key ingredient in building something great.

Oscar Tech Blog
This is an authentic Oscar Health job opportunity. Learn more about how you can safeguard yourself from recruitment fraud here.
Life at Oscar:

At Oscar, being an Equal Opportunity Employer means more than upholding discrimination-free hiring practices. It means that we cultivate an environment where people can be their most authentic selves and find both belonging and support. We're on a mission to change health care - an experience made whole by our unique backgrounds and perspectives.

We aim to make health care affordable and accessible for all, and apply this same vision to our perks and benefits, including: medical benefits, generous paid-time off, paid parental leave, retirement plans, company social events, stocked kitchens, wellness programs, and volunteer opportunities.

Pay Transparency Policy:

Oscar ensures that you won't be discharged or discriminated against based on whether you've inquired about, discussed, or disclosed your pay. Read the full policy here.

Reasonable Accommodation:

Oscar applicants are considered solely based on their qualifications, without regard to applicant's disability or need for accommodation. Any Oscar applicant who requires reasonable accommodations during the application process should contact the Oscar Benefits Team (accommodations@hioscar.com) to make the need for an accommodation known.

To protect the health and safety of our employees, we require any employee conducting in-person work* to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 by their start date. If you are unable to be vaccinated due to medical or protected religious reasons, please reach out to our Benefits team at accommodations@hioscar.com to submit an accommodations request.
Note: In-person work includes: employees required to work from our offices, employees conducting sales work in the field and employees conducting at-home or in-person visits with members.

Travel Required: None 
Requisition Type: Regular 

The Web Development and Applications Team is currently seeking a Full Stack Web Application Developer to assist with the modernization of the Compendium of Environmental Testing Laboratories (Lab Compendium) Application. The Lab Compendium currently uses ColdFusion MX6, some custom HTML and Javascript with an Oracle database. The ideal candidate would be a full stack developer capable of modernizing this application utilizing AngularJS or other responsive UI framework with an open-source database such as MySQL, Postgres, or similar.  The role will require frequent interactions with clients at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), on a large team, distributed across various locations in the U.S. The successful candidate for this role must be adept at both front-end and back-end development, responsive to customer needs and inquiries, and able to address or escalate emergent issues, as necessary. The selected candidate must be capable of self-direction with assigned work tasks as well as comfortable and familiar with best practices in remote work.
 Position Responsibilities: 

Develop application code and unit test in the AngularJS, Rest Web Services, Java, or similar technologies

 for the Application Development Center

Coding using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
Work with client-side development team to ensure optimal application function
Conduct performance testing
Advise client and other stakeholders regarding design and technical decisions for project
Perform product analysis and development tasks of increasingly complex nature, which may

 require extensive research and analysis

Consult with the design team
Create documentation for projects, bug fixes, etc. from clients
Communicate effectively with customers to design, plan, and develop large scale projects from the 


     ground up
    

Lead small teams of developers throughout the SDLC
Work in agile/scrum environments that include standups, JIRA boards, 2 weeks sprints, etc.



Thoroughly documents the software or system process for future maintenance and updates.
May provide guidance and work leadership to less-experienced analysts.

 DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
   
BA/BS (or equivalent experience)
5-7 years of related work experience
Knowledge of JavaScript MVVM/MVC frameworks including AngluarJS.
Proven experience implementing front-end and back-end JavaScript applications
Proficient in CSS, HTML, and writing cross-browser compatible code
Experience developing using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and AWS tools such as Fargate, Simple Storage Service (S3), Aurora, and Elastic container registry (ECR).
Availability to work during Eastern time “core hours” (8am-5pm).
Excellent oral and written communication and customer service skills, to provide regular status updates to project managers
Ability to work independently and consistently adhere to project/deliverable deadlines

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Prior experience with modernization of existing applications to a new framework.

 Technology Stack Requirements:

 Coldfusion MX6
 AngularJS
 Javascript MVVM/MVC framework
 AWS Tools (e.g. Fargate, Simple Storage Service (S3), Aurora, Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
 CSS, HTML


The likely salary range for this position is $77,875 - $130,062, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. 
View information about benefits and our total rewards program. 



About Our Work
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
COVID-19 Vaccination
 GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
 GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.



 Description 
 
 We are looking for an experienced backend developer to join our platform/infrastructure team. We are working on mission critical backend services that deal with a lot of requests and have high reliability requirements. What You Will DoCreate and support mission critical highly loaded (hundreds of thousands RPS and millisecond latency) and reliable services written in Go. Services are mostly infrastructure ones, but there are product one too (search services for example). We have millions of users and data centers across a globe.Support already existing services written in Go/C/C++.What Are We Looking ForExperience in writing backend services. Ideally with those that are connected with web technologies.Experience writing in C/C++ is a must. Experience writing in Go is a plus. If you don’t know Go yet, you can learn it.Experience writing for Linux. Understanding networks, containers, processes, memory management etc.Experience writing scalable and reliable services.Ability to work on a project without supervision from the beginning to the end: architecture, planning, discussion, execution, deployment, support.Understanding of a business needs.Written and spoken English. 
 
 Requirements 
 
 We are looking for an experienced backend developer to join our platform/infrastructure team. We are working on mission critical backend services that deal with a lot of requests and have high reliability requirements. What You Will DoCreate and support mission critical highly loaded (hundreds of thousands RPS and millisecond latency) and reliable services written in Go. Services are mostly infrastructure ones, but there are product one too (search services for example). We have millions of users and data centers across a globe.Support already existing services written in Go/C/C++.What Are We Looking ForExperience in writing backend services. Ideally with those that are connected with web technologies.Experience writing in C/C++ is a must. Experience writing in Go is a plus. If you don’t know Go yet, you can learn it.Experience writing for Linux. Understanding networks, containers, processes, memory management etc.Experience writing scalable and reliable services.Ability to work on a project without supervision from the beginning to the end: architecture, planning, discussion, execution, deployment, support.Understanding of a business needs.Written and spoken English. 
 
 Offer 
 
 We are looking for an experienced backend developer to join our platform/infrastructure team. We are working on mission critical backend services that deal with a lot of requests and have high reliability requirements. What You Will DoCreate and support mission critical highly loaded (hundreds of thousands RPS and millisecond latency) and reliable services written in Go. Services are mostly infrastructure ones, but there are product one too (search services for example). We have millions of users and data centers across a globe.Support already existing services written in Go/C/C++.What Are We Looking ForExperience in writing backend services. Ideally with those that are connected with web technologies.Experience writing in C/C++ is a must. Experience writing in Go is a plus. If you don’t know Go yet, you can learn it.Experience writing for Linux. Understanding networks, containers, processes, memory management etc.Experience writing scalable and reliable services.Ability to work on a project without supervision from the beginning to the end: architecture, planning, discussion, execution, deployment, support.Understanding of a business needs.Written and spoken English.


Any range of experience (5 years of experience to 30+ years of experience)
Embedded C - Software development, RTOS,
Avionics/Automotive - preferred, not mandatory, Open for Other domain exp as well.
Excellent Communication Skills

Job Type: Contract
Salary: $55.00 - $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Embedded software: 7 years (Preferred)
C, C++: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Careers across Quad are defined by a rich legacy of passionate people driven by innovation and motivated to find a better way. Here, you'll discover roles that provide the chance to help transform our business while overseeing our vast technology infrastructure. We leverage technology to help our clients and employees succeed, while providing firsthand service and support. Our values have guided us from day one, creating an intense pride in knowing that every day is an opportunity to thrill our clients, side-by-side with the larger community we all call Quad.
Quad/Graphics is currently seeking a Software Engineer Sr remote position for our Imaging Workflow development team. This is very challenging and rewarding work that offers outstanding long-term career opportunities. From an Information Technology standpoint, Quad/Graphics employs more than 200 people in software development, which primarily focuses on custom built solutions using the latest technology. New employees have early exposure to existing applications and the chance to interact with many areas of the business. Our work environment consists of smaller teams interacting together to create our integrated software solutions and provides individuals the opportunity for growth, interaction and partnerships with other smart and motivated people.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
Experience in managing/configuring prepress workflows using Dalim software (ES and Twist), required.
General prepress knowledge – fundamental understanding of file resolution, file size, color mode, image size, file format and file trapping
Understanding of Preflighting supplied files
General usage of the Adobe product Suite – Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, and Acrobat Pro
Coding, unit testing and debugging custom development environments centered around 3rd Party solutions
Actively contributing in a team setting to build, enhance, and support custom-developed software benefiting a wide array of manufacturing and administrative operations.
Strong problem-solving skills, a winning attitude, and a passion for software development are also required.
Previous software developer experience is preferred (may be in the form of an internship or consulting).
We operate in a full-stack environment, primarily involving third-party software.
Front-end user-interaction
Application function
Support Rotation, including after hours
System Interaction w/ Backend Services
Oracle/PostGres Database
Linux-system infrastructure administration
Javascript
Node.js
3rd party API integration via JSON RPC
Centrify API integration
Azure DevOps (Pipelines, Git, Project Management)
Additional Company Information
We offer excellent benefits to eligible employees, including 401(k), holidays, vacations and more.
Quad/Graphics is an equal employment opportunity employer. The Company’s policy is not to unlawfully discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, age, military or veteran status, disability, genetic information or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state, or local laws. The Company also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.
Drug Free Workplace
#LI-EK1


Staff Scala Engineer (Data Pipeline)


 Europe (remote, with UK HQ)



 Who are we...



 We are a team of engineers who want to get things done.
  


 Our open core behavioural data platform is used by data teams to drive a better understanding of their customers - the right way. The open-sourced data pipeline stack and tracking SDKs support teams to make key decisions on high quality, trusted data. We empower and actively encourage companies to own their data strategy and the data it creates. Data quality, privacy and security are our top priorities.
  


 Snowplow is a technical product, so our Engineering team is at the forefront of what we’re offering our customers and community. We have steadily grown the team over the last two years, following investment from Atlantic Bridge and MMC Ventures. Our aim through this growth has been to maintain, if not increase, our productivity from those early days. We focus on building autonomous teams of engineers who understand where they fit in the wider Engineering efforts and collaborate closely with our top team of Product Managers. That’s us in 164 words, but there is so much more we could tell you!
  


 The Opportunity...



 We’re looking for an experienced Scala Engineer to enhance and extend the capabilities of our open source data pipeline product. You’ll be solving the complex problems that come with building data pipelines that serve a wide variety of use cases. You’ll also be a key open source maintainer on our popular pipeline components and have the opportunity to make decisions that will affect our entire estate. You will be making data teams world over very happy.
  


 Our ethos is that we want the right people making the best decisions, and you can expect we’ll be asking you what you think. Our engineers take on a lot of responsibility. This includes product ownership, testing (automated wherever possible), route to live, etc. We are not micromanaged, we don’t throw our work over the fence. In learning about and taking on these responsibilities we believe we can make quicker decisions.
  


 You will be joining a wider team of 25+ remote engineers who work directly and closely with other teams in the business.. There is a huge opportunity at Snowplow to learn more about all aspects of engineering and data, from code to customers, and how to be the most productive and empowered version of you.
  


 What you’ll be doing...



 Enhancing the Snowplow data pipeline. Contributing to our open source projects and enhancing the capability of our data pipeline across AWS and GCP.
Working within the Scala ecosystem. You’ll primarily be working with purely functional Scala, along with with cats, cats-effect, fs2 and various other libraries mostly from Typelevel stack. Although you might also get a chance to explore other languages we often use such as Go or Python.
Looking after the route to live. You’ll be creating Docker images and writing the Terraform to automate the deployment process of hundreds of data pipelines.
Automation and Testing. Continue to improve our automation and testing experiences, extend our existing Github Actions CI/CD processes to make it easier to work and contribute to our projects.
Open Source. As one of Snowplow's open source maintainers, you’ll get to manage open source projects, plan and communicate our upcoming releases, engage with our users via slick documentation, create easy to understand READMEs and discuss problems with users through our forums.
Empowered. Working in a productive, empowered team. Most companies talk about the importance of this, but we’re really doing it. Come talk to us about how.



 We’d love to hear from you if...



 You have professional Scala Experience. You have experience working within the Scala ecosystem, even better if that experience is working with data or data pipelines.
You have used Cloud technologies. The Snowplow pipeline currently works on AWS and GCP, and soon Azure.


 You care about open source. You like the idea of working on open source projects and interacting with the developer community who use them.
  

You enjoy working remotely. Our remote team depends on expert collaborators to work effectively. You’ll be a great communicator and enjoy working closely with the team.
Experience working with data stacks. Previous experience in data is a plus, but most importantly you have an interest in data and how it empowers companies to make better decisions.
Security. Data security and integrity are fundamental to what we do, so you’ll need a solid understanding of security threats and how to overcome them.
Self motivated. You don’t wait to be told what to do. You can understand a problem, drive toward a solution and recognise when you need support or more direction.
Pragmatic. We can’t do everything today. You’ll be pragmatic in your approach to software delivery and balance our speed of learning with our commitment to providing a reliable and trusted service to customers.



 What you get in return for being awesome...



 A competitive package, including share options
Fantastic holiday allowance no matter where you are
Freedom to work from wherever suits you best
Cycle to work scheme if UK-based
Two fantastic company Away Weeks in a different European city each year 
Mental health support including therapy sessions
Work alongside a supportive and talented team with the opportunity to work on cutting edge technology and challenging problems
Grow and develop in a fast-moving, collaborative organisation
MacBook and home office equipment
Enjoy fun events organised by our Cultural Work Committee Convenient location in central London for those who want to work there / when you come to visit



 Please provide if you can -



 Links to previous projects, where available
  

    A few words about what you’re looking for in your next role
  

 Snowplow is dedicated to building and supporting a brilliant, diverse and hugely inclusive team. We don't discriminate against gender, race, religion or belief, disability, age, marital status or sexual orientation. Whatever your background may be, we welcome anyone with talent, drive and emotional intelligence



What we're looking for:An experienced full stack developer in the SAAS app space. We have an existing SAAS app that is used for training sales reps through formal training, gamification and dynamic audio visual content. We are seeking a developer to build a new functionality and port old functionality into modern codebase.
Requires experience with:

Experience with developing responsive SPA's
Strong Angular 11 and up experience a must
Strong communication skills
Node.js experience
Typescript experience
Some experience with Google Firestore is a plus
Experience with Functional Programming concepts is a plus
Experience with Material Design & UX Patterns is a plus
Some experience with React/Redux is a plus

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $84,522.00 - $165,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

REST: 5 years (Preferred)
Angular: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
We're not your traditional tech company and we don't aim to be. Going against the grain is in our DNA. Building a revolutionary product begins with revolutionary thinking. That's why we value diversity of background and lived experience. Together, we empower restaurants of all sizes to build great teams, increase revenue, improve operations, and delight their guests. We pair our deep understanding of the restaurant industry with powerful cloud based software and restaurant-grade hardware to deliver an intuitive all-in-one platform. Join us on our mission to empower the restaurant community to delight guests, do what they love, and thrive.

Bready* to make a change?

Toast is building out a New Ventures business unit with the goal of researching, developing, and eventually scaling a new generation of products and business lines that can have a substantial impact on Toast's long-term growth. In this unique role, you will be one of the founding engineers on one of our New Venture teams. In this early stage, no product, platform, or code beyond early prototypes exist yet. If you are the type of engineer who loves building from scratch, this could be the perfect job for you.

On the New Ventures Retail team, we are expanding Toast's platform to work in retail locations. We work with some of the most innovative concepts around, mixing food and retail. Think wine bar and markets, pizzeria + liquor store, and boardgame cafés! We are led by two startup founders and thrive on rapid build-measure-learn feedback loops and listening to the customer at all stages of the product process. We are looking for a motivated engineer to help build this product from the ground up.

About This Roll* (Responsibilities)

Work closely with the leads to identify high-impact opportunities
Plan, scope and rapidly prototype solutions using a combination of web technologies
Make technical decisions and recommendations that will lay the foundation for the future of our strategy
Stay in tune with customer needs by participating in user interviews and research

Do you have the right ingredients*? (Qualities & Essential Skills)

5+ years of experience developing web applications using React and other JS frameworks
Familiarity implementing designs provided by high-fidelity UX mocks in Figma, Sketch, etc.
Experience shipping and maintaining testable code bases
Passionate about making users happy and seeing people use your product in the wild.
Ability to embrace the agile mindset and understand that sometimes we need to ship features quickly and clean up the code later.
Comfortable with testing methodologies and frameworks
High standards and an eye for detail


Our Spread of Total Rewards

Unlimited Vacation
Sabbatical opportunity after five years
Professional Development Reimbursement Program
Commitment to Employee Wellness through resources such as a quarterly Wellness Stipend
Various peer and company recognition programs
401(k) and matching
Medical, Dental, & Vision Coverage
Mental Health Benefits
Subsidized backup childcare

Bread puns encouraged but not required


#LI-REMOTE
We are Toasters

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is Baked into our Recipe for Success.

At Toast our employees are our secret ingredient. When they are powered to succeed, Toast succeeds.

The restaurant industry is one of the most diverse industries. We embrace and are excited by this diversity, believing that only through authenticity, inclusivity, high standards of respect and trust, and leading with humility will we be able to achieve our goals.

Baking inclusive principles into our company and diversity into our design provides equitable opportunities for all and enhances our ability to be first in class in all aspects of our industry.

Bready* to make a change? Apply today!

Toast is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive hiring process. As part of this commitment, we strive to provide reasonable accommodations for persons with disabilities to enable them to access the hiring process. If you need an accommodation to access the job application or interview process, please contact accommodations@toasttab.com.

For roles based in the United States: As part of our commitment to the health and safety of our employees and their families, all individuals entering our US workspaces are required to provide proof of full vaccination against COVID-19 unless they have an approved medical or religious accommodation.
PRIMARY PURPOSE & ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES: 
The Full-Stack Software Developer reports directly to the Software Development Manager and is responsible for investigating and presenting emerging technologies, identifying new product opportunities, establishing parameters for product development and design, analyzing complex software development requirements, and designing and preparing complex detailed specifications, based on regulated procedures, from which programs will be written or enhanced to meet specified needs. The essential job duties include:

Participates as a critical team member in sprint teams using Jira tools and code repositories.
Develops, maintains and modifies existing applications: self-directed with guidance from senior staff members.
Designs and codes applications/interfaces following specifications using the appropriate tools and adhering to established methodology and standards.
Creates and maintains regulated documentation including specifications for moderately complex software programming applications.
Creates and conducts unit testing of new and modified applications.
Participates in code reviews and approvals to ensure sprint work adheres to established standards and specifications.
Performs custom programming using client and internal user stories and acceptance criteria to meet established requirements and stakeholder approval.
Analyzes and documents product anomaly investigation and reviews enhancement requests.

OTHER JOB DUTIES: 
This position will participate with other staff members to contribute to and support the corporate goals, business plan, standard operating procedures and Corporate Quality Policy, and thus requires personal and professional integrity and work ethics. Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE: 

4+ years of experience in full stack development with core competencies in Java, algorithm design and implementation. Object-oriented design principles and patterns. Must have a working knowledge of APIs, modern web frameworks and relational databases.
Working knowledge of Agile methodology desirable.
Working knowledge of JIRA, Confluence desirable.
Experience in JavaScript, Vue.js, Spring framework, MySQL, microservices, Cloud development is a big plus.
A regulatory, medical device or healthcare background desirable.

EDUCATION: 

A BA/BS in computer science or related field or equivalent.
Additional relevant experience above the minimum may be accepted in lieu of education.

About BBCS:
Blood Bank Computer Systems, Inc. (BBCS) is located in Auburn, WA with a mission to serve the health care industry around the country through integrated technologies and unwavering support solutions. BBCS currently supports the blood and tissue industry in 18 states.
BBCS is looking for positive, passionate people to join our team. We offer competitive benefit packages including: Health Benefits, Profit Sharing, 401k matching, Paid Time Off, and the employee favorite, half day Fridays during the summer.
Benefit Conditions:

Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible

This Company Describes Its Culture as:

Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $63,000.00 - $72,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


About
We are a series-A startup building perception systems for autonomy. We are based in the San Francisco Bay Area, funded by NEA (https://www.nea.com/), and our core team includes faculty entrepreneurs (Stanford and UC Santa Barbara) and industry veterans (Uber, Apple, Amazon Lab126, Rohde & Schwarz), who have successfully shepherded signal processing and machine learning innovations to large-scale software for location improvement and safety at Uber, led the development of state-of-the-art computer vision technologies that shipped over millions of Amazon devices, and delivered zero-to-one product experiences at Uber and Box. Our core product grew out of 5+ years of university R&D by our co-founders. You can find out more about us by visiting our website (https://www.plato.systems/).
Our mission and team expertise spans beyond software to advanced sensor systems, algorithms, embedded systems, signal processing, and machine learning. Our team is building and deploying edge software and cloud services for real-time customer facing products as well as internal big data tools. We look for people with a depth of expertise and experience in one of these areas, and with the intellectual curiosity for interacting with, learning from, and teaching world-class experts in areas outside their expertise.
We currently have multiple full-time opening in the areas of computer vision and machine learning. The candidates will join a multi-disciplinary team of scientists and engineers and work on a full stack of developing cutting edge Computer Vision (CV) and Machine Learning (ML) methods based on data from a variety of sensors. This position is open to both on-site and remote candidates (including Canada).
Responsibilities

Research, design, develop and evaluate advanced image processing and computer vision algorithms for a real-time computer vision pipeline including but not limited to camera calibration, multi-object tracking, object detection and classification, segmentation, and multi-sensor fusion
 Maintain and improve our existing in-house algorithms and models, including continuous evaluation, gap analysis, re-training and fine tuning.
 Develop state of the art deep learning networks and architectures across data from multiple sensors; Tasks include training, evaluating, benchmarking and deployment into real-time pipelines
 Optimize algorithm performance across a wide range of development platforms and embedded systems
 Develop evaluation scripts to process large data and accurately measure algorithmic and end to end performance.

Basic Qualifications

PhD in CV/ML with 1+ years of industry experience or MS in CV/ML with 2+ years of industry experience
 Strong Python/C++ programming, familiarity with software development best practices, debugging/profiling
 Understanding of stereo / multi view geometric computer vision and classical computer vision for natural scene images
 Hands-on experience with OpenCV, PIL, and other image processing libraries
 Hands-on experience with at least one main stream deep learning framework such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, and ONNX
 Experience with writing production level code
 Familiarity with data science toolkit such as jupyter lab/notebooks, pandas, bash scripting, Linux environment
 Self motivated
 Excellent problem solving skills
 Excellent communication skills


Preferred Qualifications

Prior experience with multi-sensor calibration and multi-view geometry
 Hands-on experience with different neural network architectures (CNNs, RNNs, etc.) as well as specific approaches for classification, segmentation, and object detection (Mask-RCNN, SSDs, EfficientDet, …) and common datasets (CoCo, Kitti, nuScenes,...)
 Solid software engineering foundation and a commitment to writing clean, well architected code
 Familiarity with various physical aspects of sensors including cameras and Lidars


Publications in major CV/ML conferences and journals


Statistical modeling, analysis, and significance testing
 Experience with edge computing (NVidia Jetson family, Raspberry Pi, ML accelerators) and coding for resource-constrained compute environments




About Buildout
 In 2010 Buildout pioneered commercial real estate (CRE) marketing automation. Today, with over 35,000 brokers and with 12 of the top 20 brokerages counted as customers, Buildout continues to be the leader in CRE marketing automation in addition to recently launching valuable, integrated back-office workflow and customer relationship management (CRM) solutions. Developed in close collaboration with our customers, Buildout allows brokerages to bring their expertise to every stage of their deals all from within one platform. Our vision is that CRE dealmaking will be tech-powered, but human-led. Ask us about our company meetings for an example, and learn more about who we are, what we do, and why we're changing the face of CRE tech on our website: https://buildout.com/.
 The Opportunity
 Headquartered in Chicago with employees distributed across the country, we're a fast-growing tech company that achieves our vision through our commitment to our Team, our Customers, our Product, and the continuous pursuit of Quality. It is our intention to create exceptional, easy to use, high quality products that lead the Commercial Real Estate industry into the future and delight our customers.
 To achieve these intentions, our software teams work closely with their product team members to build and improve our industry-leading commercial real estate CRM products. We are looking for someone to:

Create the next generation of CRM software within Commercial Real Estate
Build and maintain elegant and easy-to-use integrations between our marketing platform and existing CRM options (Rethink, Apto, Lite CRM)

How You'll Contribute at Buildout

Consistently and quickly build and launch excellent software by:
Understanding our customers and their needs Engineering elegant and practical solutions Iterating on and polishing your work to meet the standards for Buildout Quality 
Help your team lead break large projects and requirements into smaller components and estimate that work so everyone can easily work on them. Long, costly and wasteful IPMs are not encouraged here.
Work with your team's Product Manager and UX Designer to ensure everyone is on the same page and the user experience is consistently great
Coach and mentor your more junior team mates by performing thorough and timely code reviews, pairing on difficult issues to share knowledge and drive accountability, and delivery excellent software on a timely basis to lead by example
Set and achieve Buildout sponsored personal and professional goals with your team lead and the VP of Engineering

What You'll Bring to Buildout

2+ years of product software development experience within a SaaS company, or the ability to demonstrate you've learned enough in less time to still be a great engineer and valuable team member
Solid cross-team and cross-functional communication skills
A love of software engineering, design, documentation, testing, and automation
Pluses, but not required:
Commercial Real Estate experience Cool personal projects you'd like to share and chat about 

What are the technical skills that you'll need to succeed?
 We are looking for a full-stack engineer. However, "full-stack" can mean a lot these days, so here is what we're looking for specifically:
 Ruby/Rails: We're a Ruby shop here at Buildout, so a deep knowledge of Rails is going to help you get up and running quickly. Our app uses all of the standard Rails goodness you know and love, as well as a lot of additional tools for design, business logic, and background jobs. If you like to learn new skills, you're going to fit in really well.
 Javascript: Our front-end relies heavily on Javascript. We currently have a mix of core features written using vanilla ES5 and React, but are focusing on ES6 and React for all future front-end work. We are looking for people with a strong working Javascript base who want to keep finding and working with the best new tools.
 Testing: Is testing a natural part of your process? If so, you'll be appreciated here. We are actively building out our test suite and providing ample team resources to make sure that everything we create is tested and rock-solid. Our test suite uses RSpec for most of our Rails work.
 Other Web Tech: We use git for source control, Slim for our view templates, lightly customized Bootstrap for our CSS, MySQL and AWS. If you're really passionate about some new technology, we'd love to hear about it.

 We know there are great candidates who won't check all of these boxes, and we also know you might bring important skills that we haven't considered. If that's you, don't hesitate to apply and tell us about yourself.
 We are based in Chicago, but this is a remote-friendly role open across most of the US.  The salary range for this position is $96,000 to $131,000.


 Perks & Benefits
 We built a benefits program to match the quality of our team. This program includes:

Impactful insurance and benefit options, including covering 100% of employee health insurance premiums, FSA plan, STD, LTD, life insurance, and telemedicine
Policies that support a healthy work/life balance, including generous PTO, paid parental leave, and give back days
401(k) with 4% company match and immediate vesting
An office in Chicago for those who prefer an office setting, plus a monthly remote work reimbursement
Challenging problems to solve with a committed and supportive team who are invested in your growth and development
A wonderfully quirky culture where you're encouraged to bring your whole self to work



 Buildout is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, marital status, order of protection status, citizenship status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
 If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@buildout.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information and we will consider your request.
 Below, you will be asked to complete identity information for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). It is required by law that we ask these questions using the format provided by the EEOC. However, we want you to know that at Buildout, we understand that gender is not binary and welcome people of all identities.
 For more information about our privacy practices please visit our Privacy Policy. California residents have additional rights and should review the Additional Disclosures for California Residents section in our Privacy Policy.



Job Title: :IT Software Engineer 3 OR C# .Net Full Stack Developer
Contract: 18 months
Location: Newport News, VA
End Client: Federal
Visa: Only US Citizen can apply ( locals are welcome)
Remote work is an option in lieu of being onsite: Yes 
Description/Comment: Position Summary / Responsibilities
Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs IT applications software and systems. Collaborates with IT systems designers and/or engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes IT system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures IT software standards are met.
KnowledgeComplete understanding and wide application of technical principle, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines.
Problem SolvingProvide technical solutions to a wide range of complex difficult problems. Solutions are imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent with organization objectives.
Discretion / LatitudeWorks under only general direction. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives.
ImpactContributes to the completion of specific programs and projects. Failure to obtain results or erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in serious program delays and considerable expenditure of resources.
LiaisonFrequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts. Represents the organization in providing solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects.
Minimum QualificationsBachelor of Science DegreeMinimum Years of Experience Other5 yearsMaster's degree and 3 years of relevant experience. PhD and 0 years of experience.Hours: Location: 1 Newport News VA 23607 United StatesEducation:Additional Job Details:Organization Distribution:Owning Organization: Manufacturing & Industrial Technologies, Inc (HII) Organization Distribution:Customer Defined Fields:Security ClearanceSpecial RequirementsWhat are the top 3 items the Hiring Manager is looking for? C# .Net Full Stack Developer with experience in JavaScript UI frameworks (Angular, React, ect) connected to .Net based APIs.
Preferred experience with:Visual Studio 2022.Net 6Angular 13gRPCIBM Mainframe development with Cobol and Fortran (optional)Why is this position open / needed? These positions are needed to support the mainframe retirement project.Clearance Level Not ApplicableWill this position require travel? NoYardwide Access NoRequired PPEIs there an elevator in the main work site building? Yes
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $54.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

C#: 5 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Preferred)
UI frameworks: 5 years (Preferred)
Visual Studio 2022: 1 year (Preferred)
.NET: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Found is a modern weight care platform and community focused on integrated support. According to a recent CDC study, nearly 50% of Americans want to lose weight, and on average, Americans have gained 30 lbs during the pandemic. But the existing weight loss industry focuses on shame - if you don't have the willpower to eat less and workout more, you aren't trying hard enough.

Modern science shows us that weight care is complex - food and movement are important, but so are hormones, genetics, sleep, stress, mental health, and daily habits. Found's unique approach incorporates personalized coaching, an online community, and if indicated, medical and prescription solutions.

Research shows that addressing weight health reduces the long-term risk of diabetes, heart disease, and some forms of cancer. We believe in giving our community tools that will help them add years to their lives and reach their goals. We believe it's not just what you've lost, it's what you've Found. Found has raised more than $130mm from leading investors, including Atomic, GV, WestCap, IVP, TCG, Define Ventures and more.
The Opportunity

We are looking for a few exceptional software engineers to help us build out our mobile application experience that drives the foundation of the Found program.


What You'll Do

Work with design and product to build a first class mobile experience that combines the best aspects of telehealth, health coaching, and social networks
Be part of the first few mobile hires at Found with the ability to own massive swaths of our mobile app which is core to our success
Help build and contribute to a high-performance engineering culture

What You Have

Professional software engineering experience developing mobile applications
Familiarity and passion for working with React Native
Passion for working in a rapidly growing business with curiosity, humility, humor, and professionalism
Experience working cross-functionally with other engineers, product managers, and designers
A team oriented personality, bias to action, excellent communication skills
A strong work ethic and the desire to work at an early stage startup
A desire to improve yourself and be a positive influence on those around you
An instinctive desire to write quality code, the humility to understand and improve existing code, and the judgment to make tradeoffs between elegance and efficiency

Bonus Points

Previous experience building health/wellness or social/community based applications
Previous experience working on applications with 100k+ MAUs
Full stack experience working with Node.js
What You'll Get
Competitive compensation
Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
PTO, company-paid holidays, parental leave
401K, wellness and wifi perks
Flexible, remote-first work culture

Found is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We seek and celebrate diversity in its many forms. If you're excited about this opportunity but do not meet 100% of the qualifications, we encourage you to apply.

Please review our CCPA policies.

Job Summary:
 This position at Data Society will entail a variety of software engineering skills but primarily focus on cloud engineering and architecture. You will be part of a small software engineering team building both internal tools and customer applications that use data science to solve challenging problems in a variety of business and government domains. Salary will be commensurate with experience, and you start with immediate full benefits including health insurance, a matching 401k, and unlimited PTO. For the right applicant, this is a remote position.

 Responsibilities:

 Design and assemble from a blank slate the cloud and other systems that will support our internal and external customers.
 Analyze, design and develop tests and test-automation suites.
 Work with cloud computing software and platforms including AWS, SQL, Snowflake, and various team tools like Jira and Slack.
 Design and develop a processing platform using various configuration management technologies.
 Test software development methodology in an agile environment.
 Provide ongoing maintenance, support and enhancements in existing systems and platforms.
 Collaborate cross-functionally with data scientists, business users, project managers and other engineers to achieve elegant solutions.
 Provide recommendations for continuous improvement.
 Work alongside other engineers on the team to elevate technology and consistently apply best practices.


 Skills you bring:

 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems or related technical discipline.
 Deep understanding of system development in cloud environments, including Software as Service (SaaS), Platform as Service (PaaS), or Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS).
 Demonstrated ability to program in modern languages like Java, Python or others. Overall programming experience rather than any specific language is what we're looking for.
 Linux (or Mac) command line experience along with bash or equivalent skills.
 Relational database development, schema design.
 Ability to independently seek out and learn new open source technologies.
 Ability and interest in working with cloud technologies (AWS/GCP/Azure).
 Familiarity with using and creating REST APIs.


 Affirmative Action/EEO statement
 At Data Society, we don’t just accept differences - we celebrate them, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products, and our community. Data Society is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

 We do not accept unsolicited resumes from third party recruiters.
 
PTjJsId0w8


Candidate has to be on our W2.
Has to be 

US citizen, Green Card, EAD towards Green Card, H4 EAD, TN visa

Title: Security Consultant/ DevSec Ops/ Cloud security 
Must-Have Skills: 

developing security solutions on AWS cloud and applying the cloud native security services
Understand identity concepts - SAML, JWT, Oauth etc.
Prefer they know many cloud security products
Cloud firewalls & network segmentation rules.
Cloud API Gateway Security Policies
Cloud Web Application Firewall
SIEM loggin
NW security background will be good
Dish uses third party tools
security frameworks and processes - CIS, NIST, PCI/DSS. SOCI/II, etc

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Creator Deck is a cutting edge marketing and media company. Launched in 2008, we are pioneers in the high growth influencer industry, now serving some of the most prestigious brands in apparel, beauty, beverage, and arts & crafts. In everything we do, we are shaped by our core values: to Show Care, Build Credibility, Make an Impact, Think Towards the Future, and Be Genuine.
The TeamAs a minority-founded women-lead company, Creator Deck was founded to create an authentic, fair, empathetic, and diverse space for creativity and collaboration. These elements have remained core to us as we’ve grown. When bringing in new teammates, we look for people who can think disruptively and meet challenges with a fierce creative spirit. Our team unites a diverse group of people, coming from various backgrounds, who enjoy the collaborative, creative processes that goes into making anything - from a single post, to a comprehensive marketing strategy, to a fully fledged brand. We have three offices in San Francisco, New York, and Los Angeles, but as we navigate these turbulent times most of our team is working remotely and we’re open to new teammates anywhere in the US.
The RoleWe’re seeking a Full Stack engineer to work on our expanding SaaS platform.
Tech StackNext.js/React, AWS, GraphQL, Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, Heroku
What we expect from you

Place high priority on what’s best for the customer and the team
Take responsibility for owning technology innovation and troubleshooting
Utilize strong listening and team collaboration skills
Take ownership of project timelines

Qualifications

At least 3 years of full stack development experience in Ruby on Rails
Experience with React a plus
Experience being actively involved creating setting infrastructure roadmaps and technical design strategy
Dev ops experience a plus
Familiar with working in a small team environment

Why you’ll love this job: 

Your ideas will be debated, executed or maybe tossed out. But they will always be heard.
You’ll work with smart people who are driven by results
You’ll work with a leadership team who believe in transparency and meritocracy
You’ll be stepping into a leadership role that will accelerate your career
Benefits including flexible work hours, competitive salaries, paid time off, medical, dental, & vision insurance, and much more
Work from one of our hubs in SF, LA, or NYC, or remotely from anywhere in the US

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Please provide a $5 - $10k range for the base salary you expect.

Experience:

React: 2 years (Required)
Ruby on Rails: 2 years (Required)
Full-stack development: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Multiple Locations
Job Description

The SDV Security Engineer (Software Defined Vehicle) is part of GM's Product Cybersecurity technical staff responsible for security design of GM's new software defined vehicle architecture. The SDV Security Engineer work assignment involves defining security requirements, performing evaluation of security designs, and driving a validation plan for responsible requirements. Work involves independent judgement, high level of analytical capability and an initiative to collaborate and contribute to the success of the team.

Additional Job Description

Tasks and responsibilities include:

Act as subject matter expert for product cybersecurity focused on specific aspects of automotive hardware, firmware, operating system, network protocols and configurations
Actively participate in technical and security design discussions, security reviews and investigations
Research and define new tools, processes, and technical security specifications to aid advancement of security design and development across the product
Develop and support development of prototypes quickly to demonstrate and evolve internal product security proposals, and aid with recommendations to bring the product from concept to production
Collaborate with SDV Security Architect and security subject matter experts to author security requirements specifications, architecture and data flow diagrams, risk mitigation and threat models, and validation plans
Act as a consultant to guide teams through the implementation and updates of security controls, configuration and/or software features
Stay abreast of new security technology and competitive products to define GM's direction
Encourages ongoing skill development by providing opportunities for continued education

Required Skills / Experience / Education

Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent
3+ years of experience in product cybersecurity, application security, security engineering, or embedded software engineering
5+ years of development experience in Linux, Unix and embedded platforms with multiple programming languages (such as C/C++, Java, Ruby, Python, Perl, etc.)
Strong demonstrable knowledge of system architecture, crypto, network security and communication protocols
Practice with risk assessment, risk management methodologies, threat modeling and vulnerability ranking
Knowledge of System and Agile Software Development Processes and Lifecycles for product development #LI - Remote

The median level of salary compensation for this position is 113,760.

Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.

Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more.

About GM

Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.

Why Join Us

We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.

Benefits Overview

The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values;
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.

Diversity Information

General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.

Our company was originated on a simple idea: to leave everything a little better than we found it. In 1985, Greg Geiser founded Wedgewood with the purpose of doing just that - revitalizing communities, one home at a time. These days, we have continued to expand that goal of helping others. Whatever life changes may be going on, whatever the story is, we are here to simplify the home sale process.  Why you should apply:
 Wedgewood offers our team members a competitive compensation, 401K, and traditional benefits like medical, dental, and vision. We also have many additional perks:

 INVEST WITH US -With Wedgewood’s In-house Investment Programs, you get to participate in the growth and profitability of the company through our in-house investment programs.
 STUDENT LOAN PAYDOWN -Wedgewood recognizes the importance of quality education so we have partnered up with Gradifi to assist you with your student loans.
 MAKE A DIFFERENCE - This is a great place to contribute to the community! Through our volunteer service, sustainable initiatives, charitable giving, and work with local universities, Wedgewood provides opportunities throughout the year for its employees to give back to the community for the greater good.
 WORK HARD – PLAY HARD - You can expect to get invited to various company sponsored events throughout the course of the year. Past events have included sporting events, happy hour, parking lot BBQs, bowling and bocce ball tournaments, office theme parties, and more.

 About the role:
 100% REMOTE POSITION. The Junior .NET Azure Software Developer to help manage and provide daily support of our mission critical business applications. The candidate will participate in requirements gathering sessions and work alongside other developers to enhance existing applications to support the growing needs of the business. The individual should have experience with all layers of a web application, SQL skills, and knowledge of Software Design Patterns and best practices.
 What you'll do:


 Participate in requirements analysis
 Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture
 Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages
 Revise, update, refactor and debug code
 Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
 Provide technical support

 What you'll need:


 Bachelor’s degree in information technology, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related fields preferred or equivalent experience
 3 or more years of programming experience
 C# in .Net Framework or Core development experience
 Experience with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC)
 Understanding software architecture, data structures, and algorithms
 Understands quality code and architecture
 Understanding of Agile methodologies
 Troubleshooting and communication skills
 Attention to detail


    Wedgewood occupies 50,000 square feet in a state of the art headquarters in Redondo Beach, California and has been named Company of the Year by the city. Wedgewood has additional office locations in Las Vegas and Dallas, and along with smaller offices throughout the country.
   
 Wedgewood is an Equal Opportunity Employer and welcomes applications from all suitably qualified persons regardless of their race, sex, disability, religion/belief, sexual orientation or age.
   

APPLY TODAY, Let’s start your future with Wedgewood!
  


Job DescriptionPrimary duty involves design work, specifically designing a tailored solution in order to meet a specific client request using automation technologies. In addition to the work of a more senior automation engineer, this position will coach more junior level engineers on best automation practices and techniques
Duties & Responsibilities: 
Primary duty involves design work, specifically designing a tailored solution in order to meet a specific client request using automation technologies.
Frequently anticipates problems and analyzes ways to mitigate the risk.Articulates the business value and impact of advanced technical and non-technical information and understands when to escalate issues.
Provides effective production support including accurate problem identification, ticket documentation and customer/vendor dialogue
Documents small-to medium-scale projects and delivers presentations with minimal supervision.Dissects complex situations and refocuses on critical technology tasksCoaches teams on best automation practices techniques. Leads other automation engineers thru tactical problems.
Required Qualifications: 
5 plus years technical experienceExperienced in Test Automation, Selenium, Java, API, UIMust have a high degree of technical expertise/professional mastery to recommend process improvements
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible spending account
Health savings account
Life insurance
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Tuition reimbursement

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Software testing: 3 years (Preferred)
Selenium: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Advanced Systems Design is seeking a Jr. Developer for our client. This is a 100% remote opportunity to work alongside the federal government.
Job Overview:
A Developer must have experience in analyzing customer needs and developing the overall concept and design objectives. The developer must be able to create software in a variety of programming and for a variety of IT software applications. You’ll analyze the needs and the environment to make sure the solution you’re developing considers the current architecture and operating environment, as well as future functionality and enhancements.
Required Qualifications:

2+ years of professional experience with service orientation concepts and enabling technologies
2+ years of professional experience in Software Development and Implementation
2+ years of professional experience in debugging and correcting errors in computer programs.
1+ year(s) of professional experience using Agile methodologies, system architecture, and object-oriented software design, REST, SOAP Web Services, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, Spring, RDBMS (Oracle, SQL), WebLogic, JPA/Hibernate, and Java EE
Software development skills, including design, development, testing, deployment, and support
Ability to obtain VA Medium-Background Investigation clearance

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with rule and BPM engines
Experience with REST API (RESTful API)
Experience with GitHub, Jira, Confluence
Experience with Ansible and Terraform
Experience with REACT and Python

Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, electronics engineering, or another technical discipline. 8 years of additional experience may be substituted for education.
Advanced Systems Design, Inc. is: 

A leading Information Technology provider for Federal, State & Local government agencies.
A certified minority-owned small business government contractor with capabilities related to Public Health IT, Criminal Justice, Transportation, and Defense.
A certified service-disabled veteran-owned company with a proud 37+ year track record of providing successful innovative solutions for our government customers.
A drug-free workplace in accordance with the Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988. Applicants who have a signed offer of employment or contractor agreement are subject to:
the pre-employment testing protocol:
background investigation
drug screening
pre-employment consequences portion of the ASD Drug-Free Workplace Policy

Our Employees: 

Are actively working on next-generation technology projects with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, and a wide array of Federal, State, and Local agencies throughout the United States
Are eligible for wide-ranging benefits and perks, including but not limited to:
Comprehensive Health Insurance with PPO and HDHP/HSA options
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Short/Long-Term Disability
Group Life Insurance - Company Paid
Voluntary Life Insurance
401(k) Plan with Employer Match
Paid Time Off (Vacation/Sick)
Holiday Pay - Company Paid Federal Holidays
Tuition Assistance
Professional Certification Incentive Plan
Employee Referral Plan
Technology Exposure

For additional information regarding Advanced Systems Design, please check out our website at: www.asd-web.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software development: 2 years (Required)
Agile: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote




    Encoura’s success is directly a function of talent. We are serious about hiring the best talent possible in creating our crew that is incredibly passionate and dedicated to building the next-gen ecosystem of systems and products that will improve the student experience across the entire college and career planning lifecycle.
   


 We are looking for an experienced hands-on Senior Software Engineer to join a small, distributed team of engineers. You’ll work closely with Engineering and Product Leadership as you build your craft alongside other senior developers in small scrum teams. You will bring a continuous improvement mentality to the role, always on the lookout for ways to make things better across the company and within your own scope of responsibility.
   


 Company Overview


     Encoura is transforming the way students connect with opportunities as they move through high school into post-secondary opportunities. Our mission is to empower students and institutions to create meaningful connections so students can make the most informed decisions to achieve their goals. Most recently, the company has evolved its product technology stack and services to better address the future path of students enabling easy connectivity to their opportunities.
   


 Our Encoura platform provides custom technology solutions that combine Eduventures’ research, data science, strategic enrolment and multichannel marketing services to over 2,000 higher ed institutions. The company also offers the Encourage™ mobile app for students—the nation’s largest free college and career planning program used by millions of high school students and educators nationwide.
   



A day in the life of a Senior Software Engineer

 Working with Engineering and Product Team leads, propel the team through agile development of web apps, mobile apps, libraries and frameworks, connecting with graphQL microservices. As a Senior Engineer, you’ll be very involved in the overall architecture of the system you’re working on while learning our existing technical stack. Collaborate within your team while attending grooming sessions and mentoring others as needed to move the team forward. Promote a work environment that is highly collaborative and team-centric. Enhance, refactor, and continuously improve the codebase. Keep management informed of project progress and problems, particularly as to needed changes in schedule, resources, or product scope. Communicate effectively with technical and non-technical people





Role progression

 In your 1st month, you will be learning about our business, processes, and recommended tech stack. You will immediately be working hands-on with our technology and getting to know your team. Within 3 months, you will be participating in planning & development activities and beginning to look at infrastructure designs, CI/CD pipelines and carrying out code reviews for the team. Within 6 months you should be taking ownership of the application architecture, production troubleshooting, working on cross-portfolio projects and releasing software with the team. Within 1 year you will be fully immersed in the SDLC, providing technical leadership to your team and building bulletproof products whilst actively engaging in process optimization.





About you

 You hold a BS in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, or equivalent work experience. A relevant Master’s degree is a plus. You have 2+ years experience building software applications understanding the full scope of the app including the front and back- end topology. You have 2+ years experience working with GraphQL (Apollo), NodeJS and preferably using a framework such as NestJS. You have 2+ years experience building web applications with React, Material UI, NextJS, and Typescript. You are advanced with Docker and setting up local dev environments. You have a presence on Github with your own portfolio of projects to share and demonstrate. You’ve worked with a technology stack similar to ours: AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Linux, macOS, Windows, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server, Redis, ElasticSearch, MongoDB, Javascript, ReactJS, NodeJS, Python, DataDog, GitHub, JIRA and Confluence. Past Windows.NET and Microsoft stack experience is a plus. You’re used to working in an iterative-based development environment using Agile/Scrum/Sprints. You are always thinking, “what happens if this fails?” You are opinionated about software architecture. You’re an excellent, collaborative team player with the communication skills to match. You are passionate about getting the job done well even under time pressure and thrive in a demanding environment. Demonstrated proactivity in capitalizing on opportunities and resolving issues. Intellectually curious – prepared to challenge and be challenged. Constantly striving to learn new technologies and look for ways to stay up to date in this rapidly changing industry.





What sets us apart?

 Mission driven culture Paid holidays and generous PTO policy Generous benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid Life and Disability, HSA, FSA, Tuition Reimbursement, and 401k Casual dress Collaborative and energetic work environment with other motivated, career-driven professionals





    Encoura is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. All applicants must be eligible to work in the U.S. Encoura endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities and disabled veterans pursuant to applicable federal and state law. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process or are limited in the ability and need an alternative method for applying, please contact the People Team. To review our privacy policy, please click this link:https://encoura.org/privacy-policy/
   




Mac Deployment Engineer - Wilmington, DE (Remote)

 Have you mastered something in your life, either professionally or personally?
 Are you willing to take risks, own mistakes when they occur, and grow from your experiences?
 Do you wish to better yourself and the people around you through retrospection, discussion, and action?

 Summary
 We believe the Mac platform should enable unlimited creativity, productivity and customer delight. Our Mac Engineering team delivers the Mac platform as a secure, stable, and user friendly tool for development, design and business functions for our clients. The Macintosh Deployment Engineer supports the stand-up of Mac as a Service, aiming to reach feature parity with the Windows endpoint environment. This position plays a key role in providing support for VMware Workspace One, Munki management, Mac Imaging, and Mac Endpoint/Desktop Security including packaging, deployment scripting & testing, shell scripting, and tier 3 technical issue resolutions.

 As with all positions at Tamman, individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
 Responsibilities

 Lead as the primary customer support organization POC for technical and service escalations
 Ensure security within an enterprise environment through implementation of and adherence to best practices for Mac client and infrastructure security
 Provide expert level Tier 3 technical infrastructure support services for issues elevated from other support and technical service organizations
 Plan and implement new technologies and major releases for the Mac environment including but not limited to: VMware Workspace One Infrastructure, Munki, macOS, and other enterprise Mac applications.
 Provide capacity management and forecasting for the infrastructure, and Lifecycle road mapping for all relevant technologies and products.
 Use ITIL best practices for Incident and Problem management and resolution.
 Develop deployment plans, documentation and training materials
 Conduct thorough and timely reporting of progress, statuses, and issues

 Requirements
 Must Have:

 3-5 or more years’ experience diagnosing and solving problems in a Mac environment
 Understanding of software deployment processes (leveraging VMware Workspace One and/or Puppet, Munki, and Chef)
 Expert using the command line interface (CLI)
 Expert knowledge of the macOS.

 Intermediate knowledge of:

 VMware Workspace One
 Bash scripting or other programming
 Languages used for automation such as SWIFT, RUBY and PYTHON
 Experience developing and/or supporting Mac build processes

 Familiarity with:

 Modern Software packaging including autopkg
 Ticketing systems, resolving and closing user submitted tickets
 Security best practices for hardening macOS


 Soft Skills:

 Ability to work under pressure and handle multiple problems simultaneously
 Remain flexible and adaptable in the face of change and/or organizational growth
 Communicate clearly, both verbally and written
 Create exceptional customer experiences through team collaboration, problem-solving skills, decision-making abilities, and a detail-oriented work ethic
 Desire to work as part of a close knit team


 Ready to Apply?
 Ready to Apply? Please apply through this job board or you can send a cover letter and resume to hr@tammaninc.com. Please answer the questions at the top of this document in your cover letter. We look forward to hearing from you!

 Tamman Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.

 Tamman Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.
 
GvKHv77uQM


Participate in planning, development, and implementation of infrastructure and automation that supports management of systems and services. Significantly contribute to the SaltStack and Python based code. Responsible for project coordination. 
Participate in the planning, designing, development, documentation, implementation, and improvement of infrastructure, infrastructure automation, and associated tooling that supports deployment and management of systems and services. Significantly contribute to the SaltStack and Python based code. Responsible for project coordination and communication; ensure integrated system integrity. Develop project schedules and assign responsibilities where appropriate.
Job Types: Part-time, Contract, Temporary
COVID-19 considerations:as per company guidelines.
Experience:

SaltStack and Python: 7 years (Preferred)
git, code review, Linux, bash: 7 years (Preferred)
analytical, problem-solving: 7 years (Preferred)
trouble-shooting skills: 7 years (Preferred)
SaltStack unit and integration tests: 7 years (Preferred)
developing GitHub actions: 7 years (Preferred)
time management, multi-tasking,: 7 years (Preferred)
adapt communication methods: 7 years (Preferred)
successful working relationships with a technical team.: 7 years (Preferred)
work independently and within a team: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Travel Required: Less than 10% 
Public Trust: Other 
Requisition Type: Regular 

We are GDIT. The people supporting and securing some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. 

GDIT is seeking an Identity, Credential, and Access Management Engineer to join our team supporting the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE) Office of Corporate Information Systems to provide Operations and Maintenance (O&M) Support Services of their Corporate Business Systems (CBSOM).

 Duties and responsibilities: 

Supports the implementation and documentation of information assurance/security standards and procedures.
 Serves on the integrated project team that implements a digital identity and multi-factor authentication solution for multiple web applications
 Has a direct role in supporting the assessment and development (where required) of the organizational digital identity management security program.
 Evaluates and recommends federated authentication solutions to support customers’ requirements.
 Review and assesses current application authentication topologies and supports the development of the to-be centralized federated authentication solution
 Analyzes and determines information needs and elements, data relationships and attributes, data flow and storage requirements, and data output and reporting capabilities
 Develop and document technical and conceptual specifications in support of the overall program identity and access management designs associated with the to-be federated authentication topology
 Serves as a technical SME for the implementation of an agency-approved Federated Authentication/MFA solution for a portfolio of Oracle and .NET business applications
 Supports the GDIT Cyber Architect with the development of the overarching authentication and federation
 Design, engineer, and deploy IAM related technologies for enterprise Oracle and .NET applications using SAML, Open ID, or OAuth with Ping Identity authentication products
 Provide guidance to IT partners on configuration, debugging, and deployment of tools requiring IAM integration
 Support, maintain and develop the security infrastructure under a centralized Identity Access Management (IAM) System.
 Work closely with DBAs, application administrators, developers, and testers to troubleshoot system issues, address design challenges, and improve performance
 Manage the development and maintenance of system configurations and process design documentation, knowledge base articles, system maintenance and troubleshooting guides, operating procedures, and application integration documentation
 Provide third level support on application integration issues to IAM platform customers

 Minimum Requirements: 

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Software Engineering, Business, or other related discipline with 5+ years of increasingly responsible and relevant experience in defining security requirements. Without a degree at least 9 years of relevant experience is required.
 5+ years of expert-level hands-on experience in IAM and related technologies, including Active Directory, Directory Services, Single Sign-On, LDAP, PKI, Cloud Directory Services, Authorization and Authentication Technologies (SAML, Open ID Connect, or OAuth), Access Provisioning, Privileged Access Management, Role-Based Access Control (RBAC), etc.
 3+ years hands-on experience with Oracle Identity Management Suite (OIM, OAM, OUD, OPAM), Ping Identity, Windows/Linux as well as scripting expertise in one or more of the following (PowerShell, Bash/Shell, Python)
 3+ years technical experience developing and deploying large-scale enterprise Identity and Access Management solutions; knowledge of enterprise security tools, including identity management, access control, security operations and management tools
 Experience with Oracle and Microsoft SQL Server databases and their security configurations
 Must be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Clearance and successfully pass a thorough Government background screening process requiring the completion of detailed forms and fingerprinting
 US Citizenship


 Desired Qualifications: 

Experience with, Intrusion Detection/Protection Systems, Firewalls
 Experience with technologies, including Active Directory, Windows Administration, scripting, and Windows configuration techniques
 Azure or AWS cloud application experience
 Previous Department of Energy experience.


 WHAT GDIT CAN OFFER YOU:

 Full-flex work week
 401K with company match
 Internal mobility team dedicated to helping you own your career
 Collaborative teams of highly motivated critical thinkers and innovators
 Ability to make a real impact on the world around you


 Not sure this job’s the one for you? Check out our other openings at gdit.com/careers.  Do you have a friend or colleague this posting describes? Let them know about the opportunity by clicking “Share.”

The likely salary range for this position is $108,000 - $162,000, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. 
View information about benefits and our total rewards program. 



About Our Work
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
COVID-19 Vaccination
 GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
 GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.




Phoenix Cyber is looking for Cyber Software Engineers to join our client delivery team. This is a remote, work-from-home position with the possibility of minimal travel within the continental United States.
 Requirements:

 Degree in a STEM related discipline and/or a minimum 5 years of experience
 2+ years of experience developing with Python
 Working knowledge of scripting languages Bash and PowerShell
 At least 3 years of experience in software development with COTS integration
 Working knowledge of one or more programming languages such as C#, JavaScript, or Node.js
 Experience in API development/consumption
 Prior consulting experience

 Nice to have: 

Demonstrated proficiency in cyber security platforms: SOAR, SIEM, IDS/IPS, DLP, WAF, Endpoint Security
 Experience with SOAR tools, Swimlane, Cyber Triage, Phantom
 Experience with container services (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
 Linux administration experience
 Cloud infrastructure experience (AWS, Google, or Azure)
 Experience with the ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana) stack, Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes (ECK), Kafka, Beats, and/or Splunk
 Experience using Agile methodologies
 Prior government, large enterprise experience
 Ability to obtain a Top Secret clearance, which requires U.S. citizenship and passing a 7-year background investigation
 Active (ISC)2 CISSP certification

 Responsibilities: 

Provide technical expertise and real-life experience in creating innovative solutions within the cybersecurity space
 Develop and implement automations in response to security incidents
 Proactively collaborating, developing, and designing security orchestrations with SMEs/engineers, vendors, and project stakeholders
 Ability to navigate and adapt to a fast-paced ever-changing environment with a team of like-minded, cross-functional individuals

 Phoenix Cyber is a national provider of cybersecurity engineering services, operations services, sustainment services and managed security services to organizations determined to strengthen their security posture and enhance the processes and technology used by their security operations team.
 Phoenix Cyber is an equal opportunity employer and complies with Executive Order 11246, Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veteran's Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), all amendments to these regulations, and applicable executive orders, federal, and state regulations. Applicants are considered without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, and/or veteran status.
 Phoenix Cyber participates in E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly-hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, go to https://www.e-verify.gov/  Our clients may require a COVID-19 vaccination to be on contract. Vaccination and any required clearance and/or certifications need to be maintained for employment at Phoenix Cyber.

 
 
hLPqiWdQUB

Title: Full-Stack Software Engineer
About You: You are experienced in providing technical leadership to solve business problems. You have 5-8 years of product development and delivery, with expertise in application programming, big data, threat intelligence data a plus.
Technical Qualifications & Experience: Java, JavaScript a requirement Experience supporting and operationalizing large distributed systems with big data Cloud, Email and Web security experience a huge plus Experience with Agile/Scrum/Kanban development
Come join Cisco’s Talos Research & Intelligence organization focusing on software development and architecture as we create and innovate critical software pieces of our security backend systems by the best and brightest engineers.
Role & Responsibilities: You have strong communication skills to proactively represent the team in meetings, write architectural reference documents, detailed functional and cross-functional requirements, conduct technical discussions with backend team leads, and members, present a high-level product plan to executives, and report project status to managers. You are passionate to provide technical leadership to make everyone around you better. You are passionate about winning over the bad guys. You look at the big-picture and are able to turn ideas into demos, demos into shippable products, and data into efficacy. You are comfortable with early- and late-phase software development, from concept to execution and performance optimization You take hands-on ownership of the backend products from top to bottom: architecture, design, development, documentation, test, deployment, and operations. You have the discernment to know when you need a rocket ship and when you need a bicycle, and the organizational skills to plan and deliver either one. You are team oriented and will enthusiastically unite diverse teams across the globe to tackle complex problems effectively. You can provide mentorship, motivation, and vision to senior engineers.
Who We Are:
Talos Backend Software DevOps organization plays a pivotal role in providing critical security intelligence, data, and tools to both the research teams and Cisco security email, web, enterprise networking, and firewall products to protect our enterprise customers from cyberattacks.
What You’ll Do:
You will support and create software applications in the security backend to both innovate and maintain these mission-critical systems from a technical perspective. Project delivery requires adherence to effective delivery processes, specifically Cisco Agile. You are required to collaborate with a wide-range of cross-functional teams, both within and outside the organization to cover program management, architecture, infrastructure, deployment, and support during all phases of the software application life cycle.
Why Cisco?
At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.
We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.
We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.
We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco
Cisco requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated or have an approved religious or medical accommodation. Candidates accepting an offer must provide proof of vaccination status on their first day. If someone anticipates requesting an accommodation for this requirement, they must receive approval before the start date. Candidates receiving an offer will receive additional information about the accommodation process at the time of the offer. All offers of employment are contingent upon complying with Cisco’s vaccination policy.
#LI- Remote

At New Relic, we provide our customers with real-time insights so they can innovate faster. Our software provides deep observability across the stack, enabling software teams to solve their customer’s problems, accelerate digital transformation, and make DevOps work.
 You will be at the heart of New Relic’s engineering process of maintaining NerdGraph, New Relic's GraphQL API gateway. You will support, maintain, and enhance a complex, distributed back-end service, which is among New Relic’s most critical product infrastructure. You will build and maintain tooling that supports rapid API development inside New Relic without sacrificing quality.
 This is an opportunity to work on a team that values both collaboration and individual focus to solve difficult engineering problems. We support each other to do our best work through positive communication and continuous improvement. We care about fostering a sense of community and fun. We are a team that cares about and invests in the growth of early career software engineers. We believe our journey together is just as important as the outcomes we achieve.
 As a Software Engineer on the Unified API Team, you will:

 Build, maintain, and scale our back-end services written in Elixir. Prior experience with Elixir is not required.
 Occasionally add new features to existing services across many languages and technology stacks
 Regularly brainstorm or pair with peers, and share feedback on each other’s work
 Take the initiative to explore new and innovative ideas
 Participate in an on-call rotation and bake stability into everything you do to ensure a healthy life work balance
 Contribute improvements to our team processes
 Collaborate across functions and teams to bring the best solution to market
 Participate in an internal support rotation to help other engineers at New Relic troubleshoot their use of our services

 About the Work:
 The character of our team’s work requires us to be thoughtful, thorough, and meticulous as we debug, support, and expand one of New Relic’s most complex and critical systems. Our time is often split between thinking about the “big picture” that impacts dozens of other services and the nitty gritty details of well crafted code. The work can be challenging, but it’s also fun. While the system may be complex, we’re proud of our codebase as well as the work we’ve done to keep operational burden low.
 If this sounds intimidating, be assured that we greatly value mentorship and our strong, experienced team will guide and support you. The important part is that this kind of challenge sounds enjoyable!
 Must Haves:

 2+ years of software engineering experience
 An interest or experience in GraphQL and believe in the importance of good API design
 You are excited to learn and use Elixir, and gain expertise in functional programming
 You are comfortable shipping incrementally and often
 You are comfortable working on a distributed team. You communicate clearly in writing and over video conference
 You care about improving human processes as much as improving code
 You are curious and enjoy learning by digging into a complex system (both independently and with support)

 Nice to Haves:

 Experience using Elixir or other functional languages (Elm, Haskell, Scala, etc)
 Experience building and scaling resilient high throughput services
 Experience designing GraphQL APIs
 Experience working in systems composed of many distinct services or applications working in concert (aka “Service Oriented Architectures”)
 Prior experience in technical support

 Interested? Please send along:

 Resume
 Cover Letter that describes why you are interested in joining our team - we want to know who you are and why you are interested in joining our team! 
Anything else you would like to share (not required): Github, blog, code samples, etc.

 Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position
 We're looking for bold and passionate people to be a part of our mission to create more perfect software. We'd love to have you apply, even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement. What's most important to us is finding authentic and accountable people who feel connected to our mission and values, not just candidates who check off all the boxes.
 We believe in empowering all Relics to achieve professional, and business success through a workforce model called Flex First. The Flex First model allows us to work in a variety of workplaces that best support our success, including fully office-based, fully remote, or a combination of both.
 Read more about Flex First and New Relic’s vaccine policy as part of our commitment to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace in light of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 About Us
 New Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is a cloud-based observability platform that gives developers, engineers, operations, and management a clear view of what’s happening in today’s complex software environments. So they can find and fix problems faster, and deliver delightful experiences for their customers. That's why the world’s best engineering teams rely on New Relic to visualize, analyze, and troubleshoot their software. It’s the simplest, most powerful cloud-based observability platform, built to create more perfect software. All from one place.
 Founded in 2008, we’re a global company passionate about building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world-class products and an award-winning culture. For more information, visit newrelic.com.
 Our Hiring Process
 New Relic takes seriously our stewardship of the data of our thousands of customers worldwide. In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification.
 We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/FCO%20poster2020.pdf
 Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.
 New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek a diverse applicant pool and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy  #LI-LM1



To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. 

Job Category Products and Technology 
  
Job Details 
Sr. Software Engineer - Mobile Build and Release 

About the Team 
Slack’s Mobile Build and Release team makes the build and release of native client software fast and enjoyable for our developers. We maintain the tools and infrastructure that keep our iOS and Android apps building reliably and releasing frequently. We aim to provide reliable, scalable infrastructure to enable the engineering teams to build applications and to deliver feature after feature with confidence.  The team cross-collaborates across the company with the sole mission of making Slack the best place in the world to develop desktop and mobile applications. 

Slack has a positive, diverse, and supportive culture—we look for people who are curious, inventive, and work to be a little better every single day. In our work together we aim to be smart, humble, hardworking, and above all, collaborative. If this sounds like a good fit for you, why not say hello? 

About the Role 
This is a senior engineering position based in Vancouver, BC. 

What you will be doing 

Automating the configuration of Linux, and Mac build infrastructure 
Automating the installation and upkeep of build tools and dependencies 
Designing, coding and maintaining automated release process tools and infrastructure 
Improving the reliability and performance of the test and build processes 
Collaborating with other teams to improve process and code 


What you should have 

You have worked on build and release teams, and have familiarity with submitting to app stores 
You are motivated by helping other engineers succeed and work efficiently 
You are a strong communicator. Explaining complex technical concepts to program managers, customer support, and other engineers are no problem for you 
You are able to mentor and model best practices for software build and release processes 
You are someone that others enjoy working with due to your positive attitude and technical competence 
Experience with CI tools, especially Jenkins 
Proficiency in programming languages like Python, shell scripting and/or Groovy 
Experience with configuration management tools, especially Chef 
Experience with AWS 
Familiarity with most of the target platforms but experience authoring or building software on each one is not expected 
Research and experiment efficiently, have a bias towards automation, and a desire to make your fellow engineers more productive 

Nice to haves: 

Experience with Android Studio and Xcode 
Experience with mobile and/or desktop app release management 

 For Colorado-based roles: Minimum annual salary of $150,200. You may also be entitled to receive bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. 

Accommodations 
If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form . 

Posting Statement 
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits. 

Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org . 

Salesforce welcomes all.


Introduction to Shield AI
Shield AI’s mission is to advance this nation’s core values by providing the United States and our allies access to leading technologies and innovations. Shield AI is a fast growing, venture-backed defense-technology company built around a team of proven executives, distinguished warfighters, and world-class AI engineers. Since 2018, Shield AI’s products and people have supported operations around the world with the US Department of Defense and our allies. Most recently, we acquired Heron Systems and Martin UAV as wholly owned subsidiaries of Shield AI. Join our team and shape the future of artificially intelligent systems.
Job Description
As part of the Data & Analysis team, you’ll be a key contributor to the HMDS (Hivemind Design Software) platform...an innovative cloud and local software solution that will change the way AI/autonomous applications are developed. This role focuses on building and maintaining tooling and infrastructure supporting data ingestion and aggregation.


Projects that you might work on:
Contribute to a platform (HMDS) that will revolutionize the way that AI and ML solutions are created
Work closely with our AI and autonomy engineers to hyper-optimize their development, increase product quality, and reduce cycle times
Help to build out our next-gen orchestration platform build on Dagster
Build and support various orchestrated pipelines such as data ingestion, analysis, and machine learning
Contribute to a cloud-based micro-service platform that is foundational for supporting core development and integration capabilities
Collaborate with your team in driving technical solutions to complex software and business problems
Work with teams of supremely talented software engineers who care deeply about the solutions they create
Leverage your backend development skills across a portfolio of applications
Required qualifications:
3-5 years professional experience developing production quality software systems.
Strong experience with Python is a must
Knowledge of different data stores and persistence strategies (e.g. relational databases, NoSQL, cloud storage, etc.)
Experience with Git and/or other source code management tools.
Passionate about developing high-quality and optimized software solutions.
You embrace strong coding best practices regarding code documentation, unit testing, bug tracking, etc..
Strong technical collaboration and a desire to develop new skills.
Excited by a fast-moving environment with a highly motivated group.
BS/MS in Computer Science, similar degree, or equivalent practical experience.
You have a demonstrated record of working hard, being a trustworthy teammate, holding yourself and others to high standards, and being kind to others
Preferred qualifications:
Experience with Dagster a huge plus
Experience with Golang and gRPC is a plus
If you're interested in being part of our team, apply now!

Shield AI is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

To conform to U.S. Government regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the U.S., protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3), or eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State.WHY BECOME A DEFINER?

Here at RxDefine we ethically empower people to navigate their health. We believe that every human should have low cost, transparent access to the information, products, and services they need to take full ownership of their health.

We are looking for like-minded people eager to join our team and to help architect the future of life science commercialization through our enterprise SaaS products. We are a small but mighty team of around 60 (for now!) internationally-based colleagues. As we grow, we are looking for Definers who want to join us on our growth journey and who are ALSO committed to our values of teamwork and honesty!

Our founding team has designed and built companies on the consumer front acquired by Google, as well as enterprise tech companies deployed across The Fortune 500. We are backed by some of the best investors in the world, including RRE Ventures, Bling Capital, Founders Fund, Greycroft, and more.
PERKS OF BEING A DEFINER:

Impacting the future of healthcare - your innovations could very likely become the new norm for millions of people.
Working alongside the founders of the company. If you have any entrepreneurial desire to start your own company in the future, you will see first-hand what it takes.
100% fully remote, internationally DISTRIBUTED team, but with frequent opportunities to collaborate in-person.
Technology, office setup & co-working space reimbursement!
Freedom and responsibility to structure your work as you desire. We measure output and results and believe freedom allows for maximum ability.
Unlimited PTO!
Family leave, up to 10 weeks of 100% paid salary.
Open communication - we believe in being transparent and radically honest with no retaliation.
Competitive salary and equity
Medical/dental/vision benefits

CULTURAL VALUES:

 Radically Honest, Dedicated, Independent, Dependable, Empathize & Do What's Right
THE VALUE YOU WILL BRING!

You have real-world experience building complex distributed systems and you genuinely care about code quality and test infrastructure
You prioritize end-user experience and business value over "cool tech" and you have developed "computer science fundamentals", i.e. concurrency, algorithms, and data structures (Formal CS degree NOT required)
Experience working with Django and DRF (Django Rest framework)
Experience developing client-server applications and RESTful services
Experience with RabbitMQ, Redis, PostgreSQL, Git, JIRA, Docker
A plus:
Enterprise SaaS or previous experience within the HealthCare field
Large scale data pipelines involving 3rd parties
API to power complex visualizations powered by ECharts, d3 etc.
DevOps experience (Kubernetes, Google Cloud, Terraform, GitlabCI/CD).
ID Graph experience
We encourage you to apply, even if you don't fit all of these requirements

WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOOK FORWARD TO?

RxDefine is seeking a Backend Software Engineer to develop scalable infrastructure that serves a range of clients from bleeding edge to major pharmaceutical companies. You will build secure, resilient infrastructure from the ground up! You will be responsible to review code across the entire stack and engineering organization while actively participating in product development, and to find the right balance between progress (i.e. shipping quickly) and perfection (i.e. measuring twice). The Backend Software Engineer will foster an efficient deterministic testing culture, with an emphasis on minimizing tech debt and bureaucracy and participate in architecture development and enhancement. You will help scale the team, ship code that will be used to improve the healthcare system in the US, develop APIs for interaction with the web-frontend and app-frontend and participate in estimation and planning sessions.

RxDefine provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
#LI-Remote
Job Description: Dev/Ops Engineer
At Cyber Command, customer experience is at the forefront of everything we do. We are looking for an experienced Dev/Ops Engineer to help us build reliable, scalable systems that improve customer experience. The right candidate will be responsible for creating and maintaining internal products, identifying production issues, and implementing solutions that meet our company’s needs. This position offers an opportunity to learn more about enterprise-level automation and development with a focus on results rather than just building more widgets. You will be responsible for nurturing projects into industry-level tools.
Objectives and Responsibilities for this Role

Building and setting up new development tools and infrastructure
Working on ways to automate and improve internal processes
Testing and examining code written by others and analyzing results
Ensuring that systems are safe and secure against security threats
Identifying technical problems and developing software updates and ‘fixes’
Maintaining existing code libraries and updating existing toolsets.

Qualifications
Moderate knowledge of:

Python
Rest API/Spring/Grpc
Networking/Firewalls
Infrastructure-as-Code tools (Puppet, Ansible, Terraform)
Docker
Kubernetes
Linux
Bitbucket (Git)
Jenkins
Monitoring and Alerting tools (Nagios, Prometheus, Grafana)
Scripting/Automation (Bash, Python)

Functional knowledge of:

Java
Nodejs
Linux
AWS
HTML
Networking (IP Addresses/HTTP)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,000.00 - $105,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Required)
Software Development Operations Occupations: 1 year (Required)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


The IT Engineering team at GitHub is growing! Your customers are GitHub's global workforce - end users throughout the company who rely on our systems every day. Our customers look to us not only for support, but also to keep the systems they depend on up and running, enabling them to do their best work with the least amount of friction.
 We're looking for an IT Site Reliability Engineer that will primarily be focused on client platform engineering. If you are skilled at writing code to perform configuration management and are confident in your ability to securely manage thousands of globally distributed endpoints (macOS, Windows, some Linux) then this is the role for you!
 Please note that this role will require a candidate that is proficient with infrastructure as code and has a strong background in endpoint management at scale.
 If all of the above sounds good to you so far, please read on to learn more about the responsibilities and expectations for the role!
 Responsibilities

Partnering with the Security organization on creating, managing, and maintaining policies, configuration profiles, and security baselines for all of GitHub’s corporate endpoints (e.g., macOS, Windows, iPadOS, Linux)
Being the Directly Responsible Individual for the patch management of GitHub’s global fleet of endpoints
Creating and maintaining applications and services to automate processes for the IT organization
Identifying opportunities for automation - driving development and implementation in partnership with a project manager and stakeholders
Creating and maintaining technical documentation
Integration, implementation, operation, and support of enterprise-wide applications and services
Assist in developing long-term strategies and capacity planning for meeting future end user needs
Effectively communicating technical information to internal customers and stakeholders in a friendly and easy to understand manner

Qualifications

Significant experience with managing macOS and Windows endpoints at a global scale (bonus points for Linux) using tools such as Jamf, Microsoft Endpoint Manager (formerly known as Intune), Chef, Munki, or Puppet.
Strong understanding and experience with version control (Git and GitHub) and infrastructure as code
Strong experience with scripting and writing code (ex. Python, JavaScript, Ruby, or a language of your choice)
Strong documentation skills with an eagerness to teach others

Preferred Qualifications

A passion for helping others and working directly with people
Experience in a distributed company
Experience providing technical support to users (macOS, Windows, Linux)
Experience with Enterprise Mobility Management solutions for macOS and Windows




    (Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $90,700 to maximum $192,400 + bonus + equity + benefits.
   

Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085 (8-5-20) of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired in Colorado.



Who We Are:
 GitHub is the developer company. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, and to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.
 Leadership Principles:
 Customer Obsessed - Trust by Default - Ship to Learn - Own the Outcome - Growth Mindset - Global Product, Global Team - Anything is Possible - Practice Kindness
 Why You Should Join:
 At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where many Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The rest of our Hubbers work remotely around the globe. Check out an updated list of where we can hire here: https://github.com/about/careers/remote
 We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.
 GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!
 Please note that benefits vary by country. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner.
 #LI-POST



About Our Company
Made and Modern is a furniture manufacturing business that combines modern technology with timeless craftsmanship. Using commodity robotics through our proprietary software, we produce high quality furniture at unbeatable prices. With our designs custom-made and produced completely in-house, we are revolutionizing the industry itself. Our purpose is to make high-fashion, luxury furniture accessible to all, while instituting ideals of conscious capitalism with the aspiration of improving humanity.
What To Expect
Here at Made and Modern, we are committed to developing each and every one of our employees. With an emphasis on innovation and efficiency, we are a fast-paced, quickly growing company that is not afraid to think outside the box. We are looking for candidates who will join our team and take pride in the work they do at Made and Modern. You will walk away from this position with a deeper understanding of both your specialized role, and the necessary skills to create and manage a successful company. Working closely with Senior managers, you will have the opportunity to learn from some of the most qualified industry leaders. If you are ready to dig deep and make meaningful change, apply to join our team today!
Responsibilities: 

To implement streamlined user experience and first-class codebase using the Angular best practices for design and modularity
To deliver a complete front-end application using the latest and needed technologies as per business requirements.
To write impeccably tested and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Determining the structure and design of web pages.
Ensuring user experience determines design choices.
Developing features to enhance the user experience.
Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design.
Ensuring web design is optimized for smartphones.
Building reusable code for future use.
Optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability.
Utilizing a variety of markup languages to write web pages.
Implement responsible web design principles to ensure that our company website renders well across multiple devices
Design a framework for creating user apps that grows with the needs of the company
Monitor website performance, watch for traffic drops related to site usability problems and rectify the issues
Review app and feature coding and plan future website upgrades with the development team
Assist in the development of applications and features that will be put on the website and in internal functions as well

Experience: 5 + years

Understanding of CSS libraries like tailwind, bootstrap or Material.
Understanding of key design principles.
Experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery.
Understanding of server-side CSS.
Experience with graphic design applications such as Adobe Illustrator.
Experience with responsive and adaptive design.
Understanding of SEO principles.

Required qualifications
Bachelors/ Masters in Computer science/ computer engineering
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
At Made and Modern, we believe that there is inherent value in diversifying backgrounds and experiences. With an appreciation for a variety of perspectives, we provide a safe environment for individuals to express themselves and carefully consider how we can complement each other to achieve greater success. Thus, we employ on a merit-basis and do not discriminate based on one’s social identities.
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote




At Rackspace Technology, we’re obsessed with empowering our customers to grow their business, increase their efficiency and deliver the future. We make this happen through our technical expertise across the world’s leading technologies. Our approach — which we’ve branded Fanatical Experience™ — is at the heart of everything we do. Since 1999, this has guided how we care for customers, one another, our communities, and our planet. It’s our way of helping to make the world a better place.
   



 Work Location: 100% Remote!
   



 Duties and Responsibilities:


 Be an active part of the Managed Public Cloud software developer team globally.
 Responsible for designing and developing software for our hyperscaler cloud business. Build the stuff that runs our cloud for our customers. 
 Work on a variety of projects ranging from services integrated with cloud providers to platforms for customer interaction to backend business systems.
 Contribute to Rackspace’s fastest growing and most complex systems on a range of technologies. See firsthand how cloud is being used by thousands of customers. 
 Build responsive, meticulously designed applications. 
 Breathe modern technology into our internal platforms to show our customer’s how they need to build theirs.
 • Working with Product to assess functional requirements for new product offerings, analyze the technical feasibility, and coordinate task assignments with agility to effectively deliver innovative software.
 Implement automated unit, integration, and smoke tests where appropriate
 Develop code where deployments to production happen continuously
 Work in a heavily multi-cloud environment and comfortable working within different deployment environments
 Establish and adhere to coding and process best practices, including code reviews
 Make regular contribution to engineering standards and best practices 
 Motivate members in project initiatives to contribute their best 
 Drive and coordinate research, proof of concept and/or prototype works by project team members. 
 Gain support for complex architecture and to negotiate solution/architectural trade-offs 
 Write software using the best tool for the job, mixing open source and proprietary tech as relevant
 Write and review design documents 
 Participate in project discussions 
 Work in a DevOps culture including team’s on call rotation and maintenance schedule


 


 Needed Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:


 Experience with full-stack JavaScript development writing microservices in NodeJS with Express or similar framework and UI development in modern React
 Advanced working knowledge of or experience with Jenkins, CircleCI, Github Actions, or similar
 Experience or familiarity with Infrastructure-as-Code through Terraform, CloudFormation
 Advanced experience with Git or other source control practices
 Experience architecting production-ready software with little direction where system observability is a priority
 Experience configuring logging, metrics, and monitoring
 Must have experience working in AWS using technologies such as Lambdas, Step Functions, SQS, Kinesis, DynamoDb, CloudWatch, Parameter Store, S3, and other services
 Experience with agile development and project planning (including TDD and code reviews) 
 Good oral/written English language skills 
 Ability to work from home in self-directed fashion and with minimal supervision 
 Must have proven track record of effective delivery of production-ready, tested software 
 Good teamwork/collaboration skills and the ability to deliver to tight deadlines and/or under pressure
 Systematic and structured in problem solving approach
 Ability to derive causal relationships from ambiguous data
 Ability to extend factual relationship to anticipate problems or opportunities 
 Ability to drive innovation into and to continuously improve complex solutions and products within business unit 


 


Your Education/Experience: 


 Bachelor’s degree in a technology related field required. High school diploma or equivalent required
 9+ years of work experience. Solid software engineering fundamentals gained through training, course work, or relevant experience
 Cloud certifications highly desired








 About Rackspace Technology


     We are the multicloud solutions experts. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies — across applications, data and security — to deliver end-to-end solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future. Named a best place to work, year after year according to Fortune, Forbes and Glassdoor, we attract and develop world-class talent. Join us on our mission to embrace technology, empower customers and deliver the future.
   





 More on Rackspace Technology


     Though we’re all different, Rackers thrive through our connection to a central goal: to be a valued member of a winning team on an inspiring mission. We bring our whole selves to work every day. And we embrace the notion that unique perspectives fuel innovation and enable us to best serve our customers and communities around the globe. We welcome you to apply today and want you to know that we are committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender reassignment or identity or expression, genetic information, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity status, military or veteran status, nationality, ethnic or national origin, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or any legally protected characteristic. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
   




Looking to work for an awesome team? You’ve come to the right place! Our team is a tight-knit group of young and talented professionals helping drive substantial product development as we continue to grow our customer base.
Parse Pay is looking for a full-time, remote, and dynamic Senior Frontend Engineer that is adept in Vue JS and has experience creating RESTful, API-driven web applications. Our POS software is ever-evolving and we are in the process of building out innovative features to help deliver and iterate on solutions that meet industry demands. The company is poised for growth and along with that comes many opportunities to hone in on your skills and work alongside other experts in your field.
Who We Are
Parse Pay is an all-in-one, cloud-based POS system for quick-service and fast-casual restaurants. Providing the most essential front-of-house, back-of-house, and customer engagement solutions on one intuitive, easy-to-use platform, Parse Pay helps restaurateurs streamline operations, simplify payments, increase sales, and deliver memorable guest experiences.
We believe that the POS system is the hub of every small business and plays an integral part in their overall success. We strive to provide our customers with a simple and intuitive interface, innovative features, and robust functionality.
Your Responsibilities

Lead the development of next-generation responsive web applications
Design and develop clean, reusable code while building web applications with JavaScript, Vue.js, HTML, CSS, and others
Implement responsive layouts for multiple platforms/browsers
Create new and maintain existing PHP/Laravel API endpoints
Work cross-functionally with various Development, QA, and Integration teams
Design, develop, test, and productize front-end components and services deployed on our continuous delivery platform

About You

Experience developing with modern, client-side Javascript (ES6 preferred)
Strong knowledge of Vue.js (2/3), Vuex, and Vue Router. Webpack and Babel know-how is a plus
Proficiency in HTML and CSS/SASS, implementing responsive web design, and building complex layouts
Strong knowledge of Web development patterns/tools/idioms and APIs
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong capability of meeting project milestones and comfortable with agile development

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Work From Home.
Experience:

Vue.js: 2 years (Required)
Java: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
ABOUT FANDUEL GROUP

FanDuel Group is a world-class team of brands and products all built with one goal in mind — to give fans new and innovative ways to interact with their favorite games, sports, teams, and leagues. That's no easy task, which is why we're so dedicated to building a winning team. And make no mistake, we are here to win, but we believe in winning right. That means we'll never compromise when it comes to looking out for our teammates. From our many opportunities for professional development to our generous insurance and paid leave policies, we're committed to making sure our employees get as much out of FanDuel as we ask them to give.

FanDuel Group is based in New York, with offices in Georgia, California, New Jersey, Florida, Oregon, and Scotland. Our brands include:

FanDuel — A game-changing real-money fantasy sports app
FanDuel Sportsbook — America's #1 sports betting app
TVG — The best-in-class horse racing TV/media network and betting platform
FanDuel Racing — A horse racing app built for the average sports fan
FanDuel Casino & Betfair Casino — Fan-favorite online casino apps
FOXBet — A world-class betting platform and affiliate of FanDuel Group
PokerStars — The premier online poker product and affiliate of FanDuel Group

 THE POSITION

Our roster has an opening with your name on it

Software Engineering Manager at FanDuel is a role where you can begin to develop your skills and experience as a manager. You will directly manage a team of Engineers and be accountable for the customer experience, project prioritization, software quality, and system maintenance. Most of all, you are accountable for the experience, management, and development of the Engineers that report to you. You set the example for our values and help engineers grow by encouraging them to contribute to cross-team technical discussions, supporting their ideas, and empowering them to make decisions. If you're looking to exercise and develop your existing core leadership skills both from a technical and people management point of view, then this is the position for you!

THE GAME PLAN
Everyone on our team has a part to play

Manage, Identify and provide opportunities for Software Engineers.
Work with Senior Engineers to deliver a technical vision with an eye on for Customer satisfaction and security.
Proactively identify technology gaps and opportunities, mitigate risks created through complexity (technical and regulatory).
Be responsible for delivery of your assigned backlog items, communicating blockers and progress through-out the project lifecycle.
Measure, own and drive predictability through Operational Excellence and transparency through data and KPIs.
Own your software, helping guide your team to deliver it whilst providing appropriate support for end-users.
Help scope and define new solutions to problems while influencing the Roadmap and ensuring we delivery truly viable features and Products.
The ability to delivery architecturally sound solutions in the absence of a highly experienced individual contributor

THE STATS

What we're looking for in our next teammate

Degree in Computer Science, related field, or equivalent work experience
A strong technology background delivering software as an individual contributor or manager
Understanding of modern architectures, design patterns, and platform nuances
Experience of writing distributed highly scalable and available backend systems & APIs
Communication, presentation, and facilitation skills
Demonstrated abilities driving operational excellence and best practices
Able to communicate technical concepts simply and successfully, to both technical and non-technical audiences
Maintains relationships with other disciplines and stakeholders

THE CONTRACT
We treat our team right

Competitive compensation is just the beginning. As part of our team, you can expect:

An exciting and fun environment committed to driving real growth
Opportunities to build really cool products that fans love
Mentorship and professional development resources to help you refine your game
Flexible vacation allowance to let you refuel
Hall of Fame benefit programs and platforms

FanDuel Group is an equal opportunities employer. Diversity and inclusion in FanDuel means that we respect and value everyone as individuals. We don't tolerate bias, judgement or harassment. Our focus is on developing employees so that they reach their full potential.

#LI-Hybrid


   Who is Recruiting from Scratch:
  

    Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more. 
  

   If you are a fit, the team will reach out to you about this role or any others that may be a fit for our clients. 
  


About Our Client 


   Our client's mission is to create a new standard for mental health delivery, accessible to people and sustainable for providers. They are broadening access to care through offering increased service types (coaching, groups, therapy), measurement-based care, and insurance-funded care. Now more than ever, we are looking to address mental health needs of our communities. They are VC-backed and was founded in 2018 with footprints in New York and California, as well as virtually nationwide. 
  

About The Role 


   Our client is looking for a full-stack engineer to help us develop the systems and tools needed to support clients seeking care, providers offering care, and the operational team and infrastructure to support the two. We are a small but growing team who work primarily remotely, using Next.js (React), Django on PostgreSQL, and GraphQL to bring everything together. 
  

Qualifications 



Experience developing and deploying with React 
Experience developing and deploying Python applications into production environments with a preference for Django 
Familiarity with modern web technologies (such as JSON, HTTP2, WebSockets, HTML, JavaScript, CSS) 
Experience relational database systems like PostgreSQL or MySQL 
Experience integrating and synchronizing data with third-party APIs 
A preference for writing quality code with automated testing and leaving the codebase better than how you found it 
Experience with continuous delivery and troubleshooting production code 
Comfortable communicating with engineers, clinical, and operations staff to solve open-ended problems 
Interest in doing mission-oriented work especially in the healthcare space 



Nice to Have 



Experience with infrastructure-as-code & continuous deployment in production 
Maintained security initiatives such as penetration testing or bug bounty programs 
Experience working with healthcare, healthcare technology, and clinical staff, or other regulated industries 



Benefits: PTO, Healthcare, and more
    

 Base Salary Range: $150,000 to $200,000
    








About Bazaarvoice




     At Bazaarvoice, we create smart shopping experiences. Through our expansive global network, product-passionate community & enterprise technology, we connect thousands of brands and retailers with billions of consumers. Our solutions enable brands to connect with consumers and collect valuable user-generated content, at an unprecedented scale. This content achieves global reach by leveraging our extensive and ever-expanding retail, social & search syndication network. And we make it easy for brands & retailers to gain valuable business insights from real-time consumer feedback with intuitive tools and dashboards. The result is smarter shopping: loyal customers, increased sales, and improved products.
   


 The problem we are trying to solve : Brands and retailers struggle to make real connections with consumers. It's a challenge to deliver trustworthy and inspiring content in the moments that matter most during the discovery and purchase cycle. The result? Time and money spent on content that doesn't attract new consumers, convert them, or earn their long-term loyalty.
   


 Our brand promise : closing the gap between brands and consumers.
   


 Founded in 2005, Bazaarvoice is headquartered in Austin, Texas with offices in North America, Europe, Asia and Australia.
    




    It’s official: Bazaarvoice is a Great Place to Work in the US , Australia and the UK!
   


 Job Description



 Our teams create Bazaarvoice products that help companies understand the competitive positioning of their products. A big area of business growth for Bazaarvoice will come from the efforts of our insights dashboards teams. Across more than 11,500 of the world’s leading brands and retailers, Bazaarvoice sees more than 11 million reviews, images and questions added each month across millions of products. Our dashboards teams leverage these data sets to help our brand and retail clients build better products, build stronger relationships with their shoppers, and make decisions on when and where to offer products. The dashboards also help our brand and retail clients understand the value of Bazaarvoice products and services they are using.
   


 You would be working with a bunch of really smart people in an environment that actively encourages learning, growth and individual development. Every day, the Bazaarvoice engineering team tackles interesting and challenging problems across virtually every major computer science problem domain, and we do it all at a massive scale. We are looking for outstanding people who are passionate about building great software and want their work to have real world impact.
   


 Most of our team is based in Austin, TX, but we encourage candidates in other areas to apply.
   



Skills and Experience Necessary for the Role:

 BS in Computer Science or another quantitative discipline or equivalent work experience. 2+ years of experience building and supporting scalable, distributed systems using open source tools. Proven hands-on experience with Object Oriented programming languages and with at least 1 scripting language (ex. Java/C++/etc and Python/Ruby/etc). Experience with writing complex SQL queries (any dialect but PostgreSQL is a plus). An ability to demonstrate software engineering fundamentals such as OO design, unit testing, code reuse, and code reviews. Familiarity with modern build tools such as Maven, Jenkins, Github, etc. Comfort delivering within Agile development methodologies ex. Scrum/Kanban. Strong analytical, technical, and communication skills.





Experience in following areas will be a plus:

 Experience with some sort of API framework (ex. Spring Boot). Experience with containerization (ex. Kubernetes, Dockers). Working knowledge of at least 1 public cloud hosting provider (AWS (preferred), Google Cloud, Azure or similar).





Why join Bazaarvoice?




 Customer is key


     We see our own success through our customers’ outcomes.
   

     We approach every situation with a customer first mindset.
   


 Transparency & Integrity Builds Trust


     We believe in the power of authentic feedback because it’s in our DNA.
   

     We do the right thing when faced with hard choices. Transparency and trust accelerate our collective performance.
   


 Passionate Pursuit of Performance


     Our energy is contagious, because we hire for passion, drive & curiosity.
   

     We love what we do, and because we’re laser focused on our mission.
   


 Innovation over Imitation


     We seek to innovate as we are not content with the status quo.
   

     We embrace agility and experimentation as an advantage.
   


 Stronger Together


     We bring our whole selves to the mission and find value in diverse perspectives.
   

     We champion what’s best for Bazaarvoice before individuals or teams.
   

     As a stronger company we build a stronger community.
   


 Commitment to diversity and inclusion




     Bazaarvoice provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all team members and applicants according to their experience, talent, and qualifications for the job without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy, gender stereotyping, and marital status), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military/veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state, or local law in every location in which the company has facilities. Bazaarvoice believes that diversity and an inclusive company culture are key drivers of creativity, innovation and performance. Furthermore, a diverse workforce and the maintenance of an atmosphere that welcomes versatile perspectives will enhance our ability to fulfill our vision of creating the world’s smartest network of consumers, brands, and retailers.
   


Be Part of Building the Future

Dremio is the SQL Lakehouse company, enabling companies to leverage open data architectures. Dremio's SQL Lakehouse Platform simplifies data engineering and eliminates the need to copy and move data to proprietary data warehouses or create cubes, aggregation tables and BI extracts, providing flexibility and control for data architects and data engineers, and self-service for data consumers. Founded in 2015, Dremio is headquartered in Santa Clara, CA. Investors include Cisco Investments, Insight Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, Redpoint Ventures, and Sapphire Ventures. For more information, visit www.dremio.com. Connect with Dremio on GitHub, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook.

If you, like us, say "bring it on" to exciting challenges that really do change the world, we have endless opportunities where you can make your mark.
About the role

We are searching for an experienced Software Engineer to provide data warehouse capabilities on top of the datalake across all major table/file formats, and object stores. These capability advancements will increase our competitive position in the market and enable Dremio adoption for a larger set of customers.

What you'll be doing
Develop core components for Dremio's query engine
Deliver key technologies for our customers in the Datalake space including features like DML operations, time travel, schema evolution along with performance and reliability improvements
Work with open source projects like Apache Iceberg, Parquet, Arrow, and Calcite
Solve complex technical problems and customer issues while improving our telemetry and instrumentation to proactively detect issues before they arise and make debugging more efficient
What we're looking for
B.S. or M.S in Computer Science or in a related technical field
Proficiency in Java/C++ with 3+ years of experience developing production-level software
Experience in developing complex and scalable distributed systems and delivering, deploying, and managing microservices successfully
Passion for learning and delivering using latest technologies
Excellent communication skills and affinity for collaboration and teamwork
Passion and ability to work in a fast paced and agile development environment
Bonus points if you have
Hands on experience with AWS, Azure and Google Cloud Platform
Understanding of distributed file systems like S3, ADLS, GCS, and HDFS
Experience with Apache Arrow, Parquet, ORC, AVRO and/or Delta Lake and Iceberg
Experience with Hive and AWS Glue.
What we offer
Medical, dental and vision insurance
401(k) Plan
Short term / long term disability and life insurance
Pre-IPO stock options
Flexible PTO
16 hours of volunteer time off
12 company paid holidays, including Juneteenth
Remote work options
Monthly "Get Stuff Done" (GSD) Days
Paid parental leave
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Company-sponsored wellness programs including Aaptiv, Headspace, Physera and Ginger
Quarterly swag surprise

**Certain benefits are only allowed to full-time Dremio employees and may not be the same across all locations.

#LI-Remote #LI-JW1
What we value

At Dremio, we hold ourselves to high standards when it comes to People, Thinking, and Action. Our Gnarlies (that's what we call our employees) communicate with clarity, drive accountability, and are respectful towards each other. We confront brutal facts and focus on results while operating with a sense of urgency and building a "flywheel". People who like to jump in and drive momentum will thrive in our #GnarlyLife.

Dremio is an equal opportunity employer supporting workforce diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other unlawful factor.

Dremio is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.

Dremio has policies in place to protect the personal information that employees and applicants disclose to us. Please click here to review the privacy notice.


Symbeo offers a valuable collection of innovative web-enabled solutions and capture services that automate paper-intensive business transactions. The Software Engineer will develop and maintain software applications and provide support for escalated production issues. In addition, you will create and maintain documentation and test plans while maintaining standards compliance. In addition, maintain expertise of software development tools, applications and practices that are critical to the job. A strong work ethic and ability to work as part of a team is essential.

 REQUIRED EDUCATION/TRAINING/SKILLS:

 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering or a combination of education and related experience.
 Minimum of one year professional software development experience using C#; additional experice with MS SQL, .NET Framework and ASP.NET is a bonus.
 Excellent communication, presentation, analytical and interpersonal skills.
 Superior organizational skills.
 Ability to prioritize and manage projects.
 Excellent detail and organizational skills.


 CORE JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Develop and program software as assigned in a timely manner and assist with software development and definition.
 Provide support for escalated production issues.
 Have an excellent working knowledge of the company’s business so as to best support company software initiatives.
 Create and maintain documentation and test plans in timely manner. Maintain standards compliance.
 Provide critical feedback to manager and co-workers in a timely manner.
 Continues to learn and build knowlege and expertise of software development technologies such as C# and MS sql server.


 BASIC RESPONSIBILITIES

 Prioritize work effectively to assure maximum efficiency and productivity as well as quick and timely response to customer issues
 Demonstrate ability to follow direction, retain information, while working as independently as possible within the context of the position and team
 Effective and consistent communication to team members, supervisor and other parties. Includes verbal and writing skills, effective and appropriate use of email and other electronic forms of communication
 Demonstrate responsible work habits including maintaining consistent work hours, punctuality, good communication with supervisor and the team.
 Maintain confidentiality regarding company business and product information


 About Symbeo
 Symbeo, a wholly owned subsidiary of CorVel Corporation and certified Great Place to Work® Company, provides digital mailroom and automated accounts payable services to the world’s largest and most recognized companies. Symbeo is passionate about connecting enterprise organizations with technology solutions that bring deep value and operational cost savings to our customers. Since our founding in 1983, we have grown to over 200 people working in our downtown Portland and Milwaukie, OR offices. Our investment and blend of people, process and technology drives our innovation and blazes new trails in AP automation and scanning services. We embrace our core values of Accountability, Commitment, Excellence, Integrity and Teamwork (ACE-IT!).
 A comprehensive benefits package is available for full-time regular employees and includes Medical (HDHP) w/Pharmacy, Dental, Vision, Long Term Disability, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Account Options, Life Insurance, Accident Insurance, Critical Illness Insurance, Pre-paid Legal Insurance, Parking and Transit FSA accounts, 401K, ROTH 401K, and paid time off.
 CorVel is an Equal Opportunity Employer, drug free workplace, and complies with ADA regulations as applicable.

 #LI-Remote



We are looking for a skilled software engineer who, along with our excellent software development team, will be responsible for working on product that is currently being developed on by our company. A bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or another related field is required. You will also need at least 3-9 years of software engineering or software development experience, preferably in a related field to be successful in this role.
Responsibilities: 

Developing and directing software system validation and testing methods.
Directing our software programming initiatives
Overseeing the development of documentation.
Working closely with clients and cross-functional departments to communicate project statuses and proposals.
Analyzing data to effectively coordinate the installation of new systems or the modification of existing systems.
Managing the software development lifecycle.
Monitoring system performance.
Communicating key project data to team members and building cohesion among teams.
Developing and executing project plans.
Applying mathematics and statistics to problem-solving initiatives.
Applying best practices and standard operating procedures.
Creating innovative solutions to meet our company’s technical needs.
Testing new software and fixing bugs.
Shaping the future of our systems.

Requirements: 

A bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or another related field.
3 to 9 years of software engineering or software development experience, preferably in a related field.
Hands-on programming experience using relevant languages.
Experience using relevant tool suites.
Strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Creative problem-solving skills.
Experience managing the software development lifecycle.
The ability to prioritize activities and deliver projects on time and within budget.
Experience working with clients and business partners.
A comprehensive understanding of computer science concepts.
Excellent coding skills.
Extensive knowledge of agile methodologies.
Strong team-building skills.
The ability to travel as necessary.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

Software Engineer (United States, 
Remote)
Our mission at Cornerstone is to empower organizations to help all employees reach their potential. In an ever-changing economy, our aim is to facilitate continuous growth and learning so that the workforce can evolve to fit industry needs. Our software engineering team embodies these goals and works as a team to build scalable solutions that help our clients continue to meet and exceed their talent goals.
If you are passionate about building and architecting elegant solutions to challenging problems, continually pushing beyond the status quo, and love providing an intuitive and enjoyable experience to end users, then we have a great opportunity for you…
Our engineering culture embraces…

Collaboration: Our team environment is founded on open communication & ego-free engineering
Continuous Learning (CL): We love CI/CD but CL is just as important - Dev Days, Hackathons and more will keep you growing in your career
Flexibility: Everyone is productive in their own way, and our teams have flexible schedules and/or work-from-home policies to make that happen
Meritocracy & Recognition: Day-to-day accomplishments are rewarded with opportunity, but we also take time during our all-hands meetings to celebrate the personal side of our employees’ lives (marriages, newborns, marathons, etc.)
Cohesion: Our team understands the importance of a healthy work and play balance. We love working with each other and regularly have team lunches and outings.

In this role you will…

Work with an Agile engineering team to develop robust and reliable software solutions.
Build-out backend infrastructure and implementations that will be used by the rest of the company.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to build elegant and scalable web applications.
Own complex system integration requirements and processes aimed at delivering improved

UX for Cornerstars.
You’ve got what it takes if you have…

BS/MS in Computer science or a related field, or equivalent industry experience
3+ years of experience in backend software development for web applications
Experience developing services using modern API standards such as REST
Experience with complex system integration via APIs
Experience with relational databases and SQL
Experience with non-relational databases such as DynamoDB or MongoDB
Hands-on experience with cloud platforms preferably AWS
Experience in working on Asynchronous Messaging systems
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal
Strong analytical skills to help solve complex problems in an enterprise environment
Comfort with working collaboratively and being a great teammate

Extra dose of awesome if you have…

Experience with Python and MySQL
Experience with Elasticsearch
Experience with frontend frameworks (React/Vue.js)

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Back-end development: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Block Renovation Software Engineer

ABOUT US

Block is a renovation platform transforming the $450 billion renovation industry. Block democratizes access to high-end design, while combining design, construction, and materials into a streamlined experience. Block simplifies a complex and convoluted process and gives homeowners certainty on outcomes, quality, price, and time.

Our mission is to give homeowners a better way to improve the spaces they live in, and to give contractors a better way to work. We are building an ambitious, tenacious, and creative team who is unafraid of tackling new challenges. The founders are former leaders at Casper, HuffPost, and Rent the Runway. Investors include Softbank, New Enterprise Associates, Lerer Hippeau, Giant Ventures, Obvious Ventures, MorningSide Ventures and more.

Employees come to Block for the opportunity to work in a rapidly scaling tech start-up that remains steadfastly dedicated to its employees, its culture, and constant iteration and improvement.

Learn more about the platform we’re building here.

ROLE

We are building an ambitious technical organization and looking for software engineers across backend, frontend, and full-stack to contribute to our mission.

You will work with our engineering and product teams in a low-debt, high-velocity environment to develop our home renovation and contractor platform.

As an early contributor, you will help contribute to key decisions about the technologies, tools, and best practices we adopt into our engineering culture. You will deliver the best experience possible for our clients while ensuring high standards of code quality. Your work will make a tangible impact on the lives of design and construction professionals along with people and their homes.

Learn more about our tech stack here.

We have three cross functional product development squads: Growth, Scope and FX.

The Growth Squad focuses on the initial experience homeowners have with our platform - from helping them visualize their new spaces to scheduling their initial calls with Block Project Planners.

The Scope Squad focuses on the interdependencies between labor, materials and costs. They help our platform get smarter and better understand the complexities and intricacies of a renovation to keep things simple for homeowners and contractors. They also build tools to help with supply chain and logistics challenges to ensure the right materials arrive on the jobs sites at the right time.

The Efficiency and Experience Squad - FX for short - focuses on the lead-up to construction, schedule and task management, and communication between homeowners and contractors.

Some products you could work on:

Visual Planner - a responsive web app for playing with different finish materials and visualizing them in real-time renders.
Digital Scope Engine - an intelligence rule engine for managing the labor scope and materials for a renovation project, as well as the associate pricing model.
Builder App - the core of the technology experience for our network of General Contractors. From the app, GCs accept new projects, manage timelines, communicate with homeowners and keep track of the success of their business on the Block platform.
Customer Dashboard - the platform where homeowners see progress on their renovation project and take action to drive it forward. Starting with the planning stage of their project, through preparing to break ground, and finally while the finishing touches are put on their space, the dashboard gives our customers a real-time view into everything happening in their space.

Some challenges you can help us solve:

How can we learn a homeowner’s tastes in a fun way and use that knowledge to significantly reduce the time spent designing a space?
How can we leverage experience from hundreds of past projects to solve construction challenges that pop up during design and in the field?
How can we help GCs build their businesses and spend less time dealing with administrative work?
How can we reliably and quickly get compatible building materials to job sites?

RESPONSIBILITIES

Architect and build innovative, user friendly web applications for the renovation process
Help set and uphold high standards for code quality, test coverage, and platform stability
Collaborate on new ideas to rapidly create and test prototypes
Work alongside engineering, product, design, and business counterparts
Ensure our digital client experience is the best it can be
Continually improve the engineering team as a whole through thoughtful code review and design doc feedback
Make good, informed decisions around technical dept, 3rd party tools, and tradeoffs rather than reinventing the wheel
Iterate on internal process to help the team achieve more with less

QUALIFICATIONS

Generally, 2+ years of industry experience
Experienced in modern ES6 Javascript/Typescript programming, testing, troubleshooting and automation techniques
Deep understanding and passion in understanding the latest in best programming practices
Rigorous in technical decision-making and upholding quality standards
Personal interest in solving complex problems that tangibly impact people

BENEFITS

Earn equity in an early stage high-growth company
100% subsidized health insurance, dental coverage, vision coverage
12 weeks universal fully paid family leave
PTO and company holidays
3 weeks a year where you can work anywhere
401k retirement savings plan with matching employer contribution
Employee discount on renovation services
Budgeted learning and development stipends
Working alongside an ambitious, kind, no-drama team

COMPANY VALUES

Force simplicity
Problems are our fuel
Collaborate with tenacity and humility
Save money where we should
Speed is our advantage

  Company Description
   McDonald’s new growth strategy, Accelerating the Arches, encompasses all aspects of our business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand. As the consumer landscape shifts we are using our competitive advantages to further strengthen our brand. One of our core growth strategies is to Double Down on the 3Ds (Delivery, Digital and Drive Thru). McDonald’s will accelerate technology innovation so 65M+ customers a day will experience a fast, easy experience, whether at one of our 25,000 and growing Drive Thrus, through McDelivery, dine-in or takeaway.
 Leading this tech revolution is McDonald’s Global Technology organization made up of intrapreneurs who get to build really cool tech with scary smart people using the latest innovations like AI, IOT, and edge computing. We do this working along diverse, global teams who are always hungry for a challenge. It’s bonus points when you get to see your family and friends use the tech you build at their favorite McD restaurant.
 As we have matured as an engineering organization and seen the demands for technology grow exponentially, we’re gearing up to deliver on the next set of opportunities for the business. We are building up an engineering team in house accountable for our strategic products. We’ll have diverse squads made up of engineers with traditional and specialized skillsets, both from internal engineers coupled with our partners, to help us flex with demand and solve technology innovation challenges done at an incredible scale.



  Job Description
   *This role may be performed remotely from a number of locations, such as California, New York, Massachusetts, Washington, and the District of Columbia*

 Contribute to all aspects of the agile development life cycle including design, development, documentation, testing and operations.
 As a software development engineer on a team, you will play a pivotal role in shaping the definition, vision, design, road map and development of product features from beginning to end.
 Design, implement, test, deploy and maintain innovative software solutions to transform service performance, durability, cost, and security.
 Use software engineering best practices to ensure a high standard of quality for all team deliverables.
 Work in an agile, startup-like development environment, where you are always working on the most important priorities.




  Qualifications
   Must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccination by date of hire to be considered. Proof of vaccination required.

 5+ years of non-internship professional software development experience.
 Extensive programming experience with Kotlin, Java, and Android platform technologies and APIs.
 2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent years of experience.
 Solid knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals (object-oriented design, data structures and algorithm.
 Strong verbal and written communication skills.
 Solution-oriented attitude and ability to solve tough problems in a collaborative, cross-functional, and fast-paced environment.
 Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices.
 Highly quantitative with great judgment and passion for building a great customer experience.
 Uncompromising attention to detail and drive to continuously improve the product.
 Ability to take a project from scoping requirements to launch to delivery.

 Additional Information
   McDonald’s is proud to be one of the most recognized brands in the world, with restaurants in over 100 countries that serve 70 million customers daily. As the global leader in the food service industry, our legacy of innovation and hard work continues to drive us.
 From drive thru updates to delivery to mobile order and pay, we are innovating quickly and growing. Joining McDonald's means thinking big and preparing for a career that can have influence around the world.
 At McDonald’s, we see every day as a chance to create positive impact. We lead through our values centered on inclusivity, service, integrity, community and family. From support of Ronald McDonald House Charities to our Youth Opportunity project and sustainability initiatives, our values keep us dedicated to using our scale for good: good for our customers, people, industry and planet. We also offer outstanding benefits including a sabbatical program, tuition assistance and flexible work arrangements.
 While most of us are working remote during COVID-19, we're excited to get back to our state-of-the-art headquarters in the booming West Loop of downtown Chicago! It's set up to be a global hub that cultivates collaboration:

 Take a class at Hamburger University
 Sample future items in our Test Kitchen
 Utilize the latest technology to connect with your team around the globe

 We are an equal opportunity employer committed to the diversity of our crew members, staff, operators, and suppliers. We promote an inclusive work environment that creates feel-good moments for everyone. We are interested in people who enhance our company culture: Does this role interest you? We encourage you to apply even if you don’t meet every single requirement!
 McDonald’s is committed to providing qualified individuals with disabilities reasonable accommodations to perform the essential functions of their jobs. Additionally, if you (or another applicant of whom you are aware) require assistance accessing or reading this job posting or otherwise seek assistance in the application process, please contact recruiting.supportteam@us.mcd.com
 McDonald’s provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), race, color, religion, ancestry or national origin, age, disability status, medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, protected military or veteran status, citizenship status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
 Nothing in this job posting or description should be construed as an offer or guarantee of employment.


Passionate about development in leading technologies? Looking to become a major player on a diverse team? Want to make a big impact on an engineer-driven roadmap in your next career adventure? Koddi Engineers drive innovation by embracing challenges and deploying emerging technologies to solve complex problems in software development.
We are looking for a Front-End Engineer with a knack for communication and an eye for design to join our growing engineering team. As a Front-End Engineer, you will apply the principles and techniques of user experience to develop actionable designs that meet the desired functionality of our stakeholders and integrate these designs into our development process.What you will do

Take an existing application architecture and use best practices to create UIs to product specifications
Be a strong advocate for User Experience and back it up with effective execution
Create and maintain a front-end style guide including the site organization, page layout, navigation, style sheets, graphical elements, fonts, color palette, front-end application folder structure, and coding conventions
Collaborate with the product team to improve existing functionality and bring new ideas to life

What skills and experience you bring

Bachelor's degree or or equivalent in Computer Science
Minimum of 2 yrs of work experience, as an individual contributor front-end engineer working with REST API's to create data-driven applications in modern JavaScript frameworks such as React, Angular or Vue
Deep understanding of SPAs (single page applications) and architecture of the website
A passion to develop a world-class UI backed by best practices, with a strong ability to translate requirements into software
You have competence with logical and technical problem solving, and a proven ability to research and recommend the appropriate interactive technologies needed
You’re people-oriented, friendly, and personable
You have the ability to learn quickly and continuously, and are comfortable explaining technical concepts to non-technical audiences
You are organized, manage your time well, and are committed to quality and thoroughness

Koddi's award-winning ad technology platform provides a robust network for brands to connect withconsumers and drive revenue through native sponsored placements, metasearch, and programmatic media campaigns.
Based in Fort Worth, Texas, Koddi has additional office locations in New York, Ann Arbor, Austin, San Francisco, and Düsseldorf. We’ve been embracing remote work since 2020 and plan to transition to a hybrid remote model when it’s safe to return to our offices.
Koddi has been ranked by Forbes, Deloitte, and the Inc. 5000 as one of the fastest-growing companies in the nation. We’re on a mission to forge a better path to discovery through integrity, insights, inclusivity, and innovation. Come join us!
Job Type: Full-time

Do you Enjoy working on a greenfield project? We are looking for a 100% REMOTE - Full Stack developer to help a thriving company expand!
You will be building a new industry solution for a hundred-year-old business, that has a priority of safety-first for their clients, they want their engineers to design and develop greenfield projects with a passion for coding, willingness to learn, and urge to expand their programming skills.
Salary: DOE + 44 days off (20 Public Holidays +1 week off for Christmas + 17 days PTO) + self-development stipends + 401k up to 12%!
Qualifications for Success: 
- 3+ years of software development experience
- 2+ years’ experience in React/Node (full stack capacity)
- Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science preferred
If this is something you'd be interested in then please respond with a copy of your resume and let's talk about how this opportunity will fit into your future!
*US Applicants and Permanent Residents welcome to apply. No sponsorship at this time*
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $105,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

The Developer will join a team that supporting enhancements and operations & maintenance on a recently modernized system that was redesigned from mainframe/DB2 batch processing into a cloud native (AWS) big data processing application suite for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).
The developer will work with the team, bringing knowledge and skills to supplement the existing team knowledge, to incrementally enhance the application suite. This includes using tools such as PySpark, python, EMR, S3, Lambda, CloudFormation templates, and CloudFront
The project leverages Agile across its multiple teams and SAFe across the client divisions multiple contractors, leveraging JIRA and Confluence.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


  Overview: 
  
   We see boundless potential in the way we live. It drives the way we work. Our culture is our most valuable asset. It acts like a compass for us. We are fast, immersed, humble and bold. And that’s not just words on the walls.
  



    Eliminating time-consuming tasks means people get to do more of what they love. It’s an inspiring, high stakes challenge that motivates us, and this common passion bonds UiPath employees globally. We all strive every day to be better and to accelerate human achievement.
  



    We make software robots, so people don’t have to 
   be robots. Would you like to be part of this journey?
  



    A unique opportunity awaits! We in the Data Services team are currently building a SAAS product to easily enable enterprise customers to digitally transform, store, and manage their business data used by all Uipath products, including Applications, RPA processes, Studio, Document Understanding process, etc. We are looking for passionate software engineers to develop this new enterprise-oriented product line with data processing, data analytics, and cloud service technologies. We are looking for creative and experienced engineers who are excited about leading cutting edge technologies through building the data platform cloud services and shipping fast at massive scale.
  





    #LI-SG3
   What you'll do at UiPath: 
  
You will be responsible for developing data processing and management features in SAAS service.
 You will be responsible for deliver the service features in CICD agile process.
 You will be responsible for ensure LiveSite SLA
 Well communicate and collaborate to seamlessly work with AI data science team, applied science team, and PMs.
 What you'll bring to the team: 
  
1+ years of professional software development industry experience
 BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent
 Experience on Azure/AWS cloud service development
 Capabilities on feature-level architecture, design, and implementation
 Background in database, data platform or data service area is a plus
 Experience on data analytics, data transformation/connection/integration, etc is a plus
 Passion on agile product development and startup team work style


    Life at UiPath can sometimes feel like a roller coaster. It comes with changes, healthy challenges, and the opportunity to build solutions from the ground up, have great impact, and learn a great deal.
  



 At UiPath, we value a range of diverse backgrounds experiences and ideas. We pride ourselves on our diversity and inclusive workplace that provides equal opportunities to all persons regardless of age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military and/or veteran status, or any other protected classes.




 UiPath is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If you have a medical condition or disability which inhibits your ability to complete any part of the application process, and are in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the process, please contact us @ TALeaders@uipath.com and let us know how we may assist you.




 This notice together with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of this website and any other documents we mention here are meant to inform you on what personal data about you we collect, use, disclose, share or otherwise process when you are applying for a job at UiPath or when UiPath contacts you for recruitment purposes. Please
 
read this policy
 
carefully to understand our views and practices on how we protect your personal data.





   Freelance .Net Core Developer.
   


    St. Louis, MO • Remote (US-Based).
   

Position: Freelance .Net Core Developer - Remote (US-based Ad-Hoc).
  

 Are you tired of working for a company that makes you feel like you’re just a number? Ready to make a bigger impact and be appreciated for your efforts? Are you an articulate communicator that enjoys mentoring and explaining technical concepts to others?
  



    As a critical member of the organization, Lelander is seeking a .Net Core Developer to be a leading contributor and technical resource for our growing team.
  



    Development at Lelander is technology agnostic, and regularly offers new opportunities to learn new languages and platforms. We are challenged with re-imagining technology platforms, services, websites and applications for funded startups, fast-paced marketing agencies and mid-sized companies.
   

What Might Be Different About Partnering with Lelander:


 Our Independent Experts are paid an agreed hourly rate, and typically work between 10-30 hours per week. Hours are not guaranteed but are flexible depending on the project and desired workload and availability.
 Lelander’s business hours are 9:00-5:00 pm CST. Our Independent Experts are typically available throughout the workday, but hours can be flexible depending on your project load.
 Lelander’s mission is to support a network of freelance talent and we look for individuals who are interested in contracting permanently. We are a good fit for those who have tested the waters at agencies or similar organizations and are looking for something with more flexibility in their workday, with the ability to work remotely and have a say in what clients or projects they work on.
 While there are many benefits that come with this role for someone who is looking for this type of work environment and structure, this position does not offer healthcare or other related benefits.
 Our office is headquartered in St. Louis and offers space to anyone in our network who is interested in working here. At the same time, our network of talent is mostly remote and is spread across the continental US, as are our clients. It’s likely you will only work remotely with your team and clients or may attend meetings that are 100% remote. 


 Responsibilities:


 Continue development on a .NET Core MVC Web Application to upload files to AWS S3 and log messages to AWS SQS.
 Continue development on a .NET Core Console Application that runs within a Docker Container on a Linux system to process various file imports.
 The document, lead, and train other developers on the team.



 Requirements:


 Must be experienced and confident in your capabilities.
 Excellent communication skills.
 MUST reside in the US mainland and be certified to work in the US, CST zone preferred.
 Available for meetings 9-5 weekdays CST.



About Lelander, LLC:


Lelander equips companies with tools and support for success in the digital world. We are a St. Louis based software and tech consultancy founded on the belief that great solutions are the product of a flexible approach. We primarily partner with marketing & advertising agencies to build digital projects and our experienced teams craft customized mobile apps, websites, and software that meet specific needs. At Lelander, we know that no two projects are the same and we strive to provide unique and tailored solutions to customers through harnessing the experience of driven professionals.

Why PlayStation?

PlayStation isn't just the Best Place to Play — it's also the Best Place to Work. Today, we're recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation®5, PlayStation®4, PlayStation®VR, PlayStation®Plus, PlayStation™Now, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.

PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.

The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.
Staff Software Engineer, Tools and Technology
Worldwide
We will consider candidates with professional experience to a staff Software Engineer or higher level.
How would you like to influence the next generation of the most successful gaming platform of all time? Does it interest you to develop technology used by every single next generation PlayStation developer?
We are offering a career opportunity combining both your passion and skills as a software engineer while also allowing you to work with state-of-the-art technologies.
The PlayStation Studios Tools and Technology Group lives at the intersection of PlayStation's game and platform development. We seek an engineer to develop novel compression and I/O technologies, and to assist in applying these to our game titles. If this is you please apply!
Responsibilities:
You will enhance our platform technologies and tools including but not limited to:
Runtime I/O stack
General data compression and decompression tooling and runtime components
Texture compression and decompression technologies
Streaming systems
Communicate with highly motivated teams to effectively apply these innovative technologies
Including the platform team in Tokyo as well as PlayStation Studios game teams and our third-party partners
Provide performance analysis and optimization of game titles and system software
Qualifications
A min. of 5 years professional experience working with games, embedded systems or kernel development, including direct experience in one or more of:
Game streaming systems
GPU Compute programming
Filesystem development
Machine learning
Strength and a real passion for C and C++ programming
Prior exposure to CPU and GPU profiling and performance analysis tools
Excellent ability in testing and debugging complex asynchronous systems
Great interpersonal skills (written and oral)
An interest in games and a dream to create something better
Nice-to-Have:
Development on the PlayStation platforms or equivalent experience
Experience of Unity or Unreal Engine or equivalent experience
Knowledge of asset pipelines including modeling, texturing and animation
Japanese language skills
#LI-MB1
Equal Opportunity Statement:

Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.

We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.The GitLab DevOps platform empowers 100,000+ organizations to deliver software faster and more efficiently. We are one of the world’s largest all-remote companies with 1,600+ team members and values that guide a culture where people embrace the belief that everyone can contribute.

This Backend Engineer (Intermediate or Senior) position for our Verify: Runner group is 100% remote.

The Runner feature is central to the overall company product and mission, in this role you'll have the opportunity to help shape what it looks like for years to come. Helping to build it so it can handle scale x10 what it can now.

Our Verify: Runner group is primarily responsible for the GitLab-Runner. The GitLab-Runner is the interface between the rest of GitLab and a user's CI infrastructure. Whether CI is running on a cluster of Raspberry Pi’s, a super-computer, or, as in the case with GitLab.com, thousands of virtual machines running in the cloud - it’s the GitLab-Runner that makes this happen. Each week GitLab-Runners process millions of jobs for GitLab.com, and our docker images are downloaded hundreds-of-millions of times. The focus of this role will be to work on the Runner SaaS team, to develop and support the GitLab-Runners on gitlab.com as we continue to scale GitLab CI.

Check out the 14.3 Release Video or this Verify: Runner direction page to get a feel for what the team is working on.
What’s great about working at GitLab?

The culture here at GitLab is something we’re incredibly proud of. Some of the benefits you’ll be entitled to vary by the region or country you’re in. However, all GitLab team members are fully remote and receive a "no ask, must tell" paid-time-off policy, where we don’t count the number of days you take off annually -- instead, we focus on your results. You can work the hours you choose, enabled by our asynchronous approach to communication .

What you'll do in this role

Contribute to and influence the overall direction of GitLab-Runner development.
Lead efforts to scale the infrastructure of the GitLab-Runners powering GitLab.com.
Solve technical problems related to the SaaS runners, you're excited by solving problems related to performance and scale
Actively seek out difficult impediments to our efficiency as a team ("technical debt"), propose and implement solutions that will enable the entire team to iterate faster
Confidently ship large features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other team members. Collaborate with the team on larger projects.

You should apply if you bring:
Professional experience working in Golang
Significant experience scaling SaaS products.
Experience with profiling and debugging best practices.
Experience building, operating and maintaining resilient, scalable distributed services.
Experience in technical leadership roles.
Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment.
A desire to mentor and help fellow engineers grow.

You'll stand out if you bring

Demonstrated experience with any major cloud provider.
Experience with development in Ruby on Rails.
Demonstrated experience working with docker and kubernetes.
Demonstrated experience with infrastructure-as-code tools such as Terraform, chef, ansible.

Also, we know it’s tough, but please try to avoid the ​​confidence gap​.​​ You don’t have to match all the listed requirements exactly to be considered for this role.

Our hiring process for this Backend Engineer position typically follows four stages. The details of this process and our leveling structure can be found on our job family page .
Compensation

To view the full job description and its compensation calculator, view our handbook. The compensation calculator can be found towards the bottom of the page.

Additional details about our process can be found on our hiring page .

Country Hiring Guidelines: GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.
Amdocs has unlimited time off!! We are not sponsoring at this time, no C2C.Who are we?
If you’re a smartphone user then you are part of an ever more connected and digital world. At Amdocs, we are leading the digital revolution into the future. From virtualized telecommunications networks, Big Data and Internet of Things to mobile financial services, billing and operational support systems, we are continually evolving our business to help you become more connected. We make sure that when you watch a video on YouTube, message friends on Snapchat or send your images on Instagram, you get great service anytime, anywhere, and on any device. We are at the heart of the telecommunications industry working with giants such as AT&T, Vodafone, Telstra and Telefonica, helping them create an amazing new world for you where technology is being used in amazing new ways every single day.In one sentenceResponsible for the design, development, modification, debugging and/or maintenance of software systems. Works on specific modules, applications or technologies, and deals with sophisticated assignments during the software development process. Must have Full stack cloud, Java, and Microservices experience!
What will your job look like?

Be accountable for and own specific modules within an application and provide technical support and guidance during solution design for new requirements, problem resolution for critical / complex issues while ensuring code is maintainable, scalable and supportable.
Present demos of the software products to partners and internal/external customers, using technical knowledge to influence the direction and evolution of the product/solution.
Investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code and providing fixes (analyzes and fixes bugs) and workarounds, will review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions, will highlight risks and will help mitigate risks from technical aspects.
Bring continuous improvements/efficiencies to the software or business processes by utilizing software engineering tools and various innovative techniques, and reusing existing solutions. By means of automation, reduces design complexity, reduces time to response, and simplifies the client/end-user experience.
Represent/lead discussions related to product/application/modules/team (for example, leads technical design reviews). Establishes relationships with internal customers/partners

All you need is...

Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computing or equivalent and 7-8 years' experience as a software engineer or a software support engineer.
Awareness of programming concepts and ability to write software code in at least one programming language.

Why you will love this job: 

The chance to serve as a specialist in software and technology.
You will take an active role in technical mentoring within the team.
We provide stellar benefits from health to dental to paid time off and parental leave!

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $127,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require Amdocs to sponsor you?
What are your salary expectations for a new opportunity?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Full stack Cloud: 3 years (Preferred)
Java: 3 years (Preferred)
Microservices: 3 years (Preferred)
Software Engineer: 7 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Company Overview

GRIN is the pioneer behind the world's first Creator Management platform, designed for the next generation of brands who recognize that, in the creator economy, authenticity is everything. Our platform supports every brand's journey to connecting with consumers through authentic creator relationships and is listed #1 across all top review sites including Capterra, G2 Crowd and Influencer Marketing Hub. Thousands of the world's fastest-growing brands – including SKIMS, Warby Parker, Allbirds, Mejuri, and MVMT – use GRIN to make creators feel like trusted, empowered partners and work with them to build their brands into household names. Together, we are revolutionizing the Creator Economy. GRIN is headquartered in Sacramento, CA, yet has a "Remote First" work policy and culture, meaning remote work is the default. Our Core Business Hours are 9am-3pm PST, so we expect all of our employees to work at least during those hours and are flexible on the rest of your hours.


Culture

Our culture is a team-first mentality built on the Core Values of Integrity, Humility, Take Action, Think Big, and Ownership and shared by every single employee. At GRIN, we expect everyone to do the right thing, which instills trust and allows us to tackle the big issues and make things happen. We move fast, because in our industry, time is our biggest opponent. We aren't afraid to ship quickly and make changes down the road. We empower our employees to make decisions with no red tape and no fear of reprisal, as long as they take ownership and adapt along the way.
Overview

GRIN is looking for an experienced, highly skilled, and professional Software Engineer to build great, user friendly products for our Program Management Team. You'll be part of a cross-functional team that's responsible for the full software development life cycle, from conception to deployment. As a full stack developer, you should be comfortable with both front-end and back-end technologies, development frameworks, third-party APIs and libraries. You should also be a team player with a knack for visual design and usability. This is a rare opportunity to have a career-changing impact on a high growth startup. If you enjoy solving complex problems, we'd like to meet you.


Company Overview

GRIN is the pioneer behind the world's first Creator Management platform, designed for the next generation of brands who recognize that, in the creator economy, authenticity is everything. Our platform supports every brand's journey to connecting with consumers through authentic creator relationships and is listed #1 across all top review sites including Capterra, G2 Crowd, and Influencer Marketing Hub. Thousands of the world's fastest-growing brands – including SKIMS, Warby Parker, Allbirds, Mejuri, and MVMT – use GRIN to make creators feel like trusted, empowered partners and work with them to build their brands into household names. Together, we are revolutionizing the Creator Economy.


GRIN is headquartered in Sacramento, CA, yet has a "Remote First" work policy and culture, meaning remote work is the default. We are a highly collaborative environment, and support one another during core hours through both Slack and Zoom communication channels.


Culture


Our culture is a team-first mentality built on the Core Values of Integrity, Humility, Take Action, Think Big, and Ownership and shared by every single employee. At GRIN, we expect everyone to do the right thing, which instills trust and allows us to tackle the big issues and make things happen. We move fast because in our industry, time is our biggest opponent. We aren't afraid to ship quickly and make changes down the road. We empower our employees to make decisions with no red tape and no fear of reprisal, as long as they take ownership and adapt along the way.


At GRIN, we don't just accept differences — we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our product and our community. We strive to make our workplace an inclusive and diverse environment, giving people from all walks of life the opportunity to have a voice. We champion and encourage those who bring different perspectives, ideas, and creativity to join our team dedicated to bringing people together across the globe. GRIN is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace where we welcome all people regardless of sex, gender identity, race, ethnicity, disability, or other lived experience.n is open to anyone in the United States who can work Sacramento core business hours.


What You'll Do


Designing, creating and maintaining new features for GRIN's products
Improving existing features
Software development
Testing customer workflows throughout the product
Writing clean, functional code on the front and back-end
Testing and fixing bugs or other coding issues
Participating in the design and creation of scalable software
Additional responsibilities as requested

What You'll Bring

4+ years in a software engineering position or similar function, with a history of architecting and designing new products and technologies
Working experience in one or more of the following frontend JavaScript frameworks: Vue (preferred), React, Angular
Demonstrated experience with PHP and Laravel framework
Working knowledge or expertise in JavaScript, HTML, CSS
Extremely proficient with SQL & GIT
Understanding of and ability to execute advanced product-design vision with an efficient engineering approach
Experience using Agile development methodologies
Strong team player that wants to win together with flexibility to adapt and maintain productivity in a high-growth, dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills with the proven ability to communicate effectively at all levels
We recognize the imposter syndrome might show its head as you read through this job description and although you might not check every box, we don't want to miss out on the possibility of speaking with a perfectly imperfect candidate. So if you think you have what it takes - apply today and let's discuss!


Benefits

Competitive salary plus quarterly bonus
16 days of PTO + 10 Sick Days + 14 paid holidays
Medical, Dental and Vision insurance
401(k) program plus match
Paid Child Bonding Leave
Home Office set up
Career Development Reimbursement
Employee Stock Option Program
Career path opportunities in a great startup environment
Tons of growth opportunity
Overview 
Job duties include, but not limited to, Unity App development (iOS, Android, webGL), C# programming, 3D Model manipulation.
Work schedule can be 5 eight-hour days or 4 nine-hour days and 1 four-hour day. Please also note there will be 50 unbillable hours for training purposes.
Education and Experience 

Bachelor's degree or Technical Degree and relevant experience required.
2 year degree will be considered with correct skill set.
0-2 years experience in game app development required.
2-4 years of experience working with Unity preferred.

Skills Required 

A strong understanding of App creation for Android and iOS, C# Programming or equivalent programming languages, Unity Animation Editor required.
Experience with database and server integration into Apps required.
Knowledge of Lighting and material shader scripting required.
Strong mechanical aptitude and attention to detail.
Critical thinking and strong reasoning skills.
Strong collaboration and communication skills

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $48,300.00 - $50,300.00 per year
Benefits:

Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Associate (Preferred)

Experience:

Unity: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

MiTek is a platform innovator and enabler that exists to transform the building industry with better building solutions. In 1955, MiTek transformed residential construction with the invention of the Gang-Nail plate and a digital platform that provided an affordable and scalable way to manufacture wood trusses. Today, MiTek delivers software, services, engineered products, and automated solutions that enable the building industry to improve efficiencies by optimizing the balance between off-site and on-site. With nearly 5,600 team members worldwide, MiTek collaborates across the building industry to enable and accelerate transformational breakthroughs in design and construction to transform the way the industry designs, makes, and builds. As a Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-A, NYSE: BRK-B) company since 2001, MiTek has a record of continuous growth and innovation. Learn more at www.mii.com.
Summary: We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Software Engineering Manager responsible for managing the design and development of enterprise desktop and web applications targeted to residential construction business management. Accountable for leading the coding and debugging of both desktop and web-based applications by performing the following duties.
Responsibilities: 
Other duties may be assigned, but they include the following:

Cultivate a strong development team through hiring, training, and the creation of growth opportunities.
Manage and lead design, implementation, testing, and debugging of new and existing software on a Microsoft stack.
Complete projects on time and within budget.
Manage resourcing, estimation, scheduling, and execution of tasks, feature sets, and sprint plans.
Disseminate progress, blocking issues, and changes to appropriate audience in a timely fashion.
Provide vision, goals, and motivation to team and others.
Provide technical guidance, assistance, and contributions to the team.
Explore and relay opportunities for innovation and improvement.
Manage the refactoring of existing software to ensure long term viability.
Evaluate and recommend technologies, hardware, software, and services.
Interact with customers to help quickly solve or mitigate issues.

Required Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Science degree in technical field or equivalent experience.
Strong software development and software engineering background.
10+ years of software design and development experience.
Working knowledge of Agile software development using Scrum or Kanban.
Experience with C# and .NET Framework required
Experience with SQL required
Experience with Azure required

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience with WPF
Experience with Angular or an equivalent framework
Understanding of a microservice architecture
Knowledge of ASP.NET, RESTful APIs, and SOA

In compliance with the Colorado Equal Pay For Equal Work Act, the pay range for this position is estimated at $110k-$140k/year. Base pay offered may vary based on job-related knowledge, skills and experience. Please visit www.mii.com/about/careers/ to learn more about MiTek’s benefit opportunities.
MiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace. 
We are an equal opportunity employer; and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ethnicity, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or transgender status), age (40 and over), genetic information (including family medical history), veteran status, or any other protected characteristic.
For accommodation to assist with completing this application, please contact Human Resources at +1 314-434-1200.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

This position is fully remote within the United States only. Are you currently living in the United States?

Experience:

C# and/or .NET Framework: 1 year (Preferred)
Azure: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
DevOps Engineer at Calm

Remote


Who We Are:

At Calm, we have a simple, albeit BIG mission: to make the world a happier and healthier place. Through our website, blog, and app—filled with meditations, sleep stories, music, movement, and more—we’re redefining what mental care looks like in 2021 and beyond. With over 100 million users worldwide, 100,000 new users daily, and our growing partnerships with major companies, we’re having a positive effect on more and more people each and every day. And while the heart of Calm is digital, we are growing and expanding offline with a variety of products and services to help deliver on our mission of health and happiness, the world over.

What We Do:

We are highly collaborative and focused on building scalable and foundational services for other engineering teams. Our team provides the services and systems that power a global distribution of content from Calm’s many content partners and producers. You will be responsible for owning, maintaining, and scaling Calm’s distributed backend infrastructure.


What You’ll Do:

You will be a part of Calm’s core infrastructure team, and help lead efforts across engineering to build a scalable, reliable platform that millions around the world depend on.

Systems performance tuning with a focus on high availability and scalability
Application and infrastructure monitoring and troubleshooting
Assist engineering team with debugging issues
Assist engineering team with accelerating processes through automation
Ensure we are up to date on the latest patches, security issues through automation and building security into our SDLC processes
Accelerate code velocity and improve process for engineering to improve ship time
Continually improve reliability of systems
Championing the concepts of immutable containers, Infrastructure as Code, stateless applications, and software observability throughout the organization

Who You Are:

3+ years experience in DevOps
Strong communicator, both written and verbal
Ability to deliver high-quality code with strong testing practices.
Preferably 2+ years of experience with Docker, Kubernetes
Familiar with
AWS or GCP (Prefer AWS)
Terraform
Kubernetes
Docker
Advanced networking concepts
Cloud architecture
Advanced networking concepts and design

Nice to have:

Aurora
Redis
Jenkins or Github Actions
Python
Crossplane
Vault
Datadog
GCP Identity Access Management (IAM) and Identity Aware Proxy (IAP)

We believe that mental health is health, and every person should be considered in the discussion. That’s why we’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

Calm is deeply committed to diversity, equity and inclusion, both in our hiring practices and in our experiences as a Calm employee. We strive to create a mindful and respectful environment where everyone can bring their authentic self to work, and experience a culture that is free of harassment, racism, and discrimination.

Calm is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. Please inform Calm’s Recruiting team if you need any assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process.



REMOTE - US 

ENGINEERING 

JR2790 

FULL TIME 


BUILDING THE POSSIBILITIES. 
We’re growing rapidly. As a Site Reliability Engineer, you will help us continue running our applications smoothly as our business scales. DraftKings solves some of the most interesting challenges in the tech industry, and when you join our team, you’ll have the opportunity to see your ideas and solutions directly impact our products. 
WHAT YOU’LL DO AS A SITE RELIABILITY ENGINEER: 

Work with infrastructure as code using tools like Chef and Terraform 
Familiarity with monitoring and alerting strategies 
Enable product teams to manage and self-serve on-prem and cloud infrastructure while ensuring platform stability. 
Contribute to a continuous deployment ecosystem that allows DraftKings to operate at a massive scale. 
Follow standard configuration and deployment methodologies across our growing organization 
Participate in technical design reviews and provide appropriate feedback 
Participate in our on-call and incident response teams to solve critical problems in production 

WHAT YOU'LL BRING: 

Professional experience working with cloud environments and provisioning automation 
Experience with common scripting languages (Python, Ruby, Go). 
Understanding of applications written in an object-oriented language (Java, .Net, etc.) 
Understanding of distributed systems and microservices 
Curiosity and enthusiasm to learn in a dynamic fast-paced environment 
Knowledge to connect virtual networks; routing, ingress, and egress best practices 
Familiarity with inventory management concepts and compliance reporting 

#LI-SD1 
This position can sit in either Boston or remote; however, this work is to be performed entirely outside of Colorado. 

WHO ARE WE A GOOD FIT FOR? 
We love working with talented people but more than that, we seek out compassionate co-workers with a collaborative spirit. Our work moves quickly and we’re great at coming together to find creative solutions to some of tech’s most interesting problems. If that sounds good to you, join us.
 WE ARE DRAFTKINGS.
 We’re inspired by our shared passion for developing creative solutions to complex challenges and empowering the people around us to do their best work. We are industry leaders in the digital entertainment and technology space propelled by constant curiosity and diverse perspectives.  Our teams are fueled by innovation. We are looking ahead, building what’s next, and continuously reinventing the industry. We’re a publicly traded (NASDAQ: DKNG) technology company headquartered in Boston, with teams around the world and an expanding global presence.
 JOIN US!
 We strive to create a place where all feel safe, empowered, engaged, championed, and inspired. DraftKings is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of your gender identity, race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability.
 READY TO BUILD WHAT’S NEXT? APPLY NOW.
 As a regulated gaming company, you may be required to obtain a gaming license issued by the appropriate state agency as a condition of employment.



Senior Software Engineer, Front End - Remote
Note: 100% remote work for applicants who reside in the following states: California, Colorado, New York, North Carolina, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Ohio, and Washington.
Description:
Our client seeks an experienced Senior Front End Software Engineer to improve and expand their browser SDKs and guide new initiatives. This includes the technical design, development, and distribution of their browser SDK software. The ideal candidate is experienced in web architecture and has an interest in user interface design. You will be a member of a highly motivated team. This role will develop, enhance, and sustain innovative solutions to improve the customer experience. You will implement complex software in accordance with project requirements, UX design, and industry best practices. You will also review designs and participate in meaningful collaboration sessions on how to solve customer problems and participate in scoping the work for new projects. You will learn and own large portions of the software and review the work of other team members. You will help mentor and support other team members on the team.What you’ll do:· Architect, Plan, and Develop highly innovative consumer-facing browser SDK’s and web applications
· Contribute to, develop, and maintain code in a collaborative and inclusive environment
· Build and maintain accessible, performant, reusable, and reliable JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
· Engineer new user interfaces as needed in support of our growing business
· Work with Engineering Managers, and Product Owners to prioritize work within an Agile development methodology
· Translate requirements into technical designs and well-engineered code backed by automated tests
· Leverage your knowledge of web-based tools and infrastructure to improve our core technology
· Prototype new features and applications
· Integrate and port server-side computer vision functionalities within the web environmentWhat you’ll need:· 7+ years of professional experience building web applications using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
· Experience with modern JavaScript libraries, in particular, React
· Proven history of written communication
· Experience mentoring team members
· Familiarity with automation testing, build, and continuous integration
· Comfort in converting visual designs into live applications
· Excel at finding innovative solutions to complex, ambiguous problems
· Cultivate credible, reliable, and authentic interpersonal relationships
· Able to adapt to a fast-paced technical environment
· Understanding that uniqueness creates innovation and greatness
· Passionate about team success and achieving that goal by care and respect
· BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field, or equivalent industry experience
What will set you apart:
· Experience with getUserMedia camera access preferred
· Knowledge of OpenGL/WebGL preferred
Perks:

Competitive salary with meaningful equity-upside
Unlimited paid time off
Medical, Dental, and Vision (including discounts on contacts, glasses, and other vision services)
401K with a company match
Monthly fun virtual company events and some in person social events to help build connections amongst our team
Tuition Reimbursement program

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Front-end development: 7 years (Required)
React or Angular: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Multiple Locations
REMOTE /ENGINEERING /CONTRACTOR

We are looking for a qualified back-end developer to join the Anjuna team. The Anjuna Security product is a premier tool for making it simple to provide true end-to-end security for cloud applications. This role will work closely with the front-end team to implement the Anjuna client application. This will include software architecture planning, coordination with the rest of the software development team and implementation and testing of the designed software.
Our team works across all levels of the software stack, from x86 Assembly to Python with C and Go in the service layer and JavaScript/Typescript for the UI. Developers are responsible for everything from debugging, coding and testing, automation and architecture. We get to gdb and strace a lot.
This position will report to the VP Engineering. An ideal candidate should have a strong background in systems programming, operating systems internals, and cybersecurity. The candidate should have a solid understanding of computer architecture and build software that leverages low-level processor features. The candidate should be passionate about security, and state-of-the-art software development practices, and be able to work both independently, and as part of a team.
Highly passionate about high quality software and security systems
Proven work experience as a back-end developer who has supported front-end teams
Familiarity with browser testing and debugging
Pre or post-master’s degree
Work with a team of software engineers on the software products of the company
Work with the product management team to understand product requirements
Design the product architecture, interfaces and plan customer integration
Work directly with customers when needed
Contribute to the company’s blog and white-papers
US Remote
Mercari is Your Marketplace. We make it super easy to sell (or buy) almost anything. We all have things we don't use, never used or simply outgrew. But that stuff still has value. Mercari gives you the power to simply sell it, ship it, and earn some cash for it. Fashion to toys. Sporting goods to electronics. All the brands you know and love. Our mission is simple: to make selling easier than buying. And with 50M+ downloads in the U.S. and 350k+ new listings every day, we're just getting started.Our Backend Engineers are developing complex software systems that scale to millions of users, all with production quality deployment, monitoring, and reliability. Omakase brings together the end to end user experience. You will be designing, developing, testing, deploying, maintaining, and improving our mission-critical backend systems. You bring an insatiable desire to build safe and secure systems that have a direct impact on users. You love to solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges. And you take great pride in mentoring and collaborating in an open, respectful, flexible, and empathic manner. To learn more about what our engineers are (and what you will be) doing, please check out our tech blog.What you'll be doing: 

Coding in Go and/or PHP
Design distributed systems with microservices architecture running on Kubernetes
Work with Product Managers and Designers for the design and specification of our product
Collaborate with iOS, Android, Web, Machine Learning, and Data engineers to develop new features on our product
Collaborate with QA Engineers to test and deliver the feature with high-quality and high-speed
Write and maintain technical documentation
Manage own project requirements, deadlines, and qualities

What you'll need: : 

8+ years of experience in software engineering
Full-time working experience as software engineer with consumer applications
Excellent knowledge of data structures and algorithms
3 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages including but not limited to Go, PHP, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, and Ruby
Experience designing, developing, and managing microservices
Knowledge of software testing and the ability to write testable code and proper tests
Ability to collaborate with team members including Product Managers, Data Scientists, Designer, Engineers, and QA Engineers to solve complex business problems

Nice-to-haves: 

Deep knowledge of Go or PHP
Proficient computer science background such as a bachelor's, master's, or Ph.D. degree
Strong knowledge of container and orchestration technologies like Docker and Kubernetes
Experience working on cloud infrastructures like GCP or AWS

Technologies you will be working with: 

Databases: Cloud Spanner & MySQL
Programming Language: Go & PHP
Containers & Orchestration: Docker, Kubernetes
Web Services & Hosting: Google Cloud Platform (GCP) & Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Why Mercari: Small enough to make an impact, but established enough to provide the stability you need to be successful, Mercari is the best of both worlds. At Mercari you are encouraged to take risks. And when you do, you can do it confidently, knowing you have a team and a company that supports you.As we grow, your career opportunities with Mercari grow. As our teams expand, your responsibilities expand. Our teams are supported with access to new tools, technologies, and learning opportunities. We will never stop growing.Total Rewards: 

Flexibility: Work remote from anywhere in the US and receive flexible time off
Wellbeing: Top-notch insurance plans, best-in-class new parent offerings and access to mind and body wellness apps
Growth: As we grow, your career opportunities grow, we provide access to new tools, technologies and learning opportunities
Comprehensive and total rewards: We provide a strong financial foundation and rewards that go beyond the paycheck
Teamwork: We are each other's biggest fans- we celebrate from virtual coffee breaks to recognition programs

- Additional Information (Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $141,900 + equity + benefits. Information about our benefits can be found here: https://www.mercari.com/careers/ *Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085 (8-5-20) of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired into a location in Colorado.Mercari is proud to be an Equal Opportunity EmployerMercari prides itself on the diversity of its workforce. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, national origin, race, religion, marital status, veteran status, disability status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other class protected by applicable law.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $141,900.00 per year
WellSky Personal Care's (WSPC) SWAT Team is tasked with supporting and creating new features for WSPC's main Django ORM based platform. Our customers use our SaaS platform to manage all aspects of home healthcare. Some features include scheduling, billing, payroll, background checks, and electronic payments. These services are implemented by the use of many technologies including multiple micro-services.


As a member of the WSPC SWAT Team you will work with your teammates in an agile environment to accomplish planned new work, improvements and updates with the goal to provide the best user experience we can offer.


We are looking for an individual who can:

Work and deliver large, complex or high-level tasks
Converts vague requirements into concrete requirements
Can work independently or collaborate with others to complete tasks
Understands how to work with all disciplines
Understands the big picture and product architecture
Provides product operational support
Identify and deconstruct poor design patterns
Recommends and can help design leading edge innovative solutions
Mentors and teaches other software engineers
Actively involved in architecture and process improvements
Primarily focused on a single product line
Heavily involved in the recruitment and hiring of other engineers
Performs individual contributor's duties for at least 50% of the time
Can lead and manage a small team technically (5-7 people)
HR responsibilities for staff on the team, such as time-off approval, quarterly goal setting, 1:1s, performance and talent evaluations
Takes ownership of problems to resolution without need of assistance
Demonstrates professional communication and presentations skills
Leads technical innovation
Is a force multiplier making the team as a whole more productive


Technical Requirements:

Python
Django ORM or similar
GitHub branch management


Nice to have:

GraphQL schema
PostgresQL
Docker

About WellSky

WellSky is a technology company leading the movement for intelligent, coordinated care worldwide. Our next-generation software, analytics, and services power better outcomes and lower costs for stakeholders across the health and community care continuum. In today's value-based care environment, WellSky helps providers, payers, health systems, and community organizations solve tough challenges, improve collaboration for growth, harness the power of data analytics, and achieve better outcomes by further connecting clinical and social care. WellSky serves more than 20,000 client sites around the world — including the largest hospital systems, blood banks, cell therapy labs, blood centers, home health and hospice franchises, post-acute providers, government agencies, and human services organizations. Informed by more than 40 years of providing software and expertise, WellSky anticipates clients' needs and innovates relentlessly to ultimately help more people thrive.

We're looking for talented individuals who want to use their skills to build a strong, technology-driven company. We offer competitive salaries, great benefits, including generous paid time off programming, and a casual and fun environment that encourages quality, creativity, and excellence. Enjoy all we have to offer. We invite you to join us. Apply today!

WellSky provides equal employment opportunities to all people without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law. WellSky is proud to be a drug-free workplace.

Applicants for U.S.-based positions with WellSky must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. All U.S.-based employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless a medical or religious exemption is approved.Donnelley Financial Solutions (DFIN) is a leader in risk and compliance solutions, providing insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights to clients across the globe. We’re here to help you make smarter decisions with insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights at every stage of your business and investment lifecycles. As markets fluctuate, regulations evolve and technology advances, we’re there. And through it all, we deliver confidence with the right solutions in moments that matter.

Summary:

We are looking for technical team members at all levels who want to push themselves to deliver best in market SaaS solutions. We offer a challenging environment where you will have to grow, adapt and use your skills consistently. Our customers rely on us in the moments that matter. Engineering delivers on that promise.
You can read the bullets below. But they almost always look the same, right? Here is the deal – being a software engineer here at DFIN means helping us deliver SaaS software solutions for our customers that primarily work with the SEC or other global regulating bodies. Our products are in demand because we solve regulatory problems for our customers. As a software engineer, you’ll contribute to projects end to end, write code that follows standards, understand how we operate our systems and help make sure our technology grows and doesn’t become a big pile of tech debt.

Responsibilities:
Be a contributor to our development practice: design, full-stack development and testing.
Write concise, clear, well-tested and well-documented code with quality that adheres to industry best practices.
Optimize code for quality, performance, scalability, efficiencies and security; through testing, code scanning, refactoring and monitoring.
Analyze, design and build solutions that solve the problems we have, not the problems that we think we may have one day. You are responsible for keeping the team in the present.
Build software with people. Product managers, other developers, SRE, junior engineers, senior engineers, offshore. Construct software that matters.
Understands that systems are to be operated and monitoring and metrics are important.
Engineer for simplicity, reliability, manageability, scalability, extensibility, reusability and performance.
Makes sure to constantly address technical debt. Shine a light on it, even when it hurts.
Qualifications:
Be committed to your development, the products you work on and the firm.
Experience designing services based and/or tiered web and mobile applications.
At least 3 of experience designing and building scalable data-driven software applications.
Experience developing secure code meeting security standards and willing to participate in financial systems security practices.
Experience in .Net Framework, ASP.Net, VB.Net, C#, API’s RESTful web services, JavaScript, React.js (pick your flavor), SQL Server, Visual Studio, Azure DevOps. Generally adaptable across the stack.
Optional, Azure, AKS, Docker, Kubernetesl. Oracle PL/SQL, BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.

It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfinsolutions.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequest@dfinsolutions.com. #BI-Remote

JOB DESCRIPTION
 Job Title: Senior Software Engineer
 Location: Denver or remote 
The Opportunity:
 Infinicept is a thriving, innovative, fintech company headquartered in Denver, CO. You will be an integral part of a small team that builds and maintains a platform that revolutionizes payment facilitation. We focus on mission-critical applications and integrations that are the engine of our business. Our systems deal with large amounts of structured data and high volumes of transactional data that ensure our customers can board and manage merchants and the customer payments that they process.
 As an engineer with Infinicept, you will play an integral role in creating the foundational architecture of a young software product suite. We work in an entirely .NET stack with a mixture of ASP MVC 5/Core 3 and React JS as the front-end. You will work with software libraries like NServiceBus, Entity Framework, Swagger/Swashbuckle, and others. Our goal is to build highly scalable, distributed systems (transaction processing, data import/mapping, and API integrations) that form the back-end of multi-tenant SaaS products.
 We solve problems collaboratively, working together to find the most creative and innovative solutions to the challenges of our space within finance and technology. We value integrity, self-determination, and decisiveness. This is a hands-on position that provides the opportunity to help shape a business that is shaping an entire industry. If you’re looking for an amazing opportunity with a growing tech company that’s expanding its team, read on.
 Get your career going your way!
 Who You Are:
 You are someone who loves working with back-end systems and complex data. You enjoy the creative challenge of designing the best solution to solve a business problem. You’re never satisfied with what you’ve done and are constantly looking for ways to make a system more testable, efficient, reliable, and speedy. You believe in the power of small teams, and enjoy a collaborative process where requirements, design, development, QA, and deployment are everyone’s responsibility.
 You also:

 Enjoy being the “go-to” person when it comes to our core functionality. You enjoy having answers when people ask questions because you hate not knowing. If someone has an obscure question, you have an equally obscure answer.
 Don’t shy away from bringing new ideas to the table because you understand that innovation never stops.
 Believe in the power of small teams and enjoy a collaborative process.
 Are proficient with JavaScript and modern frameworks.
 Are comfortable working in a cloud-based (Azure) environment.
 Are comfortable with the flexibility required by an early-stage company.
 Are at ease with testing software, both in the coding stage (unit tests/TDD) and the functional stage (end-to-end and UI testing).
 Are willing to learn a complex domain ecosystem - payments is not a simple world!
 Find excitement in challenging problems, aggressive ship dates, and a fast-growing company.
 Enjoy the prospect of making big decisions that will change the shape of our software.
 Are confident in your software design skills - you should be able to start a feature from scratch and come up with something that is easy to understand, scalable, and performant.
 Enjoy brainstorming sessions with your peers, product owners, and clients to identify the best approach to design and build.

 Core Requirements:

 5+ years real world experience writing professional software
 Fearless, innovative, self-directed
 Broad technical skillset, including database design, DevOps, scripting, QA/testing, and API design
 Deep expertise in C# / .NET Core, SQL Server, and Azure

 Benefits for You:
 Infinicept believes that all team members play an important role in our company’s success. That’s why we strive to provide you with a competitive and comprehensive benefit program. We offer:

 Competitive salary (range: $130,000/annually - $160,000/annually)
 Flexible vacation policy
 15 paid company holidays per year
 Comprehensive health, dental, and vision benefits
 401(k) with match
 Flexible work from home policy
 Dog-friendly office
 Small in-office gym
 A progressive, passionate work environment
 An amazing team dedicated to both the company’s mission and your success!

 Infinicept Core Values:

 Do the Right Thing
 Be Excellent (but perfect is impossible)
 Have Integrity
 Act Like an Adult
 Eat and Drink Well

 Work Environment
 Work in a typical office environment with other staff speaking on phones or engaging in limited team conversation. The role will involve long periods of stationary movement and frequent use of computers and other hardware. Physical efforts to carry out job duties may include some standing, bending, lifting, limited stretching, and reaching.
 As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, Infinicept provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Infinicept complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. Currently we are able to transfer H1B Visas. 

**No external recruiters or agents, please.
 
zXdJygwVA7


BACKEND SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
We’re going places – want to join us!?
Perenso is a leading provider of B2B e-commerce solutions for trade show hosts, cloud show hosts and field sales representatives. Our sales force automation, trade show and cloud show operations software optimizes the sales process and increases customer profits. Perenso is the platform of choice for leading brands in food service, pet, pharmaceutical and grocery distribution sectors.
We’re a great bunch of people (if we do say so ourselves) working in a high performance, but friendly, environment. We genuinely care for our customers and are looking for our newest team member to help us create a superior customer experience.
We have plans, lots of exciting plans, that we want you to be part of including the rapid expansion of our global presence. If you’ve reviewed the details of the role below and think you’re willing and able to take this journey with us, please send through your application. We look forward to hearing from you soon.
Job description
We are searching for a full time Backend Software Engineer with the relevant professional qualifications and/or significant experience to work with our very experienced and passionate software engineers. This role reports directly to our Chief Technical Officer.
The successful applicant will have a passion for technology and development, problem solving and building platforms to delight our customers. Someone who rapidly absorbs new information has an awareness of developing technologies and their application and also drives their own development. If this sounds like you then we would like to hear from you!
Our team is located mainly in Sydney Australia and in Denver Colorado. All our staff work remotely from home based offices. We are seeking a candidate who can work within the Sydney, Australia time zone.
While you work remotely the role will involve participation in regular team meetings as well as a daily team huddle, so you will certainly feel part of the team!
Qualities 

At least 3yrs experience in backend development
Pride yourself on strong fundamentals and software craftsmanship
Passionate about writing testable, effective and communicative code
Able to architect and build highly available, scalable secure and performant systems
Strong knowledge of data and application security
Experience working with relational databases using SQL
Solid experience in agile software development practices
Excellent analytical and time management skills
Enjoys working in a collaborative team environment

Skills 

Strong proficiency in .NET C#
Strong proficiency in GraphQL APIs and REST APIs
Experience with Microsoft SQL server databases
Experience with Microsoft Azure stack

Key responsibilities 

Collaborate effectively with our development team on the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging
Define and communicate technical and design requirements
Working to deadlines
Follow emerging technologies

Key Technologies: 

.NET C#
GraphQL APIs
REST APIs
Microsoft SQL Server databases

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

APIs: 1 year (Preferred)
Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft SQL Server: 3 years (Preferred)
GraphQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   Open to Remote
 About Us With over 20 years of experience and 700+ associates across 7 different countries, CJ Affiliate (formerly Commission Junction) is the most trusted and established name in performance marketing.
 We specialize in cultivating partnerships between top brands and trusted publishers to help them drive revenue and grow their businesses. CJ’s industry-leading solutions and services are what makes our innovative marketing technology (“martech”) the platform of choice for over 3,800 global brands across all industries including retail, travel, finance, technology, and home services. As part of Publicis Groupe, our data capabilities, future-focused tech, and strategic expertise power meaningful connections so brands can reach consumers wherever they are.
 We take just as much pride in our innovative technology and comprehensive data as we do in the expertise and dedication of our people. Our collaborative teams are equipped with advanced tools, training, and career development opportunities in order to provide our clients with cutting edge solutions, strategies, and support that drive meaningful results. Our people are at the heart of it all—people who dare to think big.
 So, what is Affiliate Marketing? Think about the last time you bought something online. Maybe your favorite influencer shared a product that caught your eye. Perhaps you already knew what you wanted to buy, but there were so many options that you needed help from a trusted review site. Or maybe you simply love combing coupon sites for hot deals. However you finally made your purchase, chances are you interacted with affiliate publishers along the way—whether they influenced you, provided helpful information, or made sure you got the best price. CJ provides the performance marketing platform that connects brands with these publishers to create valuable resources frequently used by shoppers such as yourself.
 Here's why you’ll love working here In addition to competitive salaries, 401K matching, wellness reimbursement programs, life insurance, comprehensive medical, dental and vision coverage, we also offer:

 Flexible time off, no accrual necessary
 Paid holidays
 Company-sponsored team building events
 Business Resource Groups
 Annual recognition awards
 Flexible work arrangements
 Parental bonding leave
 Back-up child/elder care
 Employee discount program
 International SOS program
 Employee referral program

 Just to name a few of our perks.



  Job Description
   As a Software Engineer 3 at CJ, you’ll have the benefit of working in a supportive, highly collaborative and entrepreneurial environment. A culture of passion and respect and technical excellence and the ownership and accountability of working on a fully self-contained, cross-functional engineering team gives you the ability to grow, make an impact, and get things done. It’s innovation, done sustainably and intelligently, at scale.
 Some of our application domains:

 Real-time high-volume click streaming, attribution, and analytics
 Multi-currency financial clearinghouse
 Partnership recommendation engine
 GraphQL APIs
 Advertising media delivery
 Data lake to support ad hoc data science and reporting

 Some technologies we use:

 AWS
 ReactJS
 Java, Scala, Kotlin
 Serverless
 SQL & NoSQL
 Kafka, Hadoop, Kinesis

 Some practices we employ:

 Agile software development
 Infrastructure-as-code
 Pair programming
 Test Driven Development
 Continuous Delivery




  Qualifications
   We are looking for an accomplished software engineer with 3+ years in software design and implementation, with a bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience. In addition, we are looking for experience with and/or interest in some of:

 Agile software development
 Automated build and continuous delivery
 Front end development using React
 SQL databases
 NoSQL databases
 Pair Programming
 Test-driven Development
 Object Oriented Programming
 Functional Programming
 Scala

 Additional Information
   Why CJ Affiliate?
 CJ Affiliate is the leader in Affiliate Marketing. We take pride in our innovative technology, comprehensive data solutions and our people. We equip our teams with advanced tools, training and career development opportunities all to provide cutting edge solutions, strategies and support to deliver high quality results for our clients. We work in an energetic, results-oriented, collaborative, team environment that recognizes exceptional performance. As we evolve and grow as a business, so do you.
 We're a community of creative and passionate problem solvers who go the distance to tackle the tough questions, think outside the box, and drive intelligent growth, for our clients—and ourselves. We foster and embody an inclusive and collaborative culture where diverse perspectives are sought, relationships are valued, and people feel accepted with a sense of belonging in expressing themselves authentically. We pride ourselves in having a workplace environment that values both work and play. Business Resource Groups, Fun team outings, office events, and flexible time off mean a work life balance with colleagues that turn into lifelong friends.
 Conditions of Employment
 All job offers are contingent upon successful completion of certain background checks which unless prohibited by applicable law may include criminal history checks, employment verification, education verification, drug screens, credit checks, DMV checks (for driving positions only) and fingerprinting.
 Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
 We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.





   Updox, an EverCommerce company, is seeking a Software Engineer to join our team. We believe that high quality, innovative software is built in a collaborative workshop environment, rather than by workers on an assembly line. Our team values passion and dedication over drudgery and busywork. We believe in sharing and valuing everyone's thoughts and ideas, and empowering our engineers to go beyond just developing to yes or no criteria and think about the problem more holistically.
  


    You
  

    You have a passion for breaking new ground every day, while delivering cutting edge software solutions, and a drive to continuously improve one's craft while striving for perfection each and every day. You're excited by continuously learning new languages and technologies, and you're looking for a chance to learn and leverage Agile practices, work on various layers of the architecture stack, build awesome web and mobile apps, and learn to love the safety of a well written automated test.
  


    Us
  

    Updox, an EverCommerce company, provides next-generation virtual care, patient engagement, and office productivity solutions that enable practices to reduce costs and drive revenue. Based on increasing demand for solutions that seamlessly work together to improve practice efficiency and provide an engaging patient experience, Updox has continuously brought new functionality to market. We are committed to cultivating an environment that is diverse and inclusive—with equal opportunities for everyone. From employee recruitment to personal development, we are building a team that encourages all who step into our office to be their authentic selves.
  


    EverCommerce [Nasdaq: EVCM] is a leading service commerce platform, providing vertically-tailored, integrated SaaS solutions that help more than 600,000 global service-based businesses accelerate growth, streamline operations, and increase retention. Our modern digital and mobile applications create predictable, informed, and convenient experiences between customers and their service professionals. Specializing in Home & Field Services, Health Services, and Fitness & Wellness industries, EverCommerce solutions include end-to-end business management software, embedded payment acceptance, marketing technology, and customer engagement applications.
  


    Where
  

    Updox headquarters are in Dublin, Ohio. The EverCommerce team is distributed across North America, with more than 40 office locations in the U.S. and Canada. With a widely distributed team, we are used to working remotely across different time zones. This role can be based anywhere in the United States; if you're near one of our offices and want to work in-office, we can set that up, or this role can be 100% remote. You must be eligible to work in the United States in order to qualify for this role.
  


    Key Responsibilities
  

    A Software Engineer is responsible for participating in many aspects of the Updox software development lifecycle for both new application development and existing system maintenance, including:
  



      Requirements Estimation
    


      Software Development
    


      Test Coverage Standards
    


      Code Reviewing your peers
    


      Software Deployment
    


      Software Demonstrations
    


      Daily Stand Ups
    


      Retrospectives
    



    Skills and Experience
  



      Strong written and verbal communications skills
    


      Source Control experience (Git Preferred)
    


      5+ years of backend or service experience (Java or C#)
    


      3+ years of web framework experience (Vue.js, React, Angularjs)
    


      1+ years of experience with message brokering solutions (RabbitMQ, Kafka)
    


      Working knowledge of SQL and Object to Relational Mapping frameworks
    


      Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
    



    Nice to Haves:
  



      Experience Mentoring
    


      Experience developing for and testing across multiple browsers and devices within mobile and desktop environments
    


      Experience with MySQL
    


      3+ years of experience with automated unit and integration testing solutions
    


      3+ years of experience with Build automation tools (Maven, ant, etc)
    










           EverCommerce is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We look forward to reviewing your credentials and getting to know more about your experience!
         








Lead Software Engineer

JOB DESCRIPTION

POSITION SUMMARY

As a Lead Software engineer, you will work closely with the rest of the 0 Percent departments to ensure that our company is using the most efficient and effective technologies, integrations and processes to execute our daily operations. We are seeking a Lead software engineer who is interested in helping our company scale to new heights year after year by providing excellent support to our multiple departments and working with other leaders to impact the company's performance. This position will be responsible for managing their own small IT team that will support the company in all their technological endeavors and ensuring that the hardware and software used by our company is compatible, secure, and scalable.

ABOUT YOUR COMPANY

We are 0 Percent! Our company operates in the financial industry, educating and consulting clients on Cryptocurrency, Real-estate and creative financing for small business. Our mission is to transform our clients’ lives through financial literacy and ultimately empower them to achieve financial independence. We want to see every team member reach their personal, professional, and financial goals through the work we do together. Our core values are the backbone of our business and guide our hiring process. We are Transparent, Disciplined, Results Driven, Aligned, Committed and Growth Oriented.

PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES

Delegating or completing IT ticket submissions.

Executing IT/Software projects in a timely manner.

Development and training of IT department employees and company IT related procedures.

Establishing expectations and accountability with the department.

Developing internal department structures, SOPs, escalations, and workflows.

Optimizing company shared systems and processes for efficiency.

Helps to define company-wide data entry and reporting best practices.

Managing data integrity and information security company wide.

Evaluate current technical architecture and improve infrastructure as needed.

Gather requirements from business and develop integrations between various technologies to improve efficiency.

Utilize 3rd party APIs to connect systems, automate flows, and add new capabilities for our users.

Work on the development of full-stack solutions to operate our business with increased functionality and scale.

Providing hardware and software support for desktop and laptop computers and being responsible for the imaging and deployment of all desktop and laptop computers.
Managing technology onboarding and offboarding of staff.

Managing and maintaining operating systems including deployment of software updates and applications.

Key point on sourcing company related software and hardware.

KEY COMPETENCIES

The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required to be successful in this role, but are not necessarily all inclusive.

Ability to read, write and modify Javascript, angular, react and Node JS at an intermediate level. (Bonus knowledge of PHP)

Ability to maintain and refactor our mobile application written in react-native.

Self sufficient problem solver. The ability to solve problems with little information is crucial to this role.

Proven ability to motivate, inspire, and coach team members.

Success selecting and evaluating team members with a focus on building relationships.

Experience successfully maintaining a positive attitude while working in a team environment with competing priorities

Strong computer skills and highly proficient in Mac Os, cloud base applications, Hubspot, Integramat, Zapier, Google work space, Zoom, Google Suite, Aircall, Slack, Sakari, and infinity.

Ability to think critically, in the assessment of materials that will help teams understand new concepts and procedures.

 Knowledge of ITIL process/Scrum/Agile.

Ability to find and fix errors in programs, systems and software.

Ability to work quickly and be proactive without being managed or held accountable.

Outstanding organization and administrative accountability.

Strong written and verbal communication skills.

Ability to think individually as well as collaborative with other team members.

Assist team members in achieving their goals by aligning their goals with company goals.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

Bachelor Degree or higher in related fields. (Required)

Minimum (7) years of Lead software engineering experience. (Required)

Minimum (5) years of managing a software development team. (Required)

Google, Hubspot, AWS Certification (Preferred)

Experience working with team members across multiple functional roles (Preferred)

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

Ability to spend prolonged periods of time standing, sitting, or walking.

Ability to work in an enclosed office environment.

Must be able to lift at least 25lbs.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential requirements.

BENEFITS

Health insurance.

Dental insurance.

Vision Insurance.

Short term and long term disability insurance.

Life Insurance.

Accident insurance.

Hospital insurance.

Paid Time Off.

Remote Friday.

Company Laptop.

Professional development and training opportunities.

Free entry to select 0 Percent events.

Free 24/7 parking at our Brickell Miami parking garage.

COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY

As an equal opportunity employer committed to meeting the needs of a multigenerational and multicultural workforce, 0 Percent recognizes that a diverse staff, reflective of our community, is an integral and welcome part of a successful and ethical business. We hire local talent at all levels regardless of race, color, religion, age, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, or disability and actively foster inclusion in all forms both within our company and across interactions with clients, candidates, and partners.

If this position caught your eye, send us your resume! For best consideration, send an email with your resume to HR@0percent.com. Already a 0 Percent candidate? Please connect directly with your recruiter to discuss this opportunity.See yourself at Twilio

Join the team as our next ML Engineer

Who we are & why we're hiring

Twilio powers real-time business communications and data solutions that help companies and developers worldwide build better applications and customer experiences.

Although we're headquartered in San Francisco, we have presence throughout South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. We're on a journey to becoming a globally anti-racist, anti-oppressive, anti-bias company that actively opposes racism and all forms of oppression and bias. At Twilio, we support diversity, equity & inclusion wherever we do business. We employ thousands of Twilions worldwide, and we're looking for more builders, creators, and visionaries to help fuel our growth momentum.

About the job

This position is needed to scope, design, and deploy machine learning systems into the real world to ensure that communication across Twilio platforms remains legal, safe and wanted.

As a Machine-Learning Engineer, you thrive at designing large-scale systems, building complex predictive models, performing efficient experimentation and automating processes. You will partner with Architects, Product Managers and Operational Leaders for developing anti-fraud/ anti-abuse systems for our customers.

Responsibilities

In this role, you'll:

Build algorithms based on statistical modelling procedures and build and maintain scalable machine learning solutions in production
Transform data science prototypes and applying appropriate ML algorithms and tools
Work closely with the Data Scientists, build tools to enhance their productivity and to ship and maintain ML models
Analyze huge datasets to perform EDA and come out with patterns and features to support the problem statement.
Manage the infrastructure and data pipelines needed to bring code to production
Demonstrate end-to-end understanding of applications (including, but not limited to, the machine learning algorithms) being created
Partner with product managers and architects to analyse business problems, clarify requirements and define the scope of the systems needed
Use cloud platforms such as AWS or GCP to handle larger scale data
Support operational leaders by developing code to automate manual processes
Drive high engineering standards on the team through code review, automated testing, and mentoring.
Develop white papers, blogs, reference implementations, labs, and presentations to evangelize Twilio's design patterns and best practices for Anti-Fraud/ Anti-Abuse solutions
Qualifications

Not all applicants will have skills that match a job description exactly. Twilio values diverse experiences in other industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. While having "desired" qualifications make for a strong candidate, we encourage applicants with alternative experiences to also apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!

Required:

Ph.D./MS/Bachelor's in Computer Science, statistics, or related field
2+ years of applied ML experience in statistical and mathematical modeling such as supervised and unsupervised machine learning, deep learning, and/or reinforcement learning; 3+ years and a Master's degree
Track record of building, shipping and maintaining machine learning systems in a highly ambiguous and fast paced environment.
Exposure to different ML frameworks and exposure to services like Sagemaker, Clarify, Model Monitoring, TensorFlow, MxNet, PyTorch, Sklearn, etc. preferred
Have hands-on experience with container orchestration frameworks (e.g. Kubernetes, EKS, ECS)
Familiarity with concepts related to testing and maintaining models in production such as A/B testing, retraining, monitoring model performance
Hands on experience with modern data storage, messaging, and processing tools (Kafka, Flink, Spark, Hadoop, Cassandra, etc.) and demonstrated experience designing and coding in big-data components such as DynamoDB or similar
Proficiency in Python is preferred. We will also consider strong quantitative candidates with a background in other programming languages such as Scala/Java

Desired:

Experience developing products on AWS or Google Cloud Services.
Experience in configuration management for deploying, configuring, and managing servers and systems.

Location

This role will be remote, and based in the USA. No travel is required.

What We Offer

There are many benefits to working at Twilio, including, in addition to competitive pay, things like generous time-off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.

Twilio thinks big. Do you?

We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.

So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now!

If this role isn't what you're looking for, please consider other open positions.

(Location dependent information)
Please note this role is open to candidates outside of Colorado as well. The information below is provided for those hired in Colorado only.
If you are a Colorado applicant:

The estimated pay range for this role, based in Colorado, is $109,280.00 - $150,260.
Non-Sales: Additionally, this role is eligible to participate in Twilio's equity plan.

The successful candidate's starting salary will be determined based on permissible, non-discriminatory factors such as skills, experience, and geographic location within the state. This role is also eligible to participate in Twilio's equity plan and for the following benefits: health care insurance, 401(k) retirement account, paid sick time, paid personal time off, paid parental leave.OPENTEXT - THE INFORMATION COMPANY

As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management.
The Opportunity
The Intelligent Viewing / Core Viewing & Transformation product team is a software development organization that provides publishing and viewing technology that serve as the foundational viewing experience for multiple OpenText products in both on-premise and SaaS solutions. High quality and low latency viewing and publishing experiences are a baseline expectation from all OpenText customer bases, and this team delivers to those expectations.
We are looking for a talented, Principal Software Engineer to join the OpenText Intelligent Viewing & Transformation Service Product Development organization. In this role, you will have the opportunity to directly support our product and our customers by innovating on new ideas and methods, architectural patterns and practices, and addressing customer issues and feature requests. You will be a senior member of the publishing team and part of a scrum team from design and development through to delivery. In this role, you will work closely with peer engineers, Dev & Cloud Ops, QA, documentation, and product management. You will mentor junior members of the team as well as collaborate with lead engineers from other groups within OpenText on best practices and techniques. If you have a passion for technology and delivering impactful software, you could be a good fit.
You are great at:
Being passionate about all software development levels: architecture, design, implementation, test, and deployment.
12-factor asynchronous/reactive REST service development using Javascript and Java delivered to both containerized and vm runtime environments driven by automated CI/CD pipelines.
Delivering high-quality software that is scalable, high-performing, and secure.
Decomposing work into tasks to be completed in days rather than weeks or months as a part of Scrum’s framework.
Moving products from idea to feature request analysis, design, development, test, and into production environment.
Evaluating & adopting new technologies and innovating on concepts.
Reviewing code of other software developers
Mentoring junior software developers
What it takes:
Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, software engineering, computer engineering, information systems
Prefer 10 years of experience developing enterprise-class product solutions.
Prefer 10 years working with Java, including functional programming paradigms.
Prefer 5+ years working with databases such as PostgreSQL, some document database experience.
Experience being a technical leader and innovator for a team.
Experience with reactive/asynchronous programming with supporting libraries such as rxjs and/or rxjava.
Experience working with Docker, Kubernetes and Helm in multiple cloud providers is a plus.
Experience with delivering products as on-premise, single-tenant and SaaS offerings.
Experience with CI/CD automation and tools such as TeamCity and Gitlab CI/CD.
Proven history of building enterprise software products with a focus on performance, scaling, high availability, and security
While OpenText is an Equal Opportunity Employer, our efforts to build an inclusive work environment go beyond simply complying with applicable laws. Our Employment Equity and Diversity Policy provides direction on maintaining a working environment that is inclusive of everyone, regardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, religion, or other basis protected by applicable laws. Should you require accommodations during the selection process, please contact accomodationrequests@opentext.com.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, OpenText’s global vaccination policy requires all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter an OpenText office to maintain a safe workplace for our employees.



DevOps Engineer



 Location: Remote
   

 Department: Engineering
   

 Hours: Full-time
   


 About YLD:



 Everything we do is to empower our clients to move forward. Our 
    purpose is to help our clients develop the capabilities they need to outperform their competitors. Our 
    success is a consequence of ensuring our clients are successful. Our 
    company is built on extraordinary people; we aim to attract, inspire, develop and retain them. YLD is a software engineering and design consultancy; we create digital capabilities for our clients that last beyond our engagement. We have offices in London, Lisbon, Porto.
   


 About the role:



 You will work on delivering digital transformation projects at FTSE-100 companies, using technologies such as Kubernetes and Docker, built with Continuous Deployment pipelines within AWS/Google Cloud (although we’re not confined to only use these and will work with the most suitable tools).
   


 About you



 A YLD DevOps Consultant is a highly-skilled Software Engineer who exemplifies the highest standards and enjoys sharing their knowledge and experience with others. Your desire to acquire new skills and knowledge will be fuelled by your team.
   


 This position would be hands-on, helping to deliver the core infrastructure, associated pipelines and related services in a pragmatic way that focuses on keeping the DevOps team a core component of software delivery, from providing the platform for application developers to build on.
   


 With millions of unique daily visitors, you will need to have previous experience of deploying across multiple regions. You have a real passion for problem solving, you are an active learner and get excited by working collaboratively with those around you.
   





 The Dev

 Previous CI/CD experience Preferably worked with Java, Node.js or Go but any relevant development experience is a huge plus Advocate of TDD: Writing infrastructure or code without tests should be unthinkable Has a solid understanding and passion for excellent software development practises Legally able to live and work in Portugal





The Ops

 Strong experience in production Strong experience with container orchestration systems like Kubernetes Experience with AWS, GCP or Azure Infrastructure as code tools including Terraform and Ansible Build, ship and run using Docker Understands how a Load Balancer works and used either Traefik, Nginx, HaProxy or a Cloud-based Load Balancer Linux/RHEL/Ubuntu environment





We’re an equal opportunity employer and value diversity of all kinds. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, age, marital status, or disability status. We also offer a remote-first working environment, meaning that flexible working and work-life balance come as standard for all employees.




Title: DevOps Engineer
Contract to Hire - W2 - (Independent Consultants only)
Remote
Must-Have Skills: 
o This is infrastructure DevOps not application DevOps position
o They prefer from data center background / networking/ systems side/ administration background – as this is for 5G project
o Deploying AWS infrastructure - with core AWS services such as EC2, VPC, IAM, S3 and RDS
o IaaC, with Terraform
o Experience building CI/CD pipelines
o AWS Associate-level Certification (required within 6 months of employment) - Preferred
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 8 years (Required)
Terraform: 5 years (Required)
CI/CD: 6 years (Required)
DevOps: 9 years (Preferred)

License/Certification:

AWS Certification (Required)

Work Location: Remote


5+ or more years of professional experience in a software Implementation team
3+ Experience in iSeries programming languages (RPG IV, RPG Free-form, CL and DDS and knowledgeable of ILE features including Service Programs, Sub Procedures and Module Binding
Experience with SQL techniques such as Embedded SQL, Stored Procedures Interactive SQL and QM Query
Minimum of four years’ experience with software methodologies

Job Type: Contract
Salary: $40.00 - $42.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

SQL: 5 years (Preferred)
DDS: 5 years (Preferred)
RPG IV: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
WHY BECOME A DEFINER?

Here at RxDefine we ethically empower people to navigate their health. We believe that every human should have low cost, transparent access to the information, products, and services they need to take full ownership of their health.

We are looking for like-minded people eager to join our team and to help architect the future of life science commercialization through our enterprise SaaS products. We are a small but mighty team of around 60 (for now!) internationally-based colleagues. As we grow, we are looking for Definers who want to join us on our growth journey and who are ALSO committed to our values of teamwork and honesty!

Our founding team has designed and built companies on the consumer front acquired by Google, as well as enterprise tech companies deployed across The Fortune 500. We are backed by some of the best investors in the world, including RRE Ventures, Bling Capital, Founders Fund, Greycroft, and more.
PERKS OF BEING A DEFINER:

Impacting the future of healthcare - your innovations could very likely become the new norm for millions of people.
Working alongside the founders of the company. If you have any entrepreneurial desire to start your own company in the future, you will see first-hand what it takes.
100% fully remote, internationally DISTRIBUTED team, but with frequent opportunities to collaborate in-person.
Technology, office setup & co-working space reimbursement!
Freedom and responsibility to structure your work as you desire. We measure output and results and believe freedom allows for maximum ability.
Unlimited PTO!
Family leave, up to 10 weeks of 100% paid salary.
Open communication - we believe in being transparent and radically honest with no retaliation.
Competitive salary and equity
Medical/dental/vision benefits

CULTURAL VALUES:

 Radically Honest, Dedicated, Independent, Dependable, Empathize & Do What's Right
THE VALUE YOU WILL BRING!

You have real-world experience building complex distributed systems
You genuinely care about code quality and test infrastructure and you prioritize end-user experience and business value over "cool tech."
You have developed "computer science fundamentals", i.e. concurrency, algorithms, and data structures (Formal CS degree NOT required)
Experience developing client-server applications and RESTful services
Advanced experience in React.JS
Understanding of REST
Excellent HTML/CSS/JS knowledge
A passion for UX/UI
Experience with Git & Typescript
Bonus:
Experience with RabbitMQ, Redis, PostgreSQL, JIRA, Docker
Enterprise SaaS or previous experience within the HealthCare field
Experience working with Django and DRF (Django Rest framework)
Large scale data pipelines involving 3rd parties
API to power complex visualizations powered by ECharts, d3 etc.
DevOps experience (Kubernetes, Google Cloud, Terraform, GitlabCI/CD).
ID Graph experience
We encourage you to apply, even if you don't fit all of these requirements

WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOOK FORWARD TO?

RxDefine is seeking a Full Stack Software Engineer to develop code across the entire stack that serves a range of clients from bleeding edge to major pharmaceutical companies. You will build secure, scalable and resilient infrastructure from the ground up, and participate in architecture development and enhancement. It will be critical to find the right balance between progress (i.e. shipping quickly) and perfection (i.e. measuring twice).

RxDefine provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
#LI-Remote
VAS Security Team is focusing on various aspects of the autonomous vehicle security including the embedded ECUs and their lifecycle, as well as the communication to the back offices.
You are expected to be fluent in software development processes and methodologies and have keen interest in computer security. We are designing and developing novel and unique solutions on multiple levels from embedded to cloud and welcome candidates from various backgrounds. Let us know where your interests lie: in low-level embedded software, secure communication protocols, cloud applications, DevOps, cryptography.
Job Responsibilities

To commit to and deliver secure, high quality software products in a timely fashion
To adhere to software engineering best practices
To contribute to a healthy company culture and team spirit
To effectively convey ideas, and solutions to peers and upper management

Qualifications

BS in CS, EE or equivalent experience, MS preferred
3-5 years of related engineering experience
Experience building applications for Linux/Unix and/or Real-Time Kernels
Strong coding skills in Python and/or C/C++
Solid understanding of networking protocols and building blocks: IP, DNS, HTTPS
Familiarity with Git or equivalent version control systems

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $125,000.00 - $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

 10+ years within specific technology domain areas (e.g. software development, cloud computing, systems engineering, infrastructure, security, networking, data & analytics) 
 
 Proven track record of leading the delivery of large-scale, high-quality systems 
 
 Demonstrated passion for customer experience and usability, including successful delivery of customer self-service tools and automated management/optimization of services, and a strong services orientation 
 
 Experience managing complex projects, with significant bottom-line impact 
 
 Experience leading development life cycle process and best practices 
 
 Experience with Agile Management (SCRUM, RUP, XP) 
 
 Experience mentoring/training the engineering community on complex technical issues 
 
 Job summary 
 Do you have a passion for helping millions of customers globally? Ring is seeking an experienced Principal Engineer to drive overall technical strategy and architecture to deliver personalization, automation, and conversational assistants and more to millions of our customers. 
 
 Key job responsibilities 
 Define and design global systems, ensuring build of high performing, scalable systems that fit well together 
 
 Serve as a engineering leader on our most demanding, cross-functional projects and develop end-to-end solution architecture and design 
 
 Exert technical influence over multiple teams by defining technology strategy spanning customer-facing and enterprise applications 
 Identify system inter-dependencies and limitations and provide solutions 
 
 Evaluate build versus buy options 
 
 Functionally decompose complex problems into simple and re-usable technical solutions 
 
 A day in the life 
 You'll be the pragmatic visionary responsible for defining and designing scalable systems that fit well together. You will be influencing multiple product and engineering teams by defining technology strategy and roadmaps. 
 
 About the team 
 About the team 
 Ring's customer experience team delivers easy to use omnichannel experiences ranging from mobile, virtual chat, and self-serve tools across the customer lifecycle. Since its founding in 2013, Ring has been on a mission to make neighborhoods safer. From the video doorbell, to Ring Alarm, which was named #1 in Customer Satisfaction for DIY Home Security Systems by J.D. Power. At Ring, we are committed to making home and neighborhood security accessible and effective for everyone -- while working hard to bring communities together. Ring is an Amazon company. For more information, visit www.ring.com. With Ring, you’re always home. 
 
 2+ years of hands-on experience as a principal-level software engineer 
 
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Job Description: Senior DevOps Engineer - Lumaverse Technologies
About Lumaverse Technologies:
Lumaverse Technologies helps nonprofits and schools build active communities—our solutions make it easier for members, volunteers, donors, event attendees, and parents to get involved and stay informed. Anchored by SignUpGenius, America’s #1 sign up app, Lumaverse touched over 146M customers in the last year. Our mission is to build group technology solutions that light the way to increased engagement, data-driven insights, and streamlined group management.
When you work with Lumaverse, you’re signing up to work with an agile team of people who like to get things done, simply and at a huge scale. You’ll also be part of a company that is a perennial winner of the Best Places to Work Award due to a creative, fun, and caring culture.
We’re seeking a seasoned, meticulous, and driven Senior DevOps Engineer to manage our AWS infrastructure, code releases, application security and corporate IT. You’ll focus on database performance monitoring, tuning and overall health of our core business applications. As our platform adds additional SaaS tools, you’ll have the exciting potential to oversee the technology infrastructure for a variety of applications and have the opportunity to tackle scaling challenges. This role is for someone who knows all aspects of the DevOps space and can manage and excel in each piece of the business application.
You can expect to:
· Work across various products in the “Lumaverse” that are at varying stages of maturity in adopting DevOps philosophies.
· Work in areas that encompass many different job descriptions – you’ll hone your Site Reliability, Cloud Architecture, and Information Security skills.
Responsibilities:

Monitor, optimize, maintain, and expand server infrastructure in AWS to provide fast and uninterrupted delivery of the applications
Establish, document, and execute periodic security audits and penetration tests
Establish, document, execute and train others on backup and restore procedures
Establish the budget for IT and hosting
Maintain email infrastructure for the company and train/assist employees with email issues
Perform load testing of new application features and provided developers with recommendations for performance and security improvements
Review application SQL and optimize queries and indexing for performance and scale
Administer the code repository and control permissions for all team members

· Analyze, design, and implement automation processes for continuous deployments

Establish and maintain a standardized development environment for the dev team
Manage IT staff on technology operation items including office network, employee laptops, company software and office media/electronics
As the team expands, interview, train, review and ensure opportunities for growth for all DevOps and IT team members

Requirements:
· Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field
· 5+ years’ experience as a DevOps Engineer, DBA or equivalent software-engineering roll for a large-scale application
· Deep knowledge of AWS solutions including ECS, EC2, Parameter Store, Terraform, security groups, load balancing, auto-scaling, snapshots, point-in-time recovery, high IOPS drives, etc.
· Strong database skills with an understanding of MS SQL Server, indexing, statistics, maintenance tasks and troubleshooting.
· Strong command of IIS
· Detailed knowledge tools used in continuous integration
· Working knowledge of application system monitoring tools
· Strong knowledge of other web-related technologies including CDNs, DNS, Version control and VMware
· Experience with testing, continuous integration, and continuous deployment
· Experience with computer networking, PC and Macintosh hardware/software and office IT technology
Terms of Employment:

Full time
Work location: Remote within U.S., East Coast preferred
No sponsorship, U.S. based only
Salary: DOE
Benefits: group health insurance (medical, dental, and vision), 401(k) matching, life insurance, disability, 8 holidays, unlimited PTO, employee-centric giving program, end-of-year bonus, professional development, and more.

To apply, please send your resume and cover letter in PDF format to: resume [at] Lumaverse [dot] com.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $150,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Work Location: Remote



Fastly helps people stay better connected with the things they love. Fastly's edge cloud platform enables customers to create great digital experiences quickly, securely, and reliably by processing, serving, and securing our customers' applications as close to their end-users as possible — at the edge of the Internet. The platform is designed to take advantage of the modern internet, to be programmable, and to support agile software development. Fastly's customers include many of the world's most prominent companies, including Vimeo, Pinterest, The New York Times, and GitHub.
 We're building a more trustworthy Internet. Come join us.

 Staff Software Engineer - Data Interfaces
 We are looking for software engineers to join the Data Interfaces team at Fastly! We are building a new suite of observability products that allow Fastly customers to draw valuable insights from real-time and historic data within the Fastly platform. Our goal is to give customers the ability to effortlessly understand the state of their systems so that they can take prompt, meaningful action.
 As a software engineer, you'll be a key part of a collaborative, multi-functional team that includes product, design, and both API and UI engineers. We are open to engineers across experience levels and backgrounds, and we encourage senior, staff, or even principal-level engineers to apply. This role is fully remote and can be hired in the U.S. or Canada.
 What You'll Do

Design, develop, test, and maintain systems and customer-facing APIs that allow customers to derive valuable insights
Work closely with UI engineers to deliver APIs that support them in delivering performant, usable user interfaces
Create design documents as a way of collaborating across groups in the design of new systems and APIs
Collaborate with the Product team to find and evaluate opportunities to create and deliver new products/features
Write code that is performant, maintainable, clear, and concise

What We're Looking For

Experience crafting customer-facing products
Experience building resilient, high-scale, low-latency microservices in production environments
Experience programming in Go or similar languages
An interest in data processing and/or data visualization
A desire to learn and grow new skills

We value a variety of voices, so this is not a laundry list. It would be an added bonus if you have experience in ANY of these:

Go or similar programming languages
Relational and non-relational storage systems (MySQL, BigTable, BigQuery, Dynamo, Cassandra)
Message queues (Kafka, Google Pub/Sub, Kinesis)
Kubernetes or similar orchestration platform
Stream processing pipelines

In accordance with applicable law, Fastly's minimum base pay for this role if hired in Colorado is $169,000 per year. Additionally, this role is eligible to participate in Fastly's equity plan. Final offer amount will be at the company's sole discretion and determined by multiple factors, including years and depth of experience and expertise, location and other business considerations. Note that this role is available to candidates outside of Colorado and different minimum compensation may apply.
 Fastly is proud to deliver a strong total rewards program to our employees. This role is eligible to participate in the following benefits:

Health benefits (medical, dental, and vision)
Medical: Cigna or Kaiser available 
Retirement benefits and employer match
Life Insurance (Basic and Voluntary Life)
Short & Long Term Disability with a buy-up LTD option
Voluntary Accident & Critical Illness benefits
Flex Spending Accounts & Mass Transit benefits
Open Vacation Policy
Sick Time
Generous leave benefits (medical, maternity, paternity, and personal)
Paid wellness days
Employee Assistance Program
Learning & reimbursement program stipend
Mobile and internet allowance
Wellness stipend
Pet insurance

Fastly reserves the right to amend or modify for any reasons in accordance with applicable law.

 Why Fastly?

We have a huge impact. Fastly is a small company with a big reach. Not only do our customers have a tremendous user base, but we also support a growing number of open source projects and initiatives. Outside of code, employees are encouraged to share causes close to their heart with others so we can help lend a supportive hand. 
We love distributed teams. Fastly's home-base is in San Francisco, but we have multiple offices and employees sprinkled around the globe. In fact, 50% of our employees work outside of SF! An international remote culture is in our DNA. 
We care about you. Fastly works hard to create a positive environment for our employees, and we think your life outside of work is important too. We support our teams with great benefits like up to 20 weeks of paid parental leave, options for free medical/dental/vision plans, and an open vacation program that enables our folks to take the time they need to recharge (some benefits may vary by location). 
We value diversity. Growing and maintaining our inclusive and diverse team matters to us. We are committed to being a company where our employees feel comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work and have the ability to be successful - every day. 
We are passionate. Fastly is chock full of passionate people and we're not 'one size fits all'. Fastly employs authors, pilots, skiers, parents (of humans and animals), makeup geeks, coffee connoisseurs, and more. We love employees for who they are and what they are passionate about. 

We're always looking for humble, sharp, and creative folks to join the Fastly team. If you think you might be a fit, please apply!


 Fastly is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunity and to providing employees with a safe and welcoming work environment free of discrimination and harassment.
 Employment decisions at Fastly are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, family or parental status, disability*, age, veteran status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Fastly encourages applicants from all backgrounds.

Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done which will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing undue hardship on Fastly. Please inform us if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process.

 Fastly collects and processes personal data submitted by job applicants in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please see our privacy notice for job applicants.



InfoEd Global is seeking a full stack developer with experience programming with Angular 2+, RxJS, .NET, and SQL Server. Ideal candidates will have a solid understanding of object-oriented inheritance.
Core Responsibilities: 

Fix issues as identified by clients, Product Specialists, and QA Analysts
Interpret specifications to develop new functionality
Maintain proper coding standards

Prerequisites: 

College degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
5+ years experience in a software development environment
Experience with Angular 2+, .NET, SQL Server, RxJS
Entity Framework, Angular Material, and understanding of multi-tenant architecture are a plus
Public Github with examples of your code are welcomed

InfoEd Global takes pride in recruiting, developing and retaining highly talented individuals. In addition to competitive salaries, we offer a comprehensive benefits package including 401(k) plans with 100% matching contributions, life insurance at no cost to team members, reimbursement programs for medical expenses, and more!
InfoEd Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer and as such, does not discriminate in its hiring or employment practices.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Day shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Front-end development: 5 years (Preferred)
CSS: 1 year (Preferred)
Angular: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Senior Back-end Developer - .NET Immediate - 3x Openings 100% Remote Long term Contract contract OR Contract To Hire Expedited IV Process - Initial Telephone screenings from May 17th onwards 
One of our established and longstanding clients has asked us to assist in continuing to grow their dev team headcount and is now seeking 3x experienced Senior Level .Net Developers for 100% remote roles.
Successful candidates will have an immediate impact on a number of mission critical projects used globally in all client locations. Looking for candidates who want to step up and contribute, not just coast along or work on maintaining legacy code.
Streamlined 2 Stage Interview Process - NO LIVE CODING! Requirements:

3-5+ years of experience with .NET framework
Cloud experience - AWS Preferred
Strong CI/CD experience - Docker Preferred
Strong Agile experience
Demonstrable ability to work in a rapidly changing environment and able to adapt approach to deliver business objectives

Interested? Get in touch today for first round screenings!
Candidates must be eligible to accept sponsorship within the US without requiring sponsorship either now or in the future. This role is not open to third party vendors (No C2C) 
Senior Back-end Developer - .NET - IT - Senior Back-end Developer - .NET CORE- Immediate - .NET - Development – Microservice - Micro service – AWS - IT - Backend - API - Rest - IT – Senior Back-end Developer - .net - .Net Developer C# - Remote
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $80.00 - $110.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

.net: 6 years (Required)
Service-oriented architecture: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote




    Tastypill is a top mobile game company focused on creating the most innovative hyper casual games and publishing them to mobile markets. We work with talented game development teams from all around the world to produce hit games and scale them to the top of the charts. Our games have over 600 million downloads and 55 million monthly active users. We are looking for talented professionals to join us as we continue to scale our team. If you are a rockstar and love what you do, come join us!
   


 We are looking for a skilled and creative Game Designer who has a passion for hypercasual mobile games. This driven individual is results-oriented and ready to make an impact with our game creation process.
   



Responsibilities: 

Implement game design best practices in various aspects of the game development process Analyze and improve mobile game mechanics Introduce new game concepts, level designs and feature enhancement ideas Suggest design improvements by studying game play data and user behavior Work with cross functional teams to communicate and gain new information Stay current with market trends to ensure our game development process is up-to-date and competitive





Requirements:

 3+ years professional experience in mobile game design Strong ability to design and conceptualize game mechanics and features Passionate about game mechanics and finding trends Team oriented and excellent communication skills The ability to learn quickly and the desire to always research and learn





Bonus: 

Experience in the hypercasual games industry Track record with successful mobile games





Benefits:

 Competitive salary Medical, dental, & vision insurance Flex PTO Profit Sharing 401K match





    Tastypill is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and hire on the basis of qualifications and business needs.
   






About Kraken



 As one of the largest and most trusted 
    digital asset platforms globally, we are empowering people to experience the life-changing potential of crypto. Trusted by over 8 million consumer and pro traders, institutions, and authorities worldwide - our unique combination of products, services, and global expertise is helping tip the scales towards mass crypto adoption. But we’re only just getting started. We want to be pioneers in crypto and add value to the everyday lives of billions. Now is not the time to sit on the sidelines. Join us to bring crypto to the world.
   


 About the Role



 This is a fully remote role, we will consider applicants based in North America, South America and EMEA.



 Our Engineering team is having a blast while delivering the most sophisticated crypto-trading platform out there. Help us continue to define and lead the industry.
   


 As part of Kraken's Core Backend team, you will work within a world-class team of engineers building Kraken's infrastructure using Rust. As a Senior Backend Security Engineer, you will bring your own technical expertise and help design new services and security features. You will carry projects from initial requirements, implementation, up to production.
   



Responsibilities

 Design and implementation of enterprise grade policy enforcement infrastructure, security instruments and procedures Design and implementation of microservices in Rust Writing secure, reusable, testable, and efficient code





Requirements

 At least 3 years of experience in software engineering Experience writing network services or asynchronous code in Rust Experience designing and implementing security frameworks, instruments or policy enforcement services Experience using a Linux server environment Ability to independently debug problems involving the network and operating system Proactive, self-driven mindset Be familiar with deployment using Docker Have experience with other strongly typed languages Have experience with distributed systems, SQL, Redis and Kafka Be passionate about secure, reliable and fast software Have open source contributions, including in Rust





    Location Tagging: #US #EU #LI-LM1
   


 We’re powered by people from around the world with their own unique and diverse experiences. We value all Krakenites and their talents, contributions, and perspectives, regardless of their background.
   


 As an equal opportunity employer we don’t tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind. Whether that’s based on race, ethnicity, age, gender identity, citizenship, religion, sexual orientation, disability, pregnancy, veteran status or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state or local laws.
   


 Stay in the know



 Follow us on Twitter


 Catch up on our blog


 Follow us on LinkedIn





Our AWESOME partner company, Floating Point Group, is hiring for a Backend Sofware Engineer! This is a fantastic opportunity to break into the crypto industry!
 This is a remote position. Candidates will be considered worldwide but will need the ability to travel to New Jersey quarterly.
 Floating Point Group is on a mission to empower investors and financial institutions to interact with the cryptocurrency markets safely and efficiently. By abstracting away the complexity of interfacing with trading venues, blockchain wallets, third-party custodians, and decentralized applications, (each with their own idiosyncratic APIs), FPG's platform enables the market's most influential investors to incorporate cryptocurrencies in their businesses with unprecedented confidence. With the multi-trillion dollar cryptocurrency market routinely breaching $100 billion in 24hr trading volume, the need for robust and secure infrastructure is more salient than ever.
 Education level
 Open to any
 Industry experience

 2-5 years of professional experience as a backend engineer
 at least 1.5 years on a single project

 Compensation

 $100k to $200k, depending on experience
 Healthcare
 401k
 Lunches
 Wellness subsidies

 Requirements:
 Professional proficiency with

 Python: 2+ years of experience using it regularly
 Cloud (AWS) infrastructure: 1+ year of experience
 Have worked on a project from concept to completion in a professional capacity for at least 1.5 - 2 years

 Familiarity with:

 Containerization + container orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes, ECS, EKS) experience
 Cloud security (Rust, research, mpc, shamir secret sharing)

 Nice to have

 Blockchain experience — not required


 What you’ll do:

 You will Drive ambitious technical projects that immediately impact our customers. From complex order execution algorithms to real-time hyper-granular market data aggregation, to sophisticated systems to safely move our customer's assets.
 Work with the talented, ambitious, and creative members of our engineering team. You'll be collaborating with our highly motivated (and insatiably curious) engineers who bring with them rigorous and diverse industry experience while also enjoying full access to our advisors, whose prolific careers at some of the world’s premier tech organizations have cemented them as invaluable resources to FPG.
 Learn and grow at a breakneck pace as our company rapidly scales. As an early team member, you will have an incredible degree of autonomy, it's something we intentionally build into our workflow. We expect that you not only take ownership of your work but that you have an appetite for doing so. As our product and team continue to grow, your responsibilities will inevitably follow suit - the organization is expected to double in size in the next three months.

 You’ll do well here if you are:

 A great communicator
 A collaborative worker
 A structured thinker
 Have a high level of integrity
 Always looking for learning opportunities and seeing things from a curious mindset


 WHY FPG IS A GREAT PLACE TO WORK
 With FPG’s cutting-edge solutions in a nascent, fast-moving technology industry, there’s never a dull moment.
 FPG offers clients the first consolidated product for trading across a vast selection of cryptocurrency markets, automated trade settlement, and secure assets custody.

 We invest in our people.
 Learning is critical to their culture; the truth is they have to- the crypto industry is new and exciting- there’s so much to absorb. They encourage their colleagues to pursue their own education - and FPG helps fund it.

 You’re part of something bigger.
 FPG believes that blockchain and cryptocurrency are developing products that are shaping the future of finance. Their employees - and customers - benefit from contributing.
 
 
9ahPU7Dte9

Who are we?
OutSystems is the leader in low-code application development. Our R&D develops the OutSystems Platform, a highly scalable platform that allows large companies to easily build complex applications by simplifying the software development process. If you want to know more about us check what our happy customers say about us.
What will you be doing?
As a Front-End Developer in OutSystems Professional Services, you'll be a member of the development team, highly focused on delivering great products for our customers with great usability. You’ll work closely with UX and UI Designers to translate the designs into code. Your work will involve:
Guaranteeing a good integration between frontend and backend by writing scalable code with good performance;
Creating, extending, and maintaining components to support the team to develop an awesome product, making sure that those components can be easily used in different applications;
Develop applications that will work in multiple browsers and devices.
Here’s what you need to succeed in this job:
Bachelor or Master Degree in Computer Science or similar;
Front-end javascript developer with 2+ years of experience;
Experience developing single-page applications;
HTML5 and CSS3 Knowledge;
Fluent in English (written and spoken);
Passion for analyzing and designing the solution to technical problems;
Transparency and great accountability.
Plus:
Knowledge of how to develop accessible web pages;
Experience with design and prototype tools (Photoshop, Sketch, Invision);
Semantic and performant front-end code;
CSS Methodologies (BEM or SMACSS or OOCS) Knowledge;
CSS Preprocessors (SASS, SCSS, LESS) Knowledge;
Responsive Design Knowledge;
Knowledge of how to develop OutSystems applications would be a great differentiator.
We’re looking for passionate people committed to their work. If this description applies to you, we should talk.
Working at OutSystems
Working at OutSystems gives you the opportunity to change the world of software development! We are leading the evolution of the software development process by removing complexity from it, allowing developers to focus on delivering value and making a difference. But removing complexity from software development means that we need to solve it ourselves, so we will have lots of opportunities and complex challenges to offer you.
We don’t have many rules, but we have a lot of common sense. Our commitment to our culture is highlighted in The Small Book of The Few Big Rules. This commitment to culture has landed us in the top six Forbes Best Cloud Computing Companies and CEOs To Work For three years running. We foster a culture where people make a difference. And every day, we focus on making sure that we keep a startup and innovative mindset.
You will work with colleagues that are as smart, hardworking, and driven as you – and spread all over the globe -, in a solid company that still keeps growing, changing, and innovating, and giving teams room to be proactive and creative.
Are you ready for the next step in your career? Then we’d love to hear from you!
*Please note, this is a temp-to-hire opportunity with the potential to convert internally*

Location: St. Louis, MO
Hours: Full-time
Pay rate: $100k - 115k / year, depending on experience.

Roles focusing on the information technology infrastructure at EMD. Roles which are developing, implementing and maintaining new and existing applications, systems architecture and network systems.

Develops and modifies application software and provides technical support.
Analyzes requirements, and maintains, tests and integrates application components ensuring compatibility across platforms and browsers and the implementation of system improvements.
Performs routine assignments using existing procedures OR works autonomously within established procedures and practices that require knowledge of concepts and procedures within a job discipline OR specialized technical expertise within an analytical/scientific method or operational process.
Accountable for the quality of own work. Receives instruction, guidance and direction from more senior level roles.
Front-end technology: Expertise in front-end technologies, including JavaScrit, CSS3 and HTML5 and third-party libraries such as React Js, JSF, Angular, and jQuery.
Development languages: Knowledge of server-side programming languages like Java, Python
Database and cache: Familiarity with DBMS technology, including SQLServer, Oracle, MongoDB and MySQL and caching mechanisms such as Redis
Basic design ability: Including knowledge of UI/UX and basic prototype design
Server: Experience working with Nginx, Apache servers and Linux
Excellent writing and communication skills
Ability to visualize a proposed system and be able to build it
Education: BS or MS degree and more than 2 yrs experience

W*hat we offer: *With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!
MilliporeSigma is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to his/her Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because he/she made a good faith report of discrimination.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $100,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Java: 1 year (Required)
Full-stack development: 1 year (Preferred)
Web applications: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Zippin is looking for a Senior ML Engineer for our Product & Engineering team.
 We are seeking a passionate Machine Learning (ML) Engineer, with strong backgrounds in developing and deploying state-of-the-art models in the computer vision space on cloud as well as edge devices. You will participate in the complete cycle of building machine learning models from conceptualization of idea, data preparation, feature selection, training, evaluation and productionisation.
 On a typical day, you might build data pipelines or develop a new machine learning algorithm or train a new model or deploy the trained model on the cloud. You will have a high degree of autonomy, ownership and influence over your work, machine learning organizations evolution and the direction of the company.
 This position can be remote in the United States, Canada or India.

 Responsibilities & Duties

 Implementing, training, and optimizing models developed by our ML Science team
 Developing high-performance, scalable, and maintainable inference services that communicate with the rest of our tech stack
 Working with Infra teams to build data collection pipelines, manage data QA, and develop code for data visualization and data cleansing to build robust datasets
 Turning unfamiliar research code into bulletproof, production-ready software
 Working with edge hardware to test and tune the latency and performance of our services
 Building pipelines for continuous model improvement

 Qualifications & Skills

 Experience with computer vision; experience developing and deploying deep learning algorithms; you’ve previously deployed machine learning models on scalable systems
 Strong grasp of statistical machine learning, linear algebra, and deep learning for computer vision
 Excellent C++11/14/17 and Python skills; familiarity with TensorFlow
 Ability to rapidly learn and work with unfamiliar code
 Understanding of CI/CD patterns and best practices
 Ability to write well-tested code
 Highly flexible and capable of working across the stack
 Great communication skills

 Selling Points

 You love the idea of joining a fast growing series-B startup
 You are proactive about solving problems and take initiative to build tools that will help everyone in the company
 You love to thoughtfully help a team member or a customer in need




Have a direct impact: 
As an automation engineer, you will utilize your Python expertise to foster collaboration between our Test Engineering and Site Reliability teams. You will be an integral part of two exceptional teams, helping test and deliver scalable enterprise eLearning solutions. You are highly collaborative, relentless in the pursuit of the truth, and diligent about delivering rock solid products to production. You understand that the weight of a successful product launch is carried on the shoulders of successful Test Engineering and Site Reliability teams.
A Day in the Life…

You use your python experience to implement automated test cases and framework enhancements
You use your python experience to help build and maintain a state of the art Federated Kubernetes environment
You help define processes and best practices to establish mature Site Reliability and Test Engineering programs at Carrus.
You are direct and transparent, earn trust, and value accountability
You listen to requirements and forge solutions
You lead by example from the front, sharing your experience and knowledge of software methodologies and best practices
You embrace modern architectures, actively model failure and build operationally sound solutions
You help bear the culture of technical and operational excellence and insist on the highest standards for our Learner
You build, troubleshoot and maintain automation systems to augment and scale our product testing coverage and improve development and deployment velocity
You mentor and develop team members
You are part of a casual culture and flexible schedule.
You value the solid processes we have in place that keep the work moving efficiently without burning anyone out.
You enjoy challenging and rewarding work, with the capacity to train and learn new skills.
You appreciate the value of what we are working on. We build educational software for the medical industry, and there is nothing quite like knowing you are helping change lives.

What you bring to the table: Passion about Learners success: You play an important role in delivering high quality, enterprise-grade, scalable solutions powering the customer experience of our products. You embrace your mission to deliver quality products for our learners.
Lead with Confidence: You aren’t afraid to risk your best ideas and trust your instincts.
Drive Measurable Results: You deliver intentional products that meet requirements in a predictable, maintainable, secure, and extensible way.
Team Player: You drive a collaborative environment, communicating and executing responsibly, while creatively working with Software Development, Site Reliability and Test Engineering.
Ownership: You know how to craft the empowering technologies to deliver an exceptional customer experience; you take pride in delivering results. You know what it takes to deliver a quality product and take pride in your craft and the results you deliver.What you will need

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience.
5+ years of experience building Python automation for enterprise software products.
Solid understanding of modern development practices
Experience working and interacting with cloud provider architecture (AWS/Azure/GCP)
Experience with Docker and/or Kubernetes

- Nice to have:

Knowledge of testing frameworks, automation strategies, balanced testing methodologies
Working knowledge of databases, query languages, web hosting, networking
eLearning and related technology product experience

Benefits

Insurance: Vision, Medical, Dental
401(k) plan with company match
Company paid life insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Self-managed PTO
100% Remote Position

About Carrus
We help people improve their lives and advance their careers through exceptional, online healthcare learning. Our training and continuing education solutions are designed to meet the distinct needs of future and current healthcare workers.
Haven't heard of us yet? Check us out at Carruslearn.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Python Automation: 5 years (Required)
Docker or Kubernetes: 1 year (Required)
Cloud architecture: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   About Fisker Inc.
  


    California-based Fisker Inc. is revolutionizing the automotive industry by developing the most emotionally desirable and eco-friendly electric vehicles on Earth. Passionately driven by a vision of a clean future for all, the company is on a mission to become the No. 1 e-mobility service provider with the world’s most sustainable vehicles. To learn more, visit 
   
    www.FiskerInc.com
    – and enjoy exclusive content across Fisker’s social media channels: 
   
    Facebook
   , 
   
    Instagram
   , 
   
    Twitter
   , 
   
    YouTube
    and 
   
    LinkedIn
   . Download the revolutionary new Fisker mobile app from the 
   
    App Store
    or 
   
    Google Play
    store.
  


    Role Overview
  

    Fisker is searching for a Front-End Developer, Digital Product & Edge Computing, to contribute to deliverables of the Digital Product & Edge Computing team. You will operate across the software lifecycle, from planning and architecture to development, testing and deployment. You will be responsible for developing/maintaining industry-leading consumer web applications that will enhance marketing initiatives, reservation/purchase/lease processes, and account/vehicle management.
  

    Responsibilities
  

Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code
Developing, testing, and debugging new software solutions or enhancements to existing software in a maintenance capacity
Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use
Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web-capable devices and browsers
Collaborate effectively and closely with UX Designers, other Front End and Back End Developers, Product Managers, and QA team to refine and improve the user experience


    What we are looking for
  

Strong experience in React (Next.js)
Strong proficiency in JavaScript/TypeScript and the JavaScript object model
Experience with HTML5, CSS3, and DOM manipulation
Understanding of the W3C guidelines including ARIA and accessibility
Familiarity with newer specifications of ECMAScript (ES6+)
Expert understanding of RESTful APIs and GraphQL
Experience with common development tools such as Babel, Webpack, and yarn
Experience with testing frameworks
Ability to perform benchmarking and optimization
Comfortable working in an Agile/Scrum environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills; ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individuals



    Fisker Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment at Fisker Inc. is governed based on merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status.
  

    Applicants wishing to view a copy of Fisker Inc.’s Affirmative Action Plan for veterans and individuals with disabilities, or applicants requiring reasonable accommodation to the application/interview process should notify the Human Resources Department.
  


About OneMain Financial is the country's largest lending-exclusive financial company, proudly serving millions of customers with safe, affordable and transparent installment loans. Our customers turn to us every day-online and at 1,500 branches in 44 states to help them take control and improve their financial lives with solutions for debt consolidation, medical expenses, household bills, home improvements, and auto purchases. Our talented and dedicated team members constantly look for responsible ways to serve our customers when, where, and how they want. It's all about doing the right thing-a mission that hasn't changed for more than 100 years.
Job Description

This position will primarily focus on automation in Amazon Web Services (AWS) as we build and scale our online presence. Responsibilities include:
Provide end user support for the Chicago office by creating / deleting software accounts and helping team members with VPN setup.
Programmatically create infrastructure in AWS, leveraging Autoscaling Groups, Security Groups, Route53, S3, and IAM.
Experience with Git.
Enable our product development team to deliver new code daily through Continuous Integration and Deployment Pipelines.
Protect our customer data with continuous security practices and monitoring.
Ensure our systems are highly available and resilient.
Participation in 24/7 on-call rotations for mission critical web systems.

Skill/Experience/Education
Mandatory Skills:

The ideal candidate will have command line experience with Linux including writing bash scripts.
Networking fundamentals and programming skills in Python, Ruby, Java, or similar language is needed.
It is important to have the ability to learn and apply new technologies through self-learning.

We also prefer the following skills and experience:

VPCs, ELBs, RDS, Cloudwatch, EC2, and Lambda.
Configuration Management experience with Terraform and Ansible or similar (Chef, Puppet, Salt).
Setup and management of a Kubernetes cluster, including writing Dockerfiles and Helm templates.
Continuous Integration setup and administration.
Release Engineering: deployment pipelines; continuous deployment.
Open-source monitoring experience (Prometheus / Grafana preferred).
Database administration of PostgreSQL or similar.
Management of growing Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana stack.
Architecting highly-available distributed systems.
AWS operations experience. AWS Certified Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Developer, AWS Certified SysOps Administrator, AWS Certified DevOps Engineer

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $83.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
Weekend availability

Work Location: Remote

Job Role: IOS Engineer ( Swift)
Location: Remote
JD: 

You have 2+ years of practical experience in iOS product development. We prefer Swift
You have experience working closely with multiple teams from product, design, and other engineering teams
You have a history of building software with teams - you enjoy brainstorming solutions and communicating technical ideas and issues with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
You understand best practices for networking, concurrency, and UI development. For example, you understand Cocoa design patterns
You have experience and a good understanding of app performance and debugging techniques
You gave strong computer science fundamentals from a college degree in Computer Science, a related field of study, or equivalent experience
You will work with your team to monitor and ensure the health of the platform, which includes a 24/7 hour on-call rotation, to ensure a great customer experience.

Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Qualifications: 
You’ll be building on top of our existing MVP web application using modern technologies like ReactJS, ChakraUI, TypeScript, Victory Charts, and GatsbyJS. 
Required: 
· 5+ years of experience as a software engineer.
· Prior startup experience at a fast-growing, early-stage, technology company.
· 2+ years of experience building frontend web applications for a large user base.
· 2+ years of experience building backends for high-traffic mobile and web applications.
· Expertise with cloud services, e.g., AWS, Google Cloud, Azure.
· Expertise with styling responsive web apps for mobile, desktop, and tablet experiences.
· Expertise with PostgreSQL or similar relational databases.
· Experience with building data pipelines and supporting data scientists.
· Experience with using Big Data tools, e.g., Spark, Hadoop, Presto.
· Experience with being on-call and supporting mission critical systems.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year
Experience:

React: 5 years (Required)
TypeScript: 5 years (Required)
AWS/GCP/Azure: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Java Developer
Longterm
Remote
We are looking for Java Developer
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Salary: $50,149.00 - $80,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Pole Star are hiring a software developer to join our expanding software team. Key skills we are looking for are:

Java
MySQL
HTML and CSS

This role is UK based working from home and we are looking for someone with 3+ years experience.
If this sounds like a job for you, please click on this link which will take you to our full job description. If you can't click on the link, please copy and paste into your web browser.
https://polestaream.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=26&source=aWQ9OA%3D%3D
All applications for this role must go through the link in order for your CV to be reviewed.
Pole Star is looking forward to hearing from you.
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Weekend availability

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Invitae is a healthcare technology company that exposes genetic information to empower doctors and patients to make informed medical decisions. Our engineering teams work on a variety of projects ranging from innovations in healthcare systems, genetic analysis and operationalizing biology. We're constantly improving our tools and technologies to deliver the highest quality information for patient health. If you want to apply your knowledge and skills to improve the lives of billions of people, join our team!

The Job

We are looking for a software engineer that is passionate about building the Invitae platform for common approaches to managing documents, notifications, and chat operations. This platform supports common services that engineers from all over Invitae need to leverage.

Qualifications
Desire to build and maintain distributed systems.
Strong interest in system design.
Runs towards problems to solve.
Comfortable working autonomously.
Has programming experience.
College graduate, code school graduate or transitioning from a related role.
Responsibilities
Embrace a growth-mindset by continually learning and appropriately applying new techniques, approaches or technology.
Work within a development team to deliver features that achieve positive outcomes for our customers.
Write code that is well-tested, well-documented and free from defects.
Navigate and understand unfamiliar systems and code.
Participate in the core processes of the team (planning, on-call, bug-triage).
Our Culture
Team above the individual
Radically honest communication
Freedom with accountability
Transparency and data-informed action
A sense of urgency

At Invitae, we value diversity and provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

#LI - NC2

#LI - REMOTE
Eligible candidates must live in CA, WA, OR, ID, NV, or AZ and salary range will vary based on candidate geographical location. Umpqua Bank is seeking a qualified candidate to join our Site Reliability Team. You will be a valued member of an experienced team focused on building, measuring, and improving systems hosted in a private data center and in Azure. To do so, you will use your recent experience designing and building infrastructure as code and CI/CD tools. You will be tasked with enabling our development teams to take on full life-cycle ownership of their code. You will collaborate across teams to solve complex problems and implement robust solutions. You must be collaborative, enthusiastic, data-driven, self-directed and most importantly, you should care deeply about connecting customers to the greatest bank in the world.
Functions: In this role you will:
* Implement Infrastructure As Code (IAC), defining cloud infrastructure in reusable, composable building blocks using tools like Terraform* Analyze, tune, and manage high-volume persistent storage systems like Sentinel* Measure and improve the performance, uptime, cost, stability, and other operational characteristics of our cloud-based systems using tools like Azure native tools and Dynatrace.* Collaborate, educate, and work across teams to simplify and scale the tasks involved in building and shipping software through improved tooling, automation, and communication using tools like GitHub actions, Docker, and Azure DevOps.* Write runbooks and rehearse scenarios to ensure we have an efficient incident response to support our service level agreement and uptime commitments to our customers* Participate in the on-call rotation as second-tier support, ready to jump into a verified emergency, organize the restoration of service, and then identify the remedial actions needed and drive to resolution.
Qualifications: You might be a good fit for the team if:
* You possess professional programming skills, knowledge of programming languages, communication skills, teamwork skills, problem-solving skills, analytical skills, attention to detail.* You are effective working across engineering specialties and service team boundaries.* You enjoy mentoring and sharing knowledge, practices, and technology.* You're collaborative and encourage a range of ideas to solve problems. You prefer working in a team setting and learning from those around you.* You can demonstrate knowledge and experience with persistent storage best practices, query performance tuning, and maintenance - specifically one or more MySQL, Oracle and/or PostgreSQ and Open Source no SQL.* You have built, deployed, and hosted applications in a major cloud provider like Azure and understand the underlying technologies that make this possible, including DNS, Load Balancing, Content Distribution Networks, VPC and others.* You have used Terraform, Ansible, Salt Stack or other Infrastructure as Code tools to provision and manage complex systems in a public cloud.* You have at least 3-5 years of professional experience writing production software in Python, Go, C#, Java, or another major programming language, and also are strong in scripting tools like PowerShell or Bash.* You are familiar with Git and understand the role that version control and effective, positive code review has in creating great software.* You have a strong understanding of the software development life cycle, and often find yourself seeking and sharing ideas on how to make it better.
Preferred Skills: What Would Be Nice:
* You have demonstrated success in building and debugging large-scale distributed systems.* You have experience building software that follows design patterns and have developed and evangelized patterns of your own.* You are data-driven and analytical in your approach to solving problems and are willing to admit when you don t know something.
Minimum requirements: Normally to be proficient in the competencies listed above:
* Site Reliability Engineers I would have bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related field and 3-year relevant experience in a multi-platform environment, including but not limited to application development or database development, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.* Site Reliability Engineers II would have bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related field and 5 years year relevant experience in a multi-platform environment, including but not limited to application development or database development; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.* Site Reliability Engineers III would have bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related field and 7 years relevant experience in a multi-platform environment, including but not limited to application development or database development; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.* Site Reliability Engineers IV would have bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or related field and 9 years relevant experience in a multi-platform environment, including but not limited to application development or database development; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Physical Requirements and Working Conditions
* Work involves:* Sitting* Occasional walking* Lifting up to 10 pounds.
No relocation is offered.
About UsWe do things a little differently here at Umpqua. Our retail stores serve as community hubs, our associates are given up to 40 hours of volunteer time each year, and we're never satisfied with the status quo. Greatness has no finish line, so we continue every day to keep people at the center of everything we do. We focus on building relationships, understanding our customers' needs and connecting to people in new and innovative ways -- always staying true to our mission of providing personalized banking for all people, whenever and however they prefer to bank.Umpqua Bank is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. We maintain a drug-free workplace and may perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
#LI-ST1
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $56,230.00 - $134,673.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

software engineer: 2 years (Required)
MS technology stack: 2 years (Required)
Azure Logic Apps, Power Automate/Flow: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote




Who We Are


     Red Canary was founded to create a world where every organization can make its greatest impact without fear of cyber attack. Our combination of market-defining technology, processes, and expertise are preventing breaches every day. We are completely changing the way security is delivered and setting the new standard for security. If our mission resonates with you, let’s talk!
   


 What We Believe In


Do what’s right for the customer
Be kind and authentic
Deliver great quality
Be relentless 




Challenges You Will Solve


     As a security ally, some of the best security teams in the world depend on our software to protect their organization! You will empower our technical and customer facing teams to deliver expanded investigation and detection capabilities for current and future Red Canary customers. With your deep understanding of security solutions, you will be a force multiplier in ensuring every security team we serve has an outstanding experience working with Red Canary and views us as an innovative leader in the MDR ecosystem.
   



What You'll Do

 Engineer integrations at the API level between Red Canary and new product integration partners Maintain Red Canary's testing and prototyping lab for product integrations Empower our teams with clear documentation and definitive answers, enabling them to implement optimal data and configuration options for supported security products Partner with a wide range of teams including Technical Support, Customer Success, Incident Handling, Sales Engineering, Product Management and Engineering, to ensure that our customers get the help they need with product integrations Be the subject matter expert on product integrations in order to train customer facing teams Act as the primary technical contact of your assigned partners for Red Canary teams and customers, including escalation of support requests Build and maintain relationships with product integration partners





What You'll Bring

 Over 3 years of experience in the Security industry with an engineering background is preferred Software Engineering experience; Ruby on Rails is a plus Experience handling various areas of product integration such as syslog, webhooks, API’s and certificates. A passion for uncovering the specific value that customers of detection and alerting security solutions will find in Red Canary Experience navigating security ecosystem with systems administration and detection expertise in products like Palo Alto, Cisco, Fortinet, Okta, Proofpoint, AWS, Azure, GSuite, Office365 An accurate sense of what customers are looking for in their security solutions and the ability to balance the priorities of detecting threats quickly with the bigger picture of building something customers can’t live without You understand using operating system process telemetry as a detection source for threats and are proficient in enterprise endpoint detection and response (EDR) solutions Prior experience with security system administration, architecture, or configuration Demonstrated ability to balance multiple initiatives with little oversight and make decisions independently





    Targeted base salary range: $150,000 - $180,000 + bonus eligibility and equity depending on experience.
   


 Why Red Canary?


     Red Canary is where people embody our mission to improve security outcomes for all. People work hard to maintain a culture that encourages authenticity in order to do your best work. Our people are driven and committed to finding the best security outcomes, delivering real and actionable answers, and being transparent along the way.
   


 At Red Canary, we offer a very rich benefits program to our full-time team members so they can focus on their families and improving our customers’ security. For a full list of benefits, please review our Benefits Summary:
   

     https://resource.redcanary.com/rs/003-YRU-314/images/BenefitsSummary_2022_RedCanary.pdf
   


 Individuals seeking employment at Red Canary are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation.



Who we are

M1 is a personal finance platform made for the modern era, uniting individual perspective with automated ease. Hundreds of thousands of investors take control of their long-term wealth with M1 and have already trusted us with over $6 billion of assets. As the Finance Super App™, we empower financial well-being with all the tools to invest, borrow, and spend: low-cost borrowing, high interest checking, and high cash back Visa® debit and credit card rewards.

We believe that financial well-being is fundamental to overall well-being and strive to deliver products that are simpler, smarter, and stronger than those created by our competitors. We've been named a top app for investors including 2022 Best for Low Costs and Best for Sophisticated Investors by Investopedia.

As a fast-growing fintech company, we’re looking for talented and smart individuals who are excited about rethinking what’s possible with personal finance, invested in their personal and professional growth, and take ownership of the work they want to do – all while helping others create something meaningful and sustainable for their futures. Our award-winning workplace culture has been recognized by CB Insights (Top Fintech Companies of 2021), the Chicago Tribune (2021 Top Workplace), and Built In Chicago (2022 Best Places to Work in Chicago).

We mean it when we say, “M1 is yours to build.”

If this sounds interesting to you, read on!

What we are looking for

As the team grows, we will increasing need to support them with best-in-class tooling and platform support. This is where you come in.

We’re looking for an engineering leader to drive architecture and infrastructure improvements to our customer-facing Web and API gateway applications. You will interface with product engineers, determining the largest pain points when building features, and addressing them. You’ll work on problems such as:

How can we design our linting, typing, and testing systems to provide engineers clear, easy-to-address guidance that promotes high-quality code?

What should our application instrumentation strategy look like? How should we balance having the right logs for any given triage scenario against the practical considerations of working in a high-volume API?

What should our core abstractions look like that product engineers will consume?

As a Staff Engineer, you’ll take ownership and drive towards solutions to these problems.

Strong technical background with 8+ years of working across the stack

Proven track record of making good foundational and architectural decisions that have panned out over years

You'll be working in the JavaScript ecosystem, but we value your experience elsewhere

Strong sense of empathy for the engineers on the team, and a desire to make their jobs easier and more enjoyable

Someone who Senior Engineers on the team feel they can learn from. Someone who is deeply passionate about helping other engineers on the team grow

Participate in interviews for our hires to work out of our headquarters in Chicago, our office in Salt Lake City, and remotely in the US

What you’ll do

Create a long-term technical vision, and identify short-term paths to make progress towards this vision

Design and architect robust, developer-friendly systems to encourage high quality code

Meaningfully contribute to highly technical projects that deliver value

Have an outsized impact across the org, evangelize best practices, and elevate your team

Work cross-functionally with stakeholders in product management, marketing, operations, and other engineering teams

It'd be great if you have

Experience in large production GraphQL APIs

Experience in consumer-facing personal finance

M1's Commitment to Diversity

M1 is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate different experiences and we're committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) at all levels of the company. Women, minorities, veterans, members of the LGBTQIA+ community, and individuals with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. With our three DEI task forces (internal education, recruiting, and community involvement) and five Employee Resource Groups (Mental Health, Pride, Black, Latinx, and Women at M1) , M1 employees and leaders set aside company time to tackle DEI projects and achieve goals every quarter.

Our Values

Our team embodies our eight core principles and if these principles speak to you – we’d love to talk with you.

Mission Driven: We will passionately apply ourselves to deliver immense value to our customers, knowing if they succeed, so too will the company.

Extreme Ownership: We think and act like owners. Our focus is on building long-term value, not scoring short-term marks. We own everything in our domain, including the outcome and everything that affects it.

Boldness: We want to do things of consequence. Make a difference. We would rather fail at something meaningful than succeed at something trivial.

Bias for action: The best way to make progress is to act.

Economical: Efficiency is important, and we consider both the costs and benefits of our actions.

Team-oriented: In working together, we maintain a low ego, make everyone feel welcome, assume good intent, trust one another, and seek out different perspectives. We empower our teammates to be at their best.

Challenged, but not overwhelmed: We are curious people who always want to grow. Growth happens outside our comfort zone. We achieve our potential through consistent, manageable growth.

Integrity: We do the right thing. When we make mistakes, we own and correct them. We would be proud of our actions are shared with our family, friends, and strangers. Everyone can count on us to act according to our values, beliefs, and principles we state we hold. This trust must never be broken.

Our Perks

Competitive Pay and Stock Options
Comprehensive health, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance
Retirement benefit with employer match
Unlimited PTO
$500 to spend on home office equipment while working from home
Stylish M1 swag
Socially distant team outings, celebrations, and events
Transparent and open communication with leadership
Office in the Loop with a Game Room and GymThe GitLab DevOps platform empowers 100,000+ organizations to deliver software faster and more efficiently. We are one of the world’s largest all-remote companies with 1,600+ team members and values that guide a culture where people embrace the belief that everyone can contribute.

This Senior Backend Engineer, Anti-Abuse position for our new team in the ModelOps stage is 100% remote.

About the teams: Anti-Abuse

Our new anti-abuse team in the development department, play a key role in creating tools and processes used by both our customers and our internal trust and safety team to detect and respond to abuse of the GitLab product and service. This will include pipeline abuse (such as cryptomining ), spam, and other abuse vectors.

We utilize statistical analysis, rules, and machine learning to detect abuse. We also orchestrate the response workflow via a combination of manual and automated workflows.

Detecting and preventing abuse is key to making the GitLab product and service available to both open-source users and paying customers. It allows us to minimize attack vectors that impact functionality, availability, performance, confidentiality, integrity, and hosting costs

This team writes code in both Go and Ruby on Rails.

What you'll do in this role

Contribute to the overall direction of Anti-Abuse
Play a key role in the design, implementation and integration of product features.
Solve technical problems of high scope and complexity.
Test, deploy, maintain and improve Anti-Abuse service/infrastructure and software that uses these models
Partner on changes with other teams including create , growth , and security .
Help to define and improve our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices for a high-scale web environment. .
Confidently ship moderately sized features and improvements with minimal guidance and support from other team members.
Collaborate with the team on larger projects.
Improve the engineering projects at GitLab via maintainer trainee program at your own comfortable pace, while striving to become a project maintainer.

You should apply if you bring:
Significant professional experience in Ruby on Rails.
Some experience in Vue.js or similar modern frontend frameworks.
Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment.
Demonstrated capacity to clearly and concisely communicate about complex technical, architectural, and/or organizational problems and propose thorough iterative solutions.
Experience with performance and optimization problems and a demonstrated ability to both diagnose and prevent these problems.
Comfort working in a highly agile, intensely iterative software development process.
Demonstrated ability to onboard and integrate with an organization long-term.
Positive and solution-oriented mindset.
Effective communication skills: Regularly achieve consensus with peers, and clear status updates.
An inclination towards communication, inclusion, and visibility.
Experience owning a project from concept to production, including proposal, discussion, and execution.
Self-motivated and self-managing, with strong organizational skills.
Demonstrated ability to work closely with other parts of the organization.
Share our values, and work in accordance with those values.
Comfort working in earlier stages of product development.
A genuine passion for learning.

Nice to have attributes:
Experience with the GitLab product as a user or contributor
Experience in machine learning and/or anti abuse, or high interest in learning about one or both

Also, we know it’s tough, but please try to avoid the ​​confidence gap ​. You don’t have to match all the listed requirements exactly to be considered for this role.

Hiring Process

The details of this process and our leveling structure can be found on our job family page .
For Colorado residents: The base salary range for this role’s listed level is currently $107,500 - $188,900 for Colorado residents only. Grade level and salary ranges are determined through interviews and a review of education, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities of the applicant, equity with other team members, and alignment with market data. See more information on our benefits and equity . Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted at up to 100% of the offered base salary. Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, C.R.S. § 8-5-101 et seq.

#LI-MD5

Country Hiring Guidelines: GitLab hires new team members in countries around the world. All of our roles are remote, however some roles may carry specific location-based eligibility requirements. Our Talent Acquisition team can help answer any questions about location after starting the recruiting process.
Job ID: T5018 - Software Engineer III
PLEASE NOTE: This is a contract-to-hire opening and needs to meet Client full-time conversion policies. Those dependent on a work permit sponsor now or anytime in the future (ie H1B, OPT, CPT, etc) do not meet Client requirements for this opening.
Travelers is seeking a Software Engineer I with a focus on quality engineering to join our organization as we grow and transform our Technology landscape. Individual will complete intermediate end to end engineering tasks for specific system assignments including developing, analyzing, configuring, testing, debugging, troubleshooting, documenting, health monitoring/alerting, and implementing based on user or system design specifications, as well as participating in troubleshooting, conducting impact analysis and escalating appropriately.
What Will You Do?
· Perform analysis, design, development, and configuration functions as well as define technical requirements for assignments of intermediate complexity.
· Participate with team to perform analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of intermediate complexity and escalate appropriately.
· Work within guidelines set by team to independently tackle well-scoped problems.
· Seek opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities.
· Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
· Three years of programming/development experience preferred.
· Full stack software engineer with QA/QE and testing automation experience using .NET Core, C#, JavaScript Frameworks, Web Services, MS SQL, MongoDB, and Public Cloud (esp. AWS)
· Experience writing automated Unit, UI, and End-to-End tests with technologies such as Gauge, Jmeter, Selenium/Winium. Nice to have: Taiko
· Delivery – Intermediate delivery skills including the ability to deliver work at a steady, predictable pace to achieve commitments, decompose work assignments into small batch releases and contribute to tradeoff and negotiation discussions.
· Domain Expertise – Demonstrated track record of domain expertise including the ability to understand technical concepts necessary to do the job effectively, demonstrate willingness, cooperation, and concern for business issues and possess in-depth knowledge of immediate systems worked on.
· Problem Solving – Proven problem solving skills including debugging skills, allowing you to determine source of issues in unfamiliar code or systems and the ability to recognize and solve repetitive problems rather than working around them, recognize mistakes using them as learning opportunities and break down large problems into smaller, more manageable ones.
· Communication – Strong communication skills with the ability to clearly and concisely interact with team members, document work in a clear, easy to follow manner, collaborate well with team members, take in well- scoped requirements and ask the right questions to ensure clarification, seek out and receive constructive criticism well and listen when others are speaking.
· Leadership – Intermediate leadership skills with a proven track record of self-motivation in identifying personal growth opportunities.
What is a Must Have?
· Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent in work experience.
· One year of programming/development experience.
Location:  Prefer Hartford or St. Paul but will go remote for the right candidate
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $55.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Would you like to work for us on our W-2? Or through an Employer (Corp-to-Corp)?
What is your Work Authorization? (Pick one: USC, H1B, GC EAD, OPT, H4 EAD, GC, etc)
Can you provide your Hourly rate range to ensure a quicker response from our Team?
If you are responding for your Employee (Corp-to-Corp basis) can you provide your contact information below?

Work Location: Remote


Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, data science, or related technical, math, or scientific field
 4+ years of industry experience developing applications, designing data architectures (e.g. data pipelines, distributed computing engines, ML infrastructure design), or writing software using scripting languages (e.g. Python, R), database languages (e.g. SQL, PL/SQL, PG-PL/SQL), and version control
 Experience training and hosting various types of ML algorithms
 Experience using data science tools, libraries, and frameworks (e.g. Scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib, SparkML, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet)


Job summary Are you excited about building software solutions around large, complex Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) systems? Want to help the largest global enterprises derive business value through the adoption and automation of Artificial Intelligence (AI)? Eager to learn from many different enterprises’ use cases of AWS ML and DL? Thrilled to be a key part of Amazon, who has been investing in Machine Learning for decades - pioneering and shaping the world’s AI technology?  At Amazon Web Services (AWS), we’re hiring technical Machine Learning Developers to collaborate with our Data Scientists to deliver ground-breaking solutions for customers. We are looking for Engineers with Data Science experience and Data Scientists with Engineering experience to support our efforts in the Enterprise, IoT, and start-up communities. We want to take your full-stack Data Science know-how to a new level by empowering AWS customers to maximize the benefits they receive through AI/ML on the AWS platform. This means building and operationalizing ML and DL solutions for our customers while helping them adopt modern Machine Learning best practices throughout every stage of their model development lifecycle.  AWS Professional Services is a unique consulting team. We pride ourselves on being customer obsessed and highly focused on the ML enablement of our customers. If you have experience with ML, including building, deploying, and monitoring models, we’d like you to join our team. A familiarity with cloud solutions (not necessarily AWS) and DevOps best practices is key as you will work with teams of Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and Architects to build truly end-to-end solutions. Without exception, you MUST be prepared and eager to learn new technologies in this role.  You will provide deep and broad insight to customers and partners to help remove constraints that prevent them from leveraging AWS services to create strategic value. A commitment to team work, hustle, and communication skills are important in this role. Creating reliable, scalable, and high-performance AI/ML solutions requires strong technical expertise, a sound understanding of the fundamentals of Computer Science, and practical experience building large-scale distributed systems.  About the team Inclusive Team Culture Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences. Amazon’s culture of inclusion is reinforced within our 16 Leadership Principles, which remind team members to seek diverse perspectives, learn and be curious, and earn trust.  Work/Life Balance Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.  Mentorship & Career Growth Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded professional and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.



Masters degree in computer science, engineering, data science, or related technical, math, or scientific field
 2+ years experience performing Data Scientist duties (e.g. ML algorithm selection, feature engineering, model training, hyperparameter tuning, distributed model training, supervised and unsupervised learning implementation, building model pipelines, using Machine Learning tools/libraries/frameworks)
 2+ years MLOps experience (e.g. model versioning, model and data lineage, monitoring, model hosting and deployment, scalability, orchestration, continuous learning)
 Experience creating orchestration workflows with tools such as Airflow, Kubeflow, or AWS Step Functions
 DevOps experience (e.g. CI/CD Pipelines, Infrastructure as Code, containers, Agile software development)
 Experience implementing IoT solutions such as edge computing
 Big Data batch and real time data processing experience (e.g. Hadoop, Spark , Presto, Kafka, Kinesis, Flink)
 Experience writing production-level code using object-oriented design (OOD) best practices
 Experience employing test-driven development (TDD)
 Experience handling terabyte size datasets

 Regular and Reduced Time (F, R)* jobs based in Colorado and virtual jobs where work can be performed in Colorado:
   -The pay range for this position in Colorado is $131,300 - $202,900 (yr); however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
  


Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.



Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 



Workers in New York City who perform in-person work or interact with the public in the course of business must show proof they have been fully vaccinated against COVID or request and receive approval for a reasonable accommodation, including medical or religious accommodation.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

==========================Notes before you apply - Please Read: 
Our Policy is to take our time with the selection process because we want to be sure who we are hiring!
If you have the desire to apply, please note that we expect serious professionals who are responsive and are making a deliberate choice to apply for this position. We’re all busy and would rather not waste anyone’s time. 
We recruit for professionals who (i) can speak to their experience in-depth (ii) can communicate confidently and clearly (iii) are looking to grow into more responsibility and (iv) are looking to work on cutting-edge technologies and with smart professional colleagues. If this does not feel like a good fit, please skip this job post.]
The Software Engineer in Test is responsible for delivering quality, well-tested APIs, data processes and end-user products to production using testing automation tools. The Software Engineer in Test contributes to the Company's overall test automation frameworks. This role will work closely with Development and Infrastructure teams to define and implement an overall test automation infrastructure. 
The Software Engineer in Test should be able to work well within a team and independently. The candidate should have extensive experience with writing automated test scripts using one of the languages from SQL, ANSI SQL, .Net (C#), Java, Python, and business intelligence solutions. The candidate should have extensive knowledge on automated testing frameworks. Should be able to use independent problem-solving skills and be able to break down complex problems into elegant, testable pieces.
Length of Position:  4-6 months and then possible conversion or extension.
Target Bill Rate: $55-64/hr., dependent upon experience.
Conversion Target Annual Salary: $105,000-115,000 with 10% annual bonus target.
Position Location:  This is a 100% remote position in the US only. Can sit anywhere in the US but must work East Coast hours.
Sponsorship:  We will consider candidates who require visa sponsorship.
Expected interview process:  Two (2) rounds1st round – 30 minutes - technical – Panel Interview2nd round – 45 minutes – behavioral – Hiring Manager and Team Lead
What You Will Do: 

Work closely with Business Process Engineers to analyze and understand the business requirements, devise a test strategy that adequately covers the requirements. Breakdown the requirements into testable pieces, design and write automated and manual (where applicable) test cases, integration test, functional and smoke tests, acceptance, and regression tests.
Write automated scripts based on the project domain, gather and report metrics.
Identify test cases that needs to be updated/replaced in automated scripts as per defects, project requirements, updates etc.
Contributes to the management of testing environments and the automated deployment of updates for testing purposes. Help evolve the team’s tools & techniques in the areas of quality assurance and documentation
Participate in estimation activities for project scope and schedule.
Perform other duties as assigned or apparent.

Who We Are Looking For: 
Knowledge: 

Hands-on experience building test automation systems in a software engineering role.
Strong coding aptitude at a testing level is a must.
Strong experience with C#, Java, Python, SQL, Shell scripting and java scripting
Building tests / testing software with tools that include Python, Java, Perl, Java Script, and Shell Scripting – ability to write testing code
General knowledge of all areas listed below is critical. While expertise in each area is not required for the role, an understanding of how the following technologies work tougher is important.
Building tests / testing with tools that include Python, Java, Perl, Java Script, and Shell Scripting – ability to write testing code.
Java/Studio, C#, .NET, SQL Server, and VB scripting
CI tools (Jenkins, Bamboo)
GUI automated tools such as Coded UI, Selenium, UFT
Performance profiling and monitoring tools
Source control systems, Git, Bitbucket, or similar
Selenium
Soap UI
SQL
In-depth understanding of a variety of automation tools from Unit testing to GUI level automation.
Understands source control management and build processes.
Experience successfully applying Agile/Scrum methodology to develop and execute software test automation including continuous integration and test-driven development.
Proven experience assessing and implementing automation methodologies and best practices, including training, change management, and process/procedure documentation

Skills and Abilities: 

Strong communication skills, both verbal and written
Ability to create detailed test automation scripts capable of validating functional, integration, smoke, regression testing and advanced calculations.
Must be able to own the QA role throughout each project including but not limited to: consume requirements, write and execute tests (manual and automated), monitor testing progress, report status, find and log defects, track defect fixes, gather and report metrics, choose when and what to re-test, collaborate with team members, monitor project progress, incorporate schedule and scope changes, shepherd the product to delivery, be responsible for quality.
Good Test Management skills using Jira/Confluence
Experience using MS SQL, MS Excel, MS Visio skills
Maintain the test automation library; update/retire existing tests.
Ability to build subject matter expertise for the resources under test and use that expertise in QA activities.
Review test artifacts with QA and development team members and edit accordingly.
Ability to promote process improvement and be an advocate for change
Effectively manages priorities across multiple concurrent workstreams
Ability to work well in fast-paced, dynamic settings.
Ability to work independently with minimal direction.
Proven track record of strong analytical and troubleshooting skills

Additional Qualifications: 

Basic knowledge and understanding on AI Applications preferred, but not required.
Basic knowledge on AWS Cloud, Kubernetes, Docker, Microservices, or Azure Cloud services preferred, but not required.
Agile and SDLC experience at least 2+ years

Education, Certifications and Prior Work-Related Experience:

Degree Requirement: Bachelor's Degree or Equivalent Experience
Work Experience: 4 or more years of prior work-related experience

EEO Statement
Wellstone complies with all applicable federal, state, and local laws prohibiting discrimination in employment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, color, religious creed, marital status, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $56.00 - $66.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Do you have a LinkedIn Profile?
Are you currently located in the US?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Test automation: 5 years (Required)
Regression testing: 5 years (Required)
Performance testing: 5 years (Preferred)
Jenkins: 5 years (Preferred)
Java: 5 years (Preferred)
Real Estate | Mortgage | Financial: 5 years (Preferred)
UX / UI Testing: 5 years (Preferred)
Source Control Management: 5 years (Preferred)
Test Scripting: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Job Summary:
 As a Software Developer for the Sheakley IT department, focusing on the development of applications for the Workers Compensation division, you will play an integral role in the design, testing, and maintenance of our software systems. We will be beginning the redesign of our legacy client-server application and replacing with a new Micro-Service oriented 100% web-based application(s). As a member of this team you will be tasked with updating and maintaining existing applications as well as building new service oriented applications, working with API's, building backend processing applications and developing innovative reporting solutions. This position requires that you work with a team of developers to coordinate your development activities, but also requires that you be able to work for periods of time largely on your own. We are looking for a self starter who is able to quickly adapt to newer technologies and methods of accomplishing tasks. We are looking for individuals who although the technology may change, the personnel do not as they are able to adapt, understand and master new technologies over time.
 Ideal Candidate
 The ideal candidate will be a self-starter who is able to pick up and learn new technologies and skills with ease. A candidate who can work solo as well as part of a small team and can quickly bounce from one task to an unrelated task as needs or business demands. The ideal candidate takes personal ownership of ensuring their skills are constantly refreshed and kept current. They have an attention to detail and a desire to constantly improve themselves. They will have demonstrated in the past the ability to investigate, evaluate and recommend solutions utilizing 3rd party libraries, applications, API's and integrate them into new and existing internal applications. They will be fully self-sufficient in C# without need for external assistance. They will have experience in Angular and understand Angular and web development. They will have working knowledge of stored procedures in Microsoft SQL Server and database design basics.
 Responsibilities (to include, but not limited to):

 Collaborate with other developers and Business Managers to design and implement new 
Meet deadlines and satisfy all programming and business 
Quickly write well-structured code that is documented and works in an optimal 
Take ownership of assigned tasks and drive them thru to completion in an efficient 
Communicate frequently and effectively with other developers, managers, business partners and other technical teams to ensure constant progress and that all required resources understand your needs.
 Work independently to accomplish your 
Work with business unit partners to ensure requests are correctly identified, understood as to exactly what is required to accomplish the task, testing is completed and then deployment to production and post production support.
 Ensure applications meet operational requirements and support the operations when issues 


Job Description - Requirements:

 (Required) C#, fluent in recent x+ versions. At least 3 years experience.
 (Required) .NetCore 1+
 (Required) Strong understanding of SQL, including writing joins, complex queries and good knowledge of stored procedures..
 (Required) .Net Core 1 API fundamentals
 (Required) Entity Framework Core experience
 (Required) Microsoft SQL Server Report Server
 (Required) Angular experience
 (Preferred) Web design experience
 Take business defined requests and turn into appropriate programming 
Ability to review a business request, evaluate it on its merits, suggest alternatives, identify potential concerns or issues, work with business to modify or adjust as necessary.
 Understand Dev-Ops culture including Agile project management and 
Experience in unit, integration and user testing along with proper code 
Provide estimates to complete coding 
Follow Sheakley established coding standards and 
Work hours required to achieve daily and weekly tasks and 


Soft Skills:

 Communication skills: You will need effective listening and speaking skills in order to convey instructions to colleagues who are working on projects you are overseeing.
 Interpersonal skills: Since software developers are part of a team, they must be able to get along and work well with others.
 Analytical and Problem-Solving skills: The former will allow you to determine users' needs and the latter to troubleshoot problems that occur during the development life cycle.
 Detail Oriented: You must be able to pay careful attention to multiple parts of the systems and applications on which you are working.
 Creativity: As a developer, you will have to come up with ideas for new applications and 
Take Direction: Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, take direction from manager and team 
Education: Learn the business, the MCO is a medical related business and thus has its own language that you will need to learn and pick up on. Ability to self-educate when necessary. You may be given tasks that are outside your current comfort zone and will require you to research and learn how to solve the given task.





   Job Description:
  


    FactSet’s product suite of smart analytics and unique data empower the world’s leading financial service professionals to make more informed decisions every day. At our heart is an inclusive community unified by the spirit of going above and beyond. Our philosophy is to embrace diversity, and that our best ideas can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time. We continuously look ahead to advance the future and technology of our industry, by rolling up our sleeves to solve tough problems together, and by learning from our successes, as well as our failures.
  


    To be a software engineer at FactSet is to shape the future of investments technology. We’re looking for hard-working and outside-the-box thinkers to bring new perspective and fresh ideas to our Universal Screening team. The Universal Screening product is the key driver of many research and analytics workflows, and as such, is highly valued by our clients.
  

    The Screening team is a group of high-performing members representing different functional roles with all the necessary skills to create an enterprise solution. Our engineers find the right balance between FactSet's flexible environment where everyone can contribute individually, yet at the same time cultivate a community where they can depend on each other for help, learning, and development. We are looking for a motivated and talented Software Engineer to join us as we build this product suite. This collaborative position involves infrastructure design, significant code development, code review and development documentation.
  


    Minimum Requirements:
  

 1-5+ years of software development experience



    Critical Skills:
  

 Experience programming with C++ or another OOP language (Java, C#, etc.)
 Desire to both design and implement reliable and maintainable software



    Additional / Preferred Skills:
  

 Programming experience in C++, Go, and/or JavaScript
 Experience with Linux and Windows programming environments
 Experience working with and managing a large code base
 Experience in iterative and incremental software development frameworks such as Agile or Scrum



    Education:
  

 BS or MS degree in Computer Science (or equivalent)



 Why Life is Better as a FactSetter:


 Secure your future with our discounted employee stock purchase program and 401K matching
 Flexible, hybrid, and remote work arrangements available
 4 weeks paid time off your first year of employment
 No or low-cost medical, dental and vision care
 In-office lunch stipend Monday-Friday, plus a variety of snack and beverages in the office daily
 Wellness programs including gym discounts and more
 16 weeks paid parental leave for the primary caregiver (4 weeks for secondary)
 Employee referral bonuses
 And more!



    FactSet is an Equal Opportunity Employer – M/F/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
  




Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team
 NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world’s best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At NIKE, Inc. it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game.
 NIKE is a technology company. From our flagship website and five-star mobile apps to developing products, managing big data and providing leading edge engineering and systems support, our teams at NIKE Global Technology exist to revolutionize the future at the confluence of tech and sport. We invest and develop advances in technology and employ the most creative people in the world, and then give them the support to constantly innovate, iterate and serve consumers more directly and personally. Our teams are innovative, diverse, multidisciplinary and collaborative, taking technology into the future and bringing the world with it.


 ABOUT THE ROLE We are looking for a Software Engineer experienced in Swift to help us develop internal tools utilized in the Adapt project for iOS devices. As a team member, you will help build and ship apps that support Nike’s next generation, self-lacing shoes.
We utilize an agile/scrum approach, following scrum ceremonies including daily stand-ups, sprint planning, and retrospectives. Technologies include Xcode, Git/Github, Jenkins, Jira, and Slack. You will regularly interact with our entire team, including product management, quality engineering, design, and program management.
The best individual for the role embraces complex software systems, learns quickly, and loves to work on many different tasks, often on a sprint-over-sprint basis, implementing features and designs to support our connected technologies.



     GENERAL REQUIREMENTS
    

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering, Information Systems, or similar field or combination of relevant education, experience, and training



Experience developing mobile applications using the Swift language


Solid foundation in user interface development, data structures, algorithms, object-oriented programming, Storyboards, auto layout, and the MVC architecture


Demonstrated ability to assess problems and develop the best solution


Experience with some of the following: modern build strategies, continuous integration, unit testing, static analysis, and automated integration tests


Experience in some of the following: multi-threading, memory management, performance optimization


Experience developing Swift UI applications a plus


Experience developing Watch apps and Siri integrations a plus


Experience developing with Bluetooth devices a plus


Experience developing in JavaScript a plus


Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal, effectively able to communicate with both business and technical teams


Excellent analytical skills, eagerness to learn, and attention to detail



 MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS
    

Proficiency in Swift



Experience developing and shipping iOS applications


Solid knowledge of iOS SDK API capabilities

Open to remote work, except cannot work in South Dakota, Vermont, and West Virginia. These candidates will be required to relocate.
For employees based in Colorado, this position starts at $117,000 per year. Information about benefits can be found here (https://jobs.nike.com/benefits).


 Nike requires all applicants for this position to be vaccinated for COVID-19 as a condition of hire, unless otherwise required by law. As an equal opportunity employer, Nike will make accommodations to individuals who cannot be vaccinated in accordance with applicable law.
 NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world.
 NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability.



Nozomi Networks is the leader of industrial cybersecurity. Whether our clients need fast product enhancements, onsite engineering support, or rapid deployment across continents, we deliver. We accelerate digital transformation by providing exceptional network visibility, threat detection and operational insight for OT and IoT environments.
We are looking for a Fullstack Software Engineer that will be part of a new team developing a greenfield project for cybersecurity intelligence sharing.
As part of this team, you will have the opportunity to develop ground-breaking technology for Industrial Cybersecurity with state-of-the-art UI/UX and Artificial Intelligence.You’ll be working in a fast-paced, agile environment with ample opportunity to wear different hats and to take ownership of user-facing features from inception to release and beyond.
Skills & Requirements

Strong web development experience using state-of-the-art frameworks, e.g., React
Experience building highly reliable distributed systems at scale
Languages: Go, TypeScript, JavaScript
Technologies: AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Postgres, Ruby on Rails are a plus
Automated Testing experience with CI/CD
Ability to operate in settings with strong confidentiality and data privacy protocols

Our values

Automate everything, so that humans can concentrate on the interesting stuff
Continuous personal improvement, we encourage to attend conferences and offer training classes
Shipping high quality software is our main concern

Benefits

Great Health, Dental, and Vision insurance
Competitive salary, 401K, and stock options
Flexible work hours and flexible vacation policy
Ample opportunity for career growth based on interests and performance
We are a fully remote team

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Do you have experience with React and/or GO?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
