


Your Job


    At Indeed we are building a smart, intuitive and insightful Ads Platform that enables data-informed decision making and seamless end-to-end management of all job postings.
  

    The Ads Relevance team is working on modeling and optimization for onsite and offsite display ads.
  


 We are looking for engineers that will be able to:



 Deliver high-quality, maintainable, and reusable software systems
 Experience breaking down work on complex problems.
 Passionate about using data-driven approaches to solve the challenging problems in advertising.
 Have strong ownership of your work and the problems you solve.
 Naturally collaborate and help make others around you successful.


 Who You Are


 Experience with Agile, Object Oriented modeling, web services, middleware and database.
 BS in Computer Science or related area, or relevant work experience.
 2+ years of experience in Software development


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers.
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine.
  

 Reference ID: 33949




About the team Finding your dream home is only the first step in the home-buying process. On the Zillow Mortgages team, we are building products to help educate and empower people through the process of financing their home. Do you want to make a huge impact on lots of real users' lives while working on a small, fast-moving, technology-forward team? If you answered yes, this is the role for you.
  
 About the role
 As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you’ll lead the delivery and ongoing support of projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:

 Contribute to the design of new features.
 Review the code of your peers
 Advocate for standard methodologies
 Facilitate engineering discussions
 Mentor junior engineers
 Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are
 Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you thrive on autonomy, seek out persistent problems, implement effective solutions quickly, and you are:

 A Software Development Engineer with 5+ years of experience with modern development technologies like ES6, React, Typescript that are used to deliver front-end user interfaces.
 Recognized as a technical leader on your team for several years and have an impact beyond your team.
 Passionate about setting standard methodologies and raising the bar for testing, code quality, and maintainability - not only for the team but for the entire engineering organization.
 Ready to improve your skills, solve complex engineering problems, and advance your career!
 Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.

Purpose of Job We are seeking a talented Software Engineer - Entry Level for our San Antonio Home Office I facility or a 100% remote opportunity.

This software engineer will support the AI/ML Platforms team. This team develops, maintains, and supports the platforms used by data scientists and data engineers across the company to deliver AI/ML solutions. The ideal candidate is eager to solve problems, always learning, is well-versed with cloud service offerings (in particular, AWS), and understands infrastructure-as-code tools like Terraform, Puppet, OpenShift, and Docker.

Within defined guidelines and framework, provides support to the Enterprise through delivering best in class technology solutions. Engaged in all phases of the software systems and application development lifecycle which include gathering and analyzing requirements, designing, testing, documenting, and implementing software, responding to outages.

Job Requirements
About USAA
USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

About USAA IT
Our most meaningful qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 13 million members who rely on us every day.

We're proud of USAA's strong history -- and we're even more passionate about our future. That's why we have a team of supportive and collaborative hardworking technology professionals focused on doing more for our members. And why we're continuing to add innovative problem solvers to our team. With us, you'll find exciting challenges that inspire you to continue learning and growing.

Tasks:
Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and the job role.
Ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.
Follows written risk and compliance policies, standards, and procedures for business activities.
Under direct supervision, design, develop, code, and test technical solutions.
Write code to deliver features, and improvements, on a regular basis
Verify and resolve technical problems and production issues through troubleshooting techniques.
Improve application stability and scalability
Create and maintain technical documentation
Create and improve automated tests and code quality
Writing both frontend and backend code – this task can be combined with 2nd task.

Minimum requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree or 4 additional years of experience beyond the minimum requirement can be used in lieu of a degree.
OR Approved certification from CodeUp, Galvenize, VetFIT (Veterans for IT) or eFIT (Employees for IT)
Up to 2 years of software development experience.
Foundational and conceptual knowledge of function/discipline and demonstrated application of knowledge, skills, and abilities towards work products.
Basic Understanding of one or more of the following: Java, Swift, Objective-C, Cobol, JavaScript, Kotlin, C++, HTML, CSS, SQL
Ability to effectively articulate technical challenges and solutions

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred experience:
Front-end development experience (JavaScript - React/Redux)
Familiarity with continuous integration/continuous delivery pipelines
Experience in CI/CD development

The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

Compensation:
USAA has an effective method for assessing market data and establishing ranges to ensure we remain competitive. You are paid within the salary range based on your experience and market position. The salary range for this skill is: $60,000.00 - $108,600.00 *

Employees may be eligible for pay incentives based on overall corporate and individual performance or at the discretion of the USAA Board of Directors.

Geographical Differential: Geographic pay differential is additional pay provided to eligible employees working in locations where market pay levels are above the national average.

Shift premium: will be addressed on an individual basis for applicable roles that are consistently scheduled for non-core hours.

Benefits:
At USAA our employees enjoy best-in-class benefits to support their physical, financial, and emotional wellness. These benefits include comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, 401(k), pension, life insurance, parental benefits, adoption assistance, paid time off program with paid holidays plus 16 paid volunteer hours, and various wellness programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education assists employees with their professional goals.

Please click on the link below for more details.
USAA Total Rewards
Relocation assistance is Not Available for this position.

Job ID: 2207342 
Location: PANAMA CITY BEACH , FL , US 
Date Posted: 2022-05-12
 Category: Software
 Subcategory: SW Engineer
 Schedule: Full-time
 Shift: Day Job
 Travel: No
 Minimum Clearance Required: Interim Secret
 Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain: Secret
 Potential for Remote Work: Yes

Description 
SAIC is seeking a Software Integrator for the Joint Expeditionary Command and Control (JEXC2) program in Panama City Beach, Florida
 This is a Remote position and may be worked from anywhere in the United States
Job Description:

Responsible for building systems, organizing communication between functional areas for required media, and integrating patches & merge request into the build procedures and media (e.g. for "manual" build process).
Care & maintenance of systems installed labs, support centers, and site deliveries.
Generation, engineering, and documentation for engineering and software change requests.
Responsible for development of scripts & procedures to provide major architectural updates to existing systems in the field, engineering and software change request documentation.
Work with cyber security office (CSO) on closing vulnerabilities and remediating other security issues.
Responsible for the management of all code & repos used within the organization.
Develope code/scripts for other miscellaneous organizational areas and integrating with research and development (R&D) efforts into field-ready, mature solutions

Qualifications 
Required Education and Experience:

Bachelors and two (2) years or more related experience;four (4) years of experience accepted in lieu of degree
Minimum Clearance Required: Interim Secret with the ability to acquire and maintain Active Secret clearance

Required Certification:

CompTIA Security+ certification is required prior to first day of employment.

Desired Skills:

Develop new Terraform and Ansible code towards automating system deployments.
Manage and maintain deployments of various environments, consisting of both infrastructure and software deployments, including operating systems and commercial software.

 
 Target salary range: $75,001 - $100,000. The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position based on experience and other factors.
  
 Covid Policy: SAIC does not require COVID-19 vaccinations or boosters. Customer site vaccination requirements must be followed when work is performed at a customer site.SAIC® is a premier Fortune 500® technology integrator driving our nation's technology transformation. Our robust portfolio of offerings across the defense, space, civilian, and intelligence markets includes secure high-end solutions in engineering, digital, artificial intelligence, and mission solutions. Using our expertise and understanding of existing and emerging technologies, we integrate the best components from our own portfolio and our partner ecosystem to deliver innovative, effective, and efficient solutions that are critical to achieving our customers' missions.
  
 We are more than 26,500 strong; driven by mission, united by purpose, and inspired by opportunities. SAIC is an Equal Opportunity Employer, fostering a respectful work culture based on diversity, equity, and inclusion that values all contributors. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $7.1 billion. For more information, visit saic.com.
 



Your Job


    The Marketplace team is making it possible for our enterprise customers to seamlessly connect Indeed’s products to the other tools they use as part of their hiring workflow. Our goal is to remove the friction within our customers’ hiring stack so that they spend less time keeping systems in sync and more time hiring
  


 As a Senior Software Engineer on the Marketplace team, you will help build systems that bring together Indeed’s core platforms to the other third-party systems our customers use. This will include building and consuming APIs, data pipelines, and management tools to connect the dots within Indeed’s partner ecosystem. As a team that sits at the nexus between a diverse set of platforms, we value adaptable developers that can learn new things quickly.
  


 Requirements
  

 Minimum of a BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics or a closely related computer technical field
 5+ years experience programming with at least one of the following languages: Java, Ruby, Python
 Experience in full-stack web development
 Experience with data stores such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, MySQL
 Experience with automated testing and continuous delivery


 Who You Are


    We get excited about candidates who have:
  


 Experience with workflow frameworks such as AWS SWF, AWS Step Functions, Cadence, or Temporal
 Demonstrated use of Kafka, SQS, RabbitMQ, or other messaging frameworks
 Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot.


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine
  

 Reference ID: 33982




Your Job


    You are the owner!! You will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining full-stack products that are used by hundreds of users daily. At the same time, you will be mentoring less experienced developers, applying engineering best practices, and helping to create a culture of software quality and operational excellence through the organization.
  

 Is passionate about software quality, improving the design/development process, and building highly available systems
 If you are an engineer who's passionate about building impactful products that scale to tens of millions of page views a day, Indeed is looking for you. Indeed offers skilled developers like you a complex development ecosystem with short release cycles. Every week sees the new release of multiple products that meet the needs of job seekers worldwide.


 Who You Are

 Requirements

 5+ years of software development experience with programming languages such as Java, C#/C++, Kotlin or Go.
 Experience with Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and/or Design (OOD)
 Experience in building complex, highly scalable software systems.
 Deep understanding of best engineering practices for the full software development life cycle (SDLC), including coding standards, code review, source control, build, test, deploy, and operations.
 Self-directed and capable of working effectively in a highly innovative and fast-paced environment
 BS or MS in Computer Science (or equivalent)


 Who we are


    The Small to Medium Businesses (SMB) organization at Indeed develops products centered around the hiring needs of SMB businesses, making the hiring process simpler, faster and more effective so they always find the talent that is right for their business, when they need it. The solutions we provide are focused on three main pillars, including ‘Building for the Long-Term’, ‘Delivering the Hire’ and ‘Driving Performance’. The impact of our work helps grow companies and communities around the world.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers.
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine.
  

 Reference ID: 26516


 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.


1+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 Programming experience with at least one software programming language.

 Job summary The Amazon Device Services organization is hiring a Software Development Engineer to help us build cross-platform software to enable the seamless launch, provisioning and management of devices. Are you looking to join a start-up team and interested in building innovative, mission critical, high-volume applications? Then this is the role for you! Key job responsibilities In this role, you will have a tremendous opportunity to make a large impact on the design, architecture, and implementation of transformative technologies for one or more of supply chain applications. We are looking for a talented Software Development Engineer to help build our Supply Chain and Operations platform of the future. We are starting an exciting journey of building full stack platform for our internal customers, including Forward and Reverse Logistics, Manufacturing Operations, Finance, and internal technical teams. We are looking for someone who is passionate about delivering the best possible customer experience and allowing us to meet our customer obsession of making our current and upcoming line of devices available in-stock to delight our customers. About the team The team is responsible for building solutions that enable Device Operations and Supply Chain end-to-end: from product design and component sourcing, through production and shipment, to returns, screening and repair. We innovate to deliver timely and scalable technological solutions and automate operational tasks to allow the business to focus on high value-add activities and grow. 
 
5+ years industry experience as a Software Engineer or Software Developer  Experience developing complex software systems that have successfully been delivered to customers  Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs and product strategy  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, continuous deployments, testing and operations  Demonstrated ability to mentor junior software engineers in all aspects of their engineering skill-sets  The pay range for this position in Colorado is $143k - $194k/yr however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.  Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.

Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.




Position Purpose:
 The Software Engineer is responsible for assisting in developing and designing a product that Home Depot customers and associates will love. As a Software Engineer, you will be part of a dynamic team with engineers of all experience levels who help each other build and grow technical and leadership skills while creating, deploying, and supporting production applications. In addition, Software Engineers may be involved in product configuration, security, resilience, performance tuning and production monitoring.
   

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
 60% Delivers and Executes - Assists in developing, testing, deploying, and maintaining software; Follows best practices established by the organization and participates in improvement conversations; Consistently helps the team achieve results, even under tough circumstances
   
 20% Learns and Grows - Learns through successful and failed experiment when tackling new problems; Actively seeks ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels
   
 20% Plans and Aligns - Builds partnerships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives; Collaborates with other team members in agile processes; Relates openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people
   

Nature and Scope:
 This position typically reports to Software Engineer Manager or Sr. Manager
   
 For Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City residents: The pay range for this position is between $48,000 and $87,500. Starting salary may vary based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the position being offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. The Home Depot offers additional competitive financial and non-financial benefits, which may include a performance-based bonus program or a profit sharing program depending on position.
   
 This position has 0 Direct Reports
   

Environmental Job Requirements:

Environment:
 1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
   

Travel:
 No travel required.
  

 Standard Minimum Qualifications:
 Must be eighteen years of age or older.
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
   

Education Required:
 The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
   

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
 1 years
   

Physical Requirements:
 Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
   

Preferred Qualifications:


Exposure to back end technology such as Java 
Exposure to an object-oriented programming language (preferably Java)
Exposure to source code version control
Exposure to Relational or noSQL database technology
Exposure to cloud computing techniques
Exposure to CI/CD tools
Exposure to microservice-based architecture


 Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:


Global Perspective
Manages Ambiguity
Nimble Learning
Self-Development
Collaborates
Cultivates Innovation
Situational Adaptability
Communicates Effectively
Drives Results
Interpersonal Savvy




Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.


C# Software Engineer (Remote Available, Full-Time, Part-Time and 1099 Considered)
Cleveland-based HR tech start-up looking for an experienced C# software engineer who wants to play a key role in helping to build the next generation talent recruiting platform.
Position Summary
We are currently looking for an experienced software engineer. This individual must come with a broad technical background, a bias for action, and the experience to know how to build enterprise quality solutions that scale. Because we are a small team, you’ll be working across the technology stack (front end, core and data).
This will be a remote position, with consideration given to candidates who could occasionally commute to the Cleveland headquarters.
Responsibilities

Design, author and refactor server side (C#, ASP.NET Core) and client-side code (React).
Developing REST APIs to support our core application.
Creating API documentation using contemporary mocking tools.
Writing tests – unit, integration and end-end automated tests.
Participating in code reviews.
Participating in Scrum rituals (stand-ups, demos, retrospectives and planning meetings).
Authoring and contributing to technical documents.
Participating in release packaging and deployments.
Leveraging your experience and creativity to advance our product and technology road map.

Qualifications
All candidates must be currently eligible to work in the U.S. Relocation is not available.

Minimum of 2 years hands-on experience developing Web applications and authoring server-side code (ideally ASP.NET Core).
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree, or its equivalent, in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a closely related field.
Experience building REST API-driven applications and designing Web services.
Maintains awareness of and follows industry best practices for security.
Strong understanding of contemporary data architectures & data-driven applications (PostgreSQL, MySQL).
Experience writing unit, integration and other tests.
Some experience with contemporary front-end languages such as Typescript, and frameworks including React or Angular.
Some PHP development experience a plus, ideally with the Laravel framework.
Ability to communicate intent of design choices to fellow developers, follow agreed upon coding conventions, and write robust and well-organized code.
Detail and quality oriented.
Understands the long-term value of writing good code, refactoring often and designing for scale.
Experience with source code management tools (Git) and concepts (branching, merging).
Has been part of a Scrum development team, with a strong preference for this methodology.
Works well within the development team and across departments.
Has a do-what-it-takes attitude, dedicated to delivering products that delight our clients.
Requires minimal travel (no more than 10%)

This is a hands-on position that requires creative and highly productive individuals. A good-fit candidate will enjoy both ideating design and executing development, have a desire to work across the stack (front end, core, data) and be detail-oriented and conscientious about the quality of code they deliver. They should possess the verbal and written communication skills to work effectively within the product development team as well as with other business units. The ideal candidate will have some understanding of talent/recruiting, HR technology and or the transportation industry but it is not required.
Drive My Way offers a comprehensive, competitive benefits package including paid-time-off, health insurance (medical, dental, vision), life & disability insurance and a 401k program.
If you have tenacity, a bias for action and achieving results, an innate curiosity to listen and learn, creative problem solving, a passion for teaching, and you thrive in an environment that is collaborative, fun and fast-paced, this role is for you! Put your passion, unwavering work ethic, can-do spirit and ‘never give up’ mentality to work in this role to drive our growth.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Pay: $5,800.00 - $7,800.00 per month
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Please describe your experience in writing and using automated testing for your projects.
Is your preference a full or part-time position? What would be your ideal hours per week (a range is ok) and what hours during the day would you typically be available (ET)?
What is your salary or hourly rate requirements for the position?

Experience:

MySQL / PostgreSQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Note- This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
Under Armour is seeking a full stack Senior Software Engineering to help architect and build fast, frictionless experiences across the globe as part of our growing Ecommerce Engineering team. The Senior Software Engineering will hold responsibility for front-end initiatives across multiple platforms. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Develop high-quality software design and architecture with a focus on content management
Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development lifecycles
Build and maintain efficient UI applications and components to support backend services integration with a variety of third-party systems
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicate clear execution plans to both technical teammates and non-technical business. partners
Ensure software is up-to-date with latest technologies
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Expertise with modern web development - focus on frontend capabilities (Javascript, React, CSS, HTML)
Ability to technically support hands on & guide work including frontend development, enhancing performance, tracking setup and strategies, A/B tests, SEO, accessibility, and efficient content delivery
Experience working in an agile environment
Ideal candidate has exposure to some of the following disciplines/practices:
Content Management Systems (ex: CoreMedia, Magnolia, Contentful, AEM)
 A/B Testing (ex: Adobe Target, AB Tasty, Evergage)
Preferred:
Nice to have, but not required: working experience with commerce platforms, experience building a PWA
Education And / Or Experience
BS in CS or equivalent experience
5+ years of hands-on experience in a development environment.
Strong desire to learn and is quick to pick up new concepts
Passion for development and ability to dig into solving problems
Other Requirements
Experience supporting a product with a consumer base of > 1MM Monthly Active Users strongly desired.
Relocation
No relocation provided
This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.
Software Engineer/Programmer Software Engineer/Programmer Position
Overview: 
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation systems ranging from small deployments of a couple systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading-edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Deep/Machine Learning, 3) Big Data, and 4) Cloud Computing.
Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Engineer/Programmer with desired experience in High-Performance Computing (HPC), Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs) to join our team.
The software engineer/programmer is expected to work in a project team, take a lead role to design and develop major functional units, and perform continuous unit level and system level debugging and testing for commercial products with novel features. This position will maintain technical documents, bug-tracking systems, and manuals.
Technical expertise required: 

Strong experience in Linux
C programming
Network programming, such as TCP/IP and low-level networking stacks
Experience on HPC technologies and platforms

The ideal candidate will have: 

Knowledge of HPC, MPI standard, multi-core processors, GPUs/accelerators, and high-performance networking.
Knowledge of InfiniBand, High Speed Ethernet, Omni-Path, or similar high-performance networking technologies.
Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc.) for producing and maintaining high quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

This is a full-time position, though part-time candidates will be considered. Flexible schedule and remote position. Healthcare, retirement and PTO package provided. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $162,636.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Message Passage Interface (MPI): 1 year (Required)
High Performance Computing Technologies & Plaforms: 1 year (Required)
C programming: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote



Programming experience with at least one software programming language.
 1+ years of experience in software development
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building frontend and backend applications.
 Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures & algorithms, problem solving, and complexity analysis.
 Knowledge and programming experience, of at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++ or Java.




  Job summary
   Do you enjoy solving complex problems with simple solutions? Would you like to help us innovate on behalf of Amazon’s Digital and Device customers? Device, Digital and Alexa Support (D2AS) technology organization is seeking an experienced software development 
   engineer to join the engineering team. The D2AS vision is to create innovative support experiences for customers of Amazon’s devices and digital products, through intelligent self-service solutions and enabling our tech-support organization with tools and technology. 
  
 In this role you will have the opportunity to help define the experience for Amazon Customer Support Associates in the digital and device space. This includes internal tools for monitoring, alarming, and reacting to emergent events in the network as well as agent facing web applications that provide diagnostic and troubleshooting capabilities for all Amazon devices.
  
 As a software development engineer, you will:
  

 Solve difficult engineering problems with elegant and practical code.
 Help define engineering best practices and providing technical mentorship to other members of the engineering team.
 Be a champion for the customer and ensuring their needs always come first.
 Design and build software for mobile, front end clients and server systems.



 You're an awesome fit if you demonstrate:
  

 Industry-leading technical abilities showcasing a breadth and depth of technical knowledge
 The ability to build good working relationships within the team by communicating clearly both verbally and in writing
 Strong problem solving and trouble shooting skills with the ability to come up with creative solutions to seemingly impossible engineering problems



 We use agile development strategies and want software engineering leaders who can thrive in a fast paced, high-energy work environment.
 



Master’s Degree in Computer Science or related field.
 Experience building large scale full stack software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 





Who We Are
RTTS is the premier pure-play quality assurance and testing organization that specializes in test automation. Based in midtown Manhattan (but currently working remotely) and serving Global 2000 companies since 1996, RTTS has helped 700+ companies reach their continuous deployment goals.
 RTTS also developed QuerySurge, the leading data validation & ETL testing solution in the data & analytics marketplace. We have forged strategic partnerships with leading software vendors IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Teradata, Snowflake, MongoDB, Cloudera, SAP, Tableau, Vertica and other best-of-breed software providers.
 RTTS offers the foremost end-to-end solution that ensures application functionality, performance, security and data quality.







What You’ll Be Doing
Using your computer science education, you’ll be responsible for coding custom solutions and analyzing results using cutting edge tools to support complex software applications. Other responsibilities include:

 Work alongside developers to verify application functionality, usability, scalability and data integrity.
 Ensure that the applications and/or data meet the specified requirements and that there are no defects in the application or underlying data.
 Create test plans, design test cases, automate tests, provide, manage test process, and evaluate defects.
 Develop and maintain reusable code libraries to help build streamlined and efficient automated test processes.
 Analyze and evaluate automation & defect metrics, providing feedback and reports to developers, system & data architects and analysts & subject matter experts.

 Assignments vary in length depending on our clients’ needs, providing you with the opportunity to learn new technologies and gain valuable exposure to many areas of business while working with client teams and experienced RTTS mentors.







What You Need
Must possess an undergraduate or graduate-level degree with a concentration in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, or another related field. Other qualifications include:

 Proficiency in a mainstream programming language: must have applicable skills in Java, Python, C++, C# or other language
 Initiative to learn and utilize emerging technologies while working in a stimulating team environment
 Professional appearance and the ability to communicate complex technical information in a clear and tactful manner








What We Offer 

Starting salary of $60k — $70K (depending on experience)
 Excellent benefits package including major medical, dental, 401K, tuition reimbursement, paid vacation and holidays, continuous learning, share points (similar to warrants) and more
 Ongoing development of your skills working with QA/test automation/programming technologies, server-side software and database platforms
 The most comprehensive up-front training program in the industry plus one-on-one mentoring. It’s an ideal fit for recent graduates and career changers
 A challenging, supportive, educational and fun work environment. Our office culture encourages innovation and professional growth.








What Are You Waiting For? 
If you’d like to start your IT career with RTTS, you should know that:

 Our office is located in midtown Manhattan, and since the advent of Covid-19, all employees have been working from home. Going forward, we are anticipating a hybrid work model with 1 – 2 days/week in the office and the rest working remotely.
 Applicants for employment must be authorized to work in the U.S 
You must live within 50 miles of our New York office
 NOTE: Applications without a cover letter will not be considered.






Job description: 

Execute full software development life cycle (SDLC)
Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions
Well versed with OOPS, JavaScript, Networking, CSS, HTML, Databases,web services
Write well-designed, testable code
Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Comply with project plans and industry standards
Ensure software is updated with latest features

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Cricket Health is looking to add a Software Engineer to help scale our applications for improving the outcomes of patients with kidney disease. Your typical week would include writing code, writing tests, looking at others’ code and helping them make it better, deploying to production, designing future software, and communicating with other colleagues about all of the above. Solid, readable, well-tested code is more important to us than the quickest thing you can deploy to production (though we like to move fast, too). We use well-known technologies such as Javascript, Node, and React. We’re in this for the long-haul, so we also reflect back on how we can improve our processes and get better for the next time. Most importantly, you get to be the connection between software that serves the needs of your colleagues, and helping our patients live their best lives.
Required Qualifications

2+ years of experience building production web applications
Clear communication, both in writing and in conversation
Love building things that solve the problems of real people
Team player, enjoy helping others around you be successful
Experience with test first development
Believe in shipping early and often
Have a passion for making a meaningful impact on the health of our patients by meeting them where they are
Willing and legally able to work in the United States

Ideal Qualifications

Familiarity with the healthcare system and how health systems operate, especially in a value-based setting
Familiarity working with PHI in a HIPAA-compliant environment
Experience in ES6 and React
A passion for blending the best of what technology can do with what humans are best at

Benefits

Competitive salary and vacation
Generous health, dental, vision and parental leave policies
Contributions for 401k retirement savings plans
Commitment to building and maintaining an inclusive team

Cricket Health is a comprehensive kidney care provider with a personalized, evidence-based approach to managing chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Cricket Health delivers world-class, technology-enabled multidisciplinary care both in-person and virtually to achieve the best outcomes possible for patients and the best value for partners, keeping patients healthy and out of the hospital, accelerating access to transplant, and increasing home dialysis adoption. We are committed to aligning the success of our company with those of our partners and the patients whom we serve. Learn more at www.crickethealth.com and follow us @crickethealth.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
REMOTE- this position is remote. We will consider candidates located anywhere within the United States.
Come join Under Armour and create software to power the future of connected fitness. We’re serious about individual growth and athlete achievement, and we’d like you to join us to build real products that will help millions of people improve their lives through better health & fitness. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history.
As a Software Engineer, you will partner with other engineering teams, product, design, infrastructure, and project management to build the services, tools, and libraries that enable innovations in our suite of applications that span web, wearable devices, and mobile.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Execute full lifecycle software development
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicates clearly to technical and non-technical teammates
Contributes to discussion and drives technical conversation
Assists in troubleshooting and discovery
Maintains up to date best practices and standards
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
2+ years of professional experience writing production code with Java, Python, or JVM language preferred
Proficiency with source control including Git
Experience with relational data store technologies such as PostgreSQL or MySQL
Experience working within a microservice architecture
Experience with site performance profiling and tuning
Education And / Or Experience
BS in CS or 2-5 years of comparable experience
Familiarity with cutting-edge open-source libraries and experience contributing to projects of personal interest a plus
Other Requirements
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Experience with DataDog, NewRelic, or other APM technologies
Experience with AWS services such as RDS, SQS, and Elasticache
Experience with Java High volume Message Queues such as Kafka
Other Requirements
Relocation
REMOTE- this position is remote. We will consider candidates located anywhere within the United States.
No relocation provided
Possible travel to regional offices, conferences, and training
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Come join Under Armour as a Sr. Software Engineer - Backend and create software to power the future of connected fitness. We’re serious about individual growth and athlete achievement, and we’d like you to join us to build real products that will help millions of people improve their lives through better health & fitness. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross-functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Want to make a real-world impact
Are ready to take ownership and responsibility for your work
Are interested in growing as both an engineer and a teammate
Execute full lifecycle software development
Lead and design features, incorporating technology throughout the stack
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Communicates clearly to technical and non-technical teammates
Assist in troubleshooting and production support
Maintains up to date best practices and standards
Have a solid understanding of both computer science fundamentals and what it takes to build internet-scale applications. You likely have a degree in Computer Science or similar field, or equivalent real-world experience.

Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Knowledge of design patterns and software engineering best practices
Have experience working at scale utilizing microservices architectures
Experience with Java and Spring Boot
High volume Message Queues such as Kafka
Familiarity with AWS and/or other cloud computing platforms
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker

Education And / Or Experience
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker
BS in CS or 5-7 years of comparable experience
Familiarity with cutting-edge open-source libraries and experience contributing to projects of personal interest a plus

Other Requirements
Possible travel to regional offices, conferences, and training
Return to Office Designation: Fully Remote

Relocation
No relocation provided
#LI-REMOTE
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.



Make Work Better Every Day




     Quantum Workplace, an HR technology provider, equips workplaces with the smartest talent solutions so that they can grow and succeed. We pioneered some of the earliest employee engagement and performance software and have since partnered with thousands of organizations to drive employee, team, and business success.
   



     We’re in the business of creating awesome work environments—and are committed to being one also. We are smart people who care deeply about what we do. We work hard but laugh harder. We wear casual clothes, work flexible hours, and get stuff done. You’ll love it here.
   


 What’s the opportunity?


     We are searching for Full Stack Software Engineers to join our team in Omaha. You enjoy being surrounded by talented engineers to learn and challenge each other.
   



     You believe engineers should be involved much earlier in the process than when it's time to code (although that is pretty fun). You’d prefer to sit in on customer interviews, design sprints, early non-dev prototypes, and throw on some noise cancelling headphones when it's time to build. You strive to build beautiful, usable software, and if you aren't the type to wear your beret hat you are encouraged to work with the product designer who is a full-time resource for your team.
   



     We use our own flavor of agile processes to get things done. We use Git and an automated CI setup for builds and Octopus for shipping code to testing environments and to production. We review each other’s pull requests. We believe in automation over repetition and aim to make our code and infrastructure more scalable.
   



Responsibilities 

Write awesome code Work with large, complex datasets Collaborate with product team to bring prototypes to production





Qualifications

 1+ years of professional experience building software Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship We're not interested in a checklist of experiences, but here is a list of things we use: .NET, C#, Flutter, Dart, SQL Server, Redis, Hangfire, Azure, IdentityServer, Sass, and probably a few more things. Bottom line: you need to be stellar. If you are grouchy, too political, or don’t admit mistakes, you will hate it here.





Why Quantum Workplace?



 Health Insurance: We offer 3 options (1 option is 100% premium paid by QW for employees) + Telehealth
Dental & Vision: We cover 100% of premiums for employees
401k: We match 100% of contributions up to 4% and you're fully vested on Day 1
Adoption + Fertility assistance
Employee-led Diversity Council works to create a more diverse and inclusive workplace
Zoo memberships
Summer hours and flexible work schedule
Remote and hybrid work options
No dress code - wear what makes you feel confident - BE YOU!
Monthly manager-employee lunches for goal planning and development
Paid time off including holidays, your birthday, and volunteer time off
We work hard but we have fun too - ping pong breaks increase productivity!



 At Quantum Workplace, we are an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds and skills. Please apply, regardless if you think you meet every bullet. We want to hear from you.
    




    Applicants with disabilities may contact the Quantum Workplace Employee Success Team via telephone, fax, e-mail, and other means to request and arrange for accommodations. If you need assistance to accommodate a disability, you may request an accommodation at any time. Please contact the Employee Success team at careers@quantumworkplace.com or 
    402-415-8302.
   


 Go back to our job listings page.
   




Job Description


Remote:This position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. Theemployee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.
  
 The 
  UltifiPlatform supports the definition, design, and development of continuously improving mobility services. Ultifi / SDV (Software Define Vehicle) is a new vehicle intelligence platform that will underpin all our future innovations across a wide range of technological advancements, including EVs and expanded automated driving. This means that you can potentially put a fingerprint on the vehicles that drive down the road! This space is ripe with technical leadership opportunities for advanced technology development, as well as the ability to provide mentorship for new employees. You can flex your teamwork muscles as you will be tasked with working with several other areas of engineering, IT, and the business.
  
 This is a remote position. We are looking for a Python Developer to join our engineering team and help us develop and maintain software tools. As a Python Developer, you would be responsible for writing and testing code, debugging programs, and integrating applications with other tools. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using client/server-programing and work well in a team. Ultimately, you will build highly interactive tools that align with our business needs.
  
 #LI-Remote
  

Additional Job Description


Basic Qualifications:



BS/MS degree or equivalent in a directly related discipline (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, etc.)



2-5+ years of industry experience, especially in automotive related applications



Writing scalable code using Python programming language.



Testing and debugging applications as well as any experience developing back-end components



Integrating user-facing elements using server-side logic.



Experience of working on Google Protocol Buffers and gRPC



Experience in developing Python base Test Management Tools 



Familiarity with front-end technologies (JavaScript, HTML5, Angular, CSS3)



Familiar at least one popular Python framework (Django, Flask or Pyramid)



Outstanding interpersonal and relationship management skills to effectively collaborate with varying levels of the organization



High level of integrity, ability to deal with ambiguity, takeinitiative/self-directed


 Preferred Experience:



Experience in CI/CD pipeline development



Knowledge of Java, Kotlin, C++ 



Experience in Android Apps and Services development 



Experience in integration of python base test tool with JIRA



Experience in building Simulators/Emulators for Android base devices



Exposure to embedded system, IoT and connected car environment 



Understanding of Android based devices architecture, Pub/Sub architecture 



Understanding of technologies/protocols like JSON, XML, WebSockets, Pub/Sub(MQTT) etc.


 About GM

 Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.
  

Why Join Us

 We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.
  

Benefits Overview

 The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
  

Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values; 
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


 Diversity Information

 General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
  
 We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
  

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

 The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 

Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware for High-Performance Computing (HPC), AI, and Cloud?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Test Engineer to join the product development team focusing on HPC, Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs).
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation HPC and cloud systems ranging from small deployments of a couple of systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Big Data, 3) Deep Learning, and 4) Cloud Computing.
As a software test engineer, you will work with the product development teams. You are expected to understand the product functions, specific features, and requirements; perform systematic and comprehensive testing on HPC systems and cloud to identify potential functionality and performance issues; and take care of suitable improvements, performance tuning and optimizations. Ultimately, you will be responsible to ensure that the final products meet the quality and performance standards.
Technical expertise required:

Strong skills in the use of Linux and its software development tools
C programming
Bash or equivalent script programming (including Python)

The ideal candidate will have:

Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc. and the CI/CD process) for producing and maintaining high-quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work independently in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

Flexible schedule. Remote candidates will be considered. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,478.00 - $144,586.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

c programming: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   McDonald’s new growth strategy, Accelerating the Arches, encompasses all aspects of our business as the leading global omni-channel restaurant brand. As the consumer landscape shifts we are using our competitive advantages to further strengthen our brand. One of our core growth strategies is to Double Down on the 3Ds (Delivery, Digital and Drive Thru). McDonald’s will accelerate technology innovation so 65M+ customers a day will experience a fast, easy experience, whether at one of our 25,000 and growing Drive Thrus, through McDelivery, dine-in or takeaway.
 Leading this tech revolution is McDonald’s Global Technology organization made up of intrapreneurs who get to build really cool tech with scary smart people using the latest innovations like AI, IOT, and edge computing. We do this working along diverse, global teams who are always hungry for a challenge. It’s bonus points when you get to see your family and friends use the tech you build at their favorite McD restaurant.
 As we have matured as an engineering organization and seen the demands for technology grow exponentially, we’re gearing up to deliver on the next set of opportunities for the business. We are building up an engineering team in house accountable for our strategic products. We’ll have diverse squads made up of engineers with traditional and specialized skillsets, both from internal engineers coupled with our partners, to help us flex with demand and solve technology innovation challenges done at an incredible scale.



  Job Description
   *This role may be performed remotely from a number of locations, such as California, New York, Massachusetts, Washington, and the District of Columbia*
 McDonald’s, one of the most recognized brands in the world, is seeking a skilled Software Development Engineer to lead the transformation and ongoing evolution of our Point of Sale (POS) and Restaurant
 In this strategy and transformation focused role, you will partner with our Product Management and Architecture teams to define and coordinate execution of the forward-looking vision of McDonald’s POS and Restaurant Technologies and the high-value transformation initiatives that will fuel our journey. Additionally, you will be the primary owner of our relationship with our 3rd party engineering vendors.
 That said, the biggest area of increase in our spending has been in technology, which is helping to drive our growth. We’re looking at how to use technology to improve the customer experience; build new customer experiences; reduce or eliminate repetitive tasks and make employees’ jobs more interesting and exciting. With all the new projects and initiatives, it is an exciting time to be on the team that is helping to make a Better McDonald's!
 Responsibilities

 Contribute to all aspects of the agile development life cycle including design, development, documentation, testing and operations.
 As a software development engineer on a team, you will play a pivotal role in crafting the definition, vision, design, road map and development of product features from beginning to end.
 Design, implement, test, deploy and maintain innovative software solutions to transform service performance, durability, cost, and security.
 Use software engineering best practices to ensure a high standard of quality for all team deliverables.
 Work in an agile, startup-like development environment, where you are always working on the most meaningful priorities.




  Qualifications
   Must have received or be willing to receive the COVID-19 vaccination by date of hire to be considered. Proof of vaccination required.

 5+ years of non-internship professional software development experience.
 Programming experience with C#.
 2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent years of experience.
 Proven knowledge of Computer Science fundamentals (object-oriented design, data structures and algorithms).
 Strong verbal and written communication skills, are self-driven and able to deliver high quality results in a fast-paced environment.
 Proven leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational perfection and best practices.
 Highly quantitative with great judgment and passion for building a great customer experience.
 Ability to take a project from scoping requirements to launch to delivery

 Additional Information
   McDonald’s is committed to providing qualified individuals with disabilities reasonable accommodations to perform the essential functions of their jobs. Additionally, if you (or another applicant of whom you are aware) require assistance accessing or reading this job posting or otherwise seek assistance in the application process, please contact recruiting.supportteam@us.mcd.com
 McDonald’s provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to sex, sex stereotyping, pregnancy (including pregnancy, childbirth, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), race, color, religion, ancestry or national origin, age, disability status, medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, protected military or veteran status, citizenship status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
 Nothing in this job posting or description should be construed as an offer or guarantee of employment.


Software Engineer II

First, let’s talk Tech.

Here is a list of our platforms. Don’t worry, you don’t have to be a master at them all. Ideally, you will have experience in at least 2 of them.

.NET Core
React Native
Azure Functions
Cosmos DB
Kafka
SignalR
As a Software Engineer II at Client, you will:
Bring at least 3 to 5 of experience to the table
Work collaboratively with designers, product managers, and engineers
Leverage cutting-edge technologies and modern practices
Build and ship high-quality code at a rapid pace
Work with open source tools to build new technologies
Participate in design thinking activities to improve the user experience
Work in a collaborative organization in a remote work environment, while having access to the amenities the Pittsburgh campus has to offer.

We believe that there is always a better way.So, we will expect you to:

Continuously learn modern software design and development core practices, utilizing articles, MeetUps, conferences, tech talks, etc.
Review and discuss code with engineering peers and leaders to understand best practices and optimal design patterns
Increase your business acumen by consistently learning about other parts of the business

Lastly, here’s some stuff that won’t be part of your day-to-day.At Client you won’t:

Work in a silo
Be limited by project plans
Find yourself stuck in a boring cube
Pay to park or be stuck in a corporate high-rise
Be pigeonholed into proprietary and stagnant codebases

*
*
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +13134372307

What you will be doing: Innovating, designing and implementing highly available, scalable systems.Contributing ideas for new features and identifying areas for improvement proactively.Ensure build, stage and production environment performance, uptime, and scale, maintaining high standards of thoughtful design and security.Writing clean, tested, and well-documented code and participating in the peer code review process.Automate recurring manual tasks and optimize repetitive processes.Define and document best practices and strategies regarding application deployment and infrastructure maintenance.Respond to alerts, review error messages, and fix bugs in a timely manner.Review business needs, requirements, technical specifications.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $79,355.00 - $173,503.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

cnect is looking for a Front-End UI developer for our software engineering team. You will be responsible for user interface development on cnect’s flagship product and core features. Main responsibilities include: delivery of quality/smart code accurately reflecting product requirements, development in mono and poly repo environments using a repository pattern, developing and maintaining cross-platform SDKs, development and maintenance on UI design system, as well as having a good eye for detail and adherence to brand marketing guidelines and providing a rich enterprise-level user experience.
Qualifications:
Proven experience as a Front-End Angular2+ developer. Experience developing desktop and/or mobile applications, familiarity with common front-end technology stacks. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (Angular12, HTML, CSS/SASS(SCSS), TypeScript, NgRx). Familiarity with cloud-based NoSQL databases (Firestore), excellent communication, and teamwork skills. Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or relevant field
Job Responsibilities:
Development, deployment, monitoring, and maintenance of quality software on a high-traffic website(s). Developing highly reusable component-based code. Team code reviews - Writing, running, and maintaining automated testing on delivered code. Communicate effectively with management around drawbacks and advantages to design decisions, and working efficiently within an agile environment
Apply Today: https://candidate.cnect.jobs/#/landing/job/LlEQENGSYsY4a9647ze9_en-US
Full-time employees are eligible for medical, vision, dental, and long-term disability benefits 60 days into full-time employment. The company covers long-term disability at 100%, contributes 50% of your medical premium (with a maximum of $250 per month), and 0% to vision and dental. In addition, you will be eligible for our retirement savings plan benefit 90 days into full-time employment. Cnect will make employer contributions to your 401(k) up to 100% of contributions on the first 3% deferred.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Note- This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
Under Armour is seeking a full stack Software Engineering Lead to help architect and build fast, frictionless experiences across the globe as part of our growing Ecommerce Engineering team. The Software Engineering Lead will hold responsibility for front-end initiatives across multiple platforms. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Technically lead a group of engineers, providing architectural guidance, code reviews, and mentorship
Execute full lifecycle software development
Build and maintain efficient UI applications and components to support backend services integration with a variety of third-party systems
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicate clear execution plans to both technical teammates and non-technical business partners
Act as owner for setting standards and best practices to improve performance, availability and scalability based on both technical and business considerations
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Expertise with modern web development - focus on frontend capabilities (Javascript, React, CSS, HTML)
Ability to technically support hands on & guide work including frontend development, enhancing performance, tracking setup and strategies, A/B tests, SEO, accessibility, and efficient content delivery
Ideal candidate has exposure to some of the following disciplines/practices:
Tagging & Analytics (ex: Adobe DTM/Launch, Tealium, Google Tag Manager)
Content Management Systems (ex: CoreMedia, Magnolia, Contentful, AEM),
A/B Testing (ex: Adobe Target, AB Tasty, Evergage)
Nice to have, but not required: knowledge of Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC) or other commerce platforms, experience building a PWA
Education And / Or Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or 7+ years of hands-on experience in a development environment.
Strong desire to learn and is quick to pick up new concepts
Passion for development and ability to dig into solving problems
Relocation
No relocation provided
This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.
What you will be doing: Innovating, designing and implementing highly available, scalable systems.Contributing ideas for new features and identifying areas for improvement proactively.Ensure build, stage and production environment performance, uptime, and scale, maintaining high standards of thoughtful design and security.Writing clean, tested, and well-documented code and participating in the peer code review process.Automate recurring manual tasks and optimize repetitive processes.Define and document best practices and strategies regarding application deployment and infrastructure maintenance.Respond to alerts, review error messages, and fix bugs in a timely manner.Review business needs, requirements, technical specifications.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $79,355.00 - $173,503.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Security clearance:

Confidential (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Remote JavaScript Engineer - Vue.js 
  
   We have been in business for 45 yrs! Our portfolio consists of 12,000 global brands & 1,750 global retailers & distributors. We are widely profitable and make 3-4 acquisitions a year! We have 30% year over year growth.
   
 Despite our rapid growth, we have kept a people first & employee first culture. In fact, our Engineering organization is led by an industry leader who has had ZERO attrition. We did not lay off ONE PERSON in 2020 or 2021 and we paid bonuses to our staff before our executives got any! We are a fast paced environment and looking for people who want to scale, build long term careers and RETIRE with us!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop/enhance front-end user interface
Be a part of a larger development team, interface with Product,, DevOps, QA and Project teams
Understand requirements/code/test high-quality web apps
Take wireframes from conception-to-implementation
Use Agile/Kanban methodologies for SDLC
Maintain work backlog through JIRA
Collaborate with team members across locations and time zones

 What You Need for this Position

JavaScript
CSS
HTML/XHTML
Vue.js
JSON

 What's In It for You

16 Days PTO + 3 Floating Days + 7 other holidays! Your PTO rolls into the next calendar year, too! We also have 2 volunteer days per year!
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, Adoption Leave: 4 weeks for primary caregiver)
Tuition reimbursement $3,000 per year max, $5,000 lifetime max eligibility requirements include 1 year of employment with us before enrollment 
Financial Wellness programs (fully funded by us) through SmartDollar 
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance available 
Employee referral bonuses 
Identity Theft Protection (premium dependent on options selected)


    So, if you are a strong Remote JavaScript Engineer, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

cnect is looking for a Front-End UI developer for our software engineering team. You will be responsible for user interface development on cnect’s flagship product and core features. Main responsibilities include: delivery of quality/smart code accurately reflecting product requirements, development in mono and poly repo environments using a repository pattern, developing and maintaining cross-platform SDKs, development and maintenance on UI design system, as well as having a good eye for detail and adherence to brand marketing guidelines and providing a rich enterprise-level user experience.
Qualifications:
Proven experience as a Front-End Angular2+ developer. Experience developing desktop and/or mobile applications, familiarity with common front-end technology stacks. Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (Angular12, HTML, CSS/SASS(SCSS), TypeScript, NgRx). Familiarity with cloud-based NoSQL databases (Firestore), excellent communication, and teamwork skills. Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or relevant field
Job Responsibilities:
Development, deployment, monitoring, and maintenance of quality software on a high-traffic website(s). Developing highly reusable component-based code. Team code reviews - Writing, running, and maintaining automated testing on delivered code. Communicate effectively with management around drawbacks and advantages to design decisions, and working efficiently within an agile environment
Apply Today: https://candidate.cnect.jobs/#/landing/job/LlEQENGSYsY4a9647ze9_en-US
Full-time employees are eligible for medical, vision, dental, and long-term disability benefits 60 days into full-time employment. The company covers long-term disability at 100%, contributes 50% of your medical premium (with a maximum of $250 per month), and 0% to vision and dental. In addition, you will be eligible for our retirement savings plan benefit 90 days into full-time employment. Cnect will make employer contributions to your 401(k) up to 100% of contributions on the first 3% deferred.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Note- This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
Under Armour is seeking a full stack Software Engineering Lead to help architect and build fast, frictionless experiences across the globe as part of our growing Ecommerce Engineering team. The Software Engineering Lead will hold responsibility for front-end initiatives across multiple platforms. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Technically lead a group of engineers, providing architectural guidance, code reviews, and mentorship
Execute full lifecycle software development
Build and maintain efficient UI applications and components to support backend services integration with a variety of third-party systems
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicate clear execution plans to both technical teammates and non-technical business partners
Act as owner for setting standards and best practices to improve performance, availability and scalability based on both technical and business considerations
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Expertise with modern web development - focus on frontend capabilities (Javascript, React, CSS, HTML)
Ability to technically support hands on & guide work including frontend development, enhancing performance, tracking setup and strategies, A/B tests, SEO, accessibility, and efficient content delivery
Ideal candidate has exposure to some of the following disciplines/practices:
Tagging & Analytics (ex: Adobe DTM/Launch, Tealium, Google Tag Manager)
Content Management Systems (ex: CoreMedia, Magnolia, Contentful, AEM),
A/B Testing (ex: Adobe Target, AB Tasty, Evergage)
Nice to have, but not required: knowledge of Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC) or other commerce platforms, experience building a PWA
Education And / Or Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or 7+ years of hands-on experience in a development environment.
Strong desire to learn and is quick to pick up new concepts
Passion for development and ability to dig into solving problems
Relocation
No relocation provided
This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.
X by 2 is a team of software engineers, designers, leads and architects, bilingual in business and technology, who set the standard for software excellence in the insurance and healthcare industries. Careers with X by 2 offer rapid growth, constant learning, and the immediate chance to make an impact. It’s a true meritocracy – fueled by a diversity of backgrounds, cultures, and experiences.
We're looking for people that have started playing technical leadership roles and seek accelerated career opportunities and challenging problems to solve.
Summary

Play tech lead / architect roles in architecting, designing, developing, testing and rolling out core business applications and data/analytics solutions for insurance and healthcare clients.
Participate in strategy and roadmap engagements, software architecture definition, product/framework evaluation for software projects.
Quickly learn to use new tools, technologies and platforms across various technology stacks as needed for the project to develop prototypes and proof-of-concepts.
Mentor and perform design reviews and code reviews for developers on the team
Collaborate with fellow Developers, Technical Leads and Architects on architecture, design and development.

Qualifications

Experience technically leading software projects
Experience designing and developing enterprise class business applications, integration solutions and/or data solutions using technologies such as Java/J2EE, .NET, JavaScript and SQL
Curiosity and awareness of technological trends and patterns in enterprise software development
Strong problem-solving skills
Ability to conceptualize and articulate ideas clearly and concisely
Excellent verbal communication, written communication and interpersonal communication skills
Willingness to travel on an occasional basis, as local and possibly out-of-state travel is required. Due to COVID, this position is currently remote.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related is preferred.

Our Philosophies

Agile approach – emphasis on good people, continuous delivery of value, close collaboration with clients
Learning and reuse by leveraging patterns and frameworks
Deliver results by playing key leadership roles on capable teams focused on full life-cycle from discovery and planning through implementation and launch
No technology bias and no affiliations with vendors – we use the technologies and approaches that make sense for our clients
Constant learning – adding modern technologies, frameworks, tools and products to our tool belt

Work Environment and Culture

Be surrounded by smart talented people with shared values of continually challenging, investing in, and stretching themselves to new levels
Collaborate with seasoned architects to solve problems and to challenge assumptions
Work in small teams with opportunities for rapid growth and accelerated responsibilities driven purely by individual performance
Open environment, flat organization, flexibility, and no hierarchical structures
Everyone has a voice and is always encouraged to engage in shaping the company by sharing their interests, ideas, and feedback

Benefits and Perks

Competitive compensation
Health, Vision, Dental, Life, Disability Insurance Coverage
Voluntary benefit package with Telemedicine, PetCare, Chiropractic, Lab Testing and Alternative Medicine
401K with employer match
HSA with employer match
Annual performance reviews for raises and promotions
Perk Programs: Home Office reimbursement, Professional Self-Development program, Health and Wellness reimbursement, Professional Dress Allowance
Earn points through recognitions, travel and much more, and redeem them for unique experiences
Company sponsored social events for employees and families
Work-Life Balance: PTO based on experience, unlimited sick days, paid holidays

Work Location: One location
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $143,000.00 - $163,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


The Challenge:




 Do you want to build software that solves enterprise-scale challenges while learning and growing your skills? This role is more than just coding. Our junior developers use their passion to learn new tools and techniques and apply them towards identifying and delivering needed software solutions. You will learn software development principles and how to apply them through various development methodologies, like Scrum, Scaled Agile Framework, and Kanban, to name a few. Our goal in hiring a junior developer is to match your intensity and passion for software development with our deep experience in the practice of software delivery to help deliver products for our customers and to evolve your career. This position is open to remote delivery anywhere within the U.S., to include the District of Columbia.

 Join us. The world can’t wait.

 You Have:

Experience with programming languages, including Java, Python, and JavaScript, in industry or academic environments
Experience with documenting testing and maintenance of system corrections
Knowledge of Web protocols
Knowledge of relational databases, including Oracle or MS SQL
Ability to analyze and solve problems
Ability to work independently and within a team
Ability to obtain a security clearance
HS diploma or GED


 Nice If You Have:

Experience with Agile software development processes and tools, including the Atlassian Tool Suite
Experience with researching, designing, developing, or modifying enterprise-wide systems or applications software in an internship or academic environment
Bachelor's degree


 Clearance:
 Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

 Compensation:
 The proposed salary range for this position in Colorado is 60,000 to 80,000. Final salary will be determined based on various factors.

 At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choice, and support your total well-being. Our comprehensive benefit offerings include healthcare, retirement plan, insurance programs, commuter program, employee assistance program, paid and unpaid leave programs, education assistance, and childcare benefits.

 Build Your Career:
 A challenging and dynamic work environment isn’t all we have to offer. When you join Booz Allen, you’ll have access to:

 experts in virtually every field
 a culture that focuses on supporting our employees
 opportunities that provide stability while offering variety


 You’ll also be exposed to a wealth of training resources through our Digital University, an online learning portal featuring more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications that directly impact your role? You may be able to take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success.





 We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.




  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Square in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, and save to our millions of monthly active users. We want to make the world’s relationship with money more relatable, instantly available, and universally accessible. This is our mission, and it’s why working at Cash App means so much more than a job.
 Today, Cash App has thousands of employees working globally across office and remote locations, with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and we’ve got offices and remote teammates across the globe. Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Cash App operates. No matter the location, we tailor our experience to ensure our employees are creative, productive, and happy.
 Check out our locations, benefits, and more at cash.app/careers to learn more!



  Job Description
   Cash App leads financial innovation and, continuing in that tradition, we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem - Taxes.
 As a founding member of this vertical and the first product web team at Cash App, the person in this role will play a lead in building the future of DIY taxes. They will be responsible for the creation of technical requirements, implementation of new systems, and integration of existing tax technology into Cash’s infrastructure for front-end engineering for Cash App.
 You will:

 Participate in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design and implement a technical front-end strategy
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Demonstrated technical initiative on previous projects
 A passion for product development and seeing results
 A knack for creating readable, pragmatic code
 An appreciation of simple, practical solutions
 Eagerness to share your ideas, and openness to those of others

 Technologies we use and teach:

 JavaScript, TypeScript, React
 Webpack, React Query, Cypress
 Java and Kotlin, with JUnit, Hibernate, and Guice
 Event-driven architecture

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, and always assess candidates on an individualized basis.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


Eligible candidates must live in CA, WA, OR, ID, NV, or AZ and salary range will vary based on candidate geographical location. 
As a key member of a sophisticated systems engineering team, your focus will be on how to enable other to use the Infrastructure solutions and applications in support of Umpqua Bank initiatives. We want a forward thinking individual who will push a self-service agenda for infrastructure and cloud related requests. You will be part of a team evaluating, designing, and implementing new technologies, while also looking to make existing technologies more efficient and easier to use by others. Some technologies we use are Azure public cloud, Nutanix HCI, VMWare, Citrix, Windows and Linux servers, Pure storage, monitoring tools, Active Directory and related Microsoft infrastructure. Provide high level customer service to other technology and bank associates. Assist or advise other TAG teams on technical issues. Participate in migration of various solutions from on premises to Azure cloud. Participate in infrastructure automation efforts as we move toward an infrastructure as code approach using orchestration and configuration management tools (examples include Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, SaltStack, etc.).
Functions

Responsible for planning, implementing and maintaining both public cloud and private cloud systems at Umpqua Bank.
This position is responsible for installing/configuring/maintaining systems, servers, client-based solutions, storage and applications within the following technologies:
Azure cloud, Server Operating Systems (Windows Linux), SCCM, Citrix (desktops and applications), storage technologies, backup/data protection technologies, hyper-converged infrastructure, virtualization,
Active Directory components, vulnerability remediation on all infrastructure components and Disaster Recovery planning/participation.
Learn or use Agile principles in an IT Operations environment
Researching, analyzing, recommending, and implementing solutions within their scope and enhancements. Requires the ability to systematically isolate technical issues and provide outstanding technical support to our clients.
Sharing rotation of on-call duties after hours and weekends to respond to emergency outages.
Preparing system solution designs, implementing complex enterprise-class systems and applications, analyzing the performance of infrastructure to assist with capacity planning, and performing system upgrades and monitoring the health of all systems, infrastructure and applications.
May be asked to coach, mentor, or train others and teach coursework as subject matter expert.
Demonstrate compliance with all bank regulations that apply to your position, and keep up to date on regulation changes.
Maintain working knowledge of our policies and procedures regarding the Bank Secrecy Act, Regulation CC, Regulation E, Bank Security and other regulations that apply to your position.

Qualifications

5-10+ years' experience in system or infrastructure engineering in a mid-size company with a proven track record of success.
Certification in one or more of the above-mentioned technologies preferred.
Strong coordination, organization, troubleshooting and communication abilities required.
Proven experience with building and maintaining hybrid cloud systems and infrastructure.
Advanced knowledge of and experience with several core technologies including Azure cloud, Server Operating Systems (Windows Linux), Microsoft Systems Center, Citrix (desktops and applications), Nutanix, VMWare, Active Directory components, Vulnerability remediation and Disaster Recovery planning/participation.
Proven experience with troubleshooting principles, methodologies, and issue resolution techniques.
Excellent verbal and written communications.
Knowledge of trends in technology in multiple areas.
Proven ability to absorb new ideas and concepts quickly.
Experience developing architecture documentation/Roadmaps.

Physical Requirements and Working Conditions
Work involves:

Sitting
Occasional walking
Lifting up to 10 pounds.

No relocation is offered.
This is a remote work opportunity that is available to people who reside in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, California, or Nevada while employed with us.
About Us
We do things a little differently here at Umpqua. Our retail stores serve as community hubs, our associates are given up to 40 hours of volunteer time each year, and we're never satisfied with the status quo. Greatness has no finish line, so we continue every day to keep people at the center of everything we do. We focus on building relationships, understanding our customers' needs and connecting to people in new and innovative ways -- always staying true to our mission of providing personalized banking for all people, whenever and however they prefer to bank.
Umpqua Bank is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. We maintain a drug-free workplace and may perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
#LI-ST1
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $64,450.00 - $154,288.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

software engineer: 6 years (Required)
AzureDevOps: 6 years (Required)
SonarQube: 6 years (Required)
VeraCode: 6 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Test Engineer,
DESCRIPTION
Test Engineer must have experience working with developers, end users and organizations to create test plans and test scripts. Coordinate with test sites and other team participants to plan test events. experience in creating reports. Tracks problems and reports on errors that are identified. Must have experience with configuring necessary hardware and operating environments as needed to complete assigned testing. Must have comprehensive technical expertise on IT products, operating systems, software, hardware, systems and networks and specialized environments. Must have experience in writing or assisting in the development of test plans and test procedures. Must manage the defect database under the guidance of senior QA engineers.
Must have strong analytical skills.
Must have Intermediate SQL skills.
Healthcare industry experience - claims and remittance advice and prior authorization knowledge is highly valued.
Insight into HIPAA transaction processing on adjudication platforms - 837, 835 and 277 is preferred.
Ability to deliver results while balancing competing priorities and timelines.
Familiarity with Scrum/Agile SDLC
EDUCATION: Bachelor's Degree
DEGREE: computer science, electronics engineering or other engineering or technical discipline is required.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: From $75,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

SQL queries: 5 years (Preferred)
Agile environment: 6 years (Preferred)
Software Testing: 7 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are currently sourcing for a position with our client and would like to discuss this opportunity with you.
Rangam Consultants is an award winning company for Staffing solutions and services. We are a multiple service provider in the Information Technology, Scientific, Engineering and administrative fields. We have a proven track record for successfully delivering mission critical consulting, support and recruiting services to various government and Fortune 500 clients.
The details for this position are as follows: 
Job Title: Software Quality Engineer
Location: Beaverton ,OR 97003 - Remote - PST hours
Duration: 12 Months
Pay: $71/hourly 
Shift: M-F 8 am - 5 pm PST 
Job Description:
Top skills:

Python,
Software QA Management,
API

Duties:

Develops, modifies, applies, and maintains standards for software quality operating methods, processes, systems and procedures.
Conducts software inspection, testing, verification, and validation.
Implements software development and maintenance processes and methods.
Ensures measures meet acceptable reliability standards.
Develops overall operating criteria to ensure implementation of the software quality program according to project, process and contract requirements and objectives.
Ensures that project and process control documentation are compliant with requirements, objectives, and/or contract.
Reviews software design, change specifications, and plans against contractual and/or process requirements.
Reviews include applicable specifications, materials, tools, techniques, and methodologies.
Performs or directs verification of software requirement allocations, traceability, and testability.

Skills:

Minimum 5 years of technical experience with 3 year in software quality Typical Office: This is a typical office job, with no special physical requirements or unusual work environment.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $71.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software Quality Assurance Occupations: 5 years (Required)
Python: 3 years (Required)
APIs: 3 years (Required)
quality assurance management: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Description 
KBX Technology Solutions, LLC, a provider of transportation technology to industry leaders, is seeking a Frontend Software Engineer to join our team. This role will be part of a team of engineers that are responsible for enhancing existing applications and for building applications using modern microservices architecture techniques. Responsibilities include implementing solutions that are secure, support best practices, embrace CI/CD, and scalable. The qualified candidate has a solid understanding of the organization(s) being supported and KBXT’s role in the business's mission and applies it to software design and development.
 

KBX Logistics is looking for a Software Engineer to join our team! The role will be part of a team of engineers that are responsible for enhancing existing applications and for building applications using modern microservices architecture techniques. Responsibilities include implementing solutions that are secure, support best practices, embrace CI/CD, and scalable. We are seeking an individual that possesses strong collaboration within the immediate IT team as well as the business teams within KBX Logistics.
What You Will Do In Your Role


 Work independently, or within the construct of a product team, to understand customer and business requirements to deliver creative solutions which meet or exceed those business needs.
 Execution of this role will involve both the deployment of standardized product offerings and the creation of new solutions and services as required to meet customer needs.
 Coordinate with peers in leading the effort to develop and/or refine processes which optimize the delivery of Cloud solutions and create value for KBXL and its customers.
 Maintain awareness of emerging cloud-based industry trends and technologies which may create value.
 Produce documentation to support solutions that you have developed in order to aid in support of the solution.
 Developing a full stack microservice solution(s) including API’s, queue processing, and database interaction.
 Performing analysis and development of backend processing and Web-based front-end applications.
 Working with a team of engineers and analysts through discovery, delivery, and support of new platforms that are focused on the transformation of our transportation management systems
 Ensuring delivery of technical solutions that meet the business outcomes, consistent with software development standards and best practices for a service-oriented architecture
 Develop, test and deploy solutions based on requirements.
 Document changes based on solutions deployed.


The Experience You Will Bring
 Requirements:


 Hands on coding experience in front end development
 Experience with Angular or React
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS


What Will Put You Ahead


 Degree in Computer Science/MIS or Engineering
 Experience converting design mockups into an Angular user interface
 Experience building front-ends using component libraries
 Experience with different architecture methodologies (Monolithic vs. Microservices)
 Experience in AWS technology stack
 General Queuing Technologies (RabbitMQ\Apache-Kafka) experience\principles






 Our goal is for each employee, and their families, to live fulfilling and healthy lives. We provide essential resources and support to build and maintain physical, financial, and emotional strength - focusing on overall wellbeing so you can focus on what matters most. Our benefits plan includes - medical, dental, vision, flexible spending and health savings accounts, life insurance, ADD, disability, retirement, paid vacation/time off, educational assistance, and may also include infertility assistance, paid parental leave and adoption assistance. Specific eligibility criteria is set by the applicable Summary Plan Description, policy or guideline and benefits may vary by geographic region. If you have questions on what benefits apply to you, please speak to your recruiter.  
 At Koch companies, we are entrepreneurs. This means we openly challenge the status quo, find new ways to create value and get rewarded for our individual contributions. Any compensation range provided for a role is an estimate determined by available market data. The actual amount may be higher or lower than the range provided considering each candidate’s knowledge, skills, abilities, and geographic location. If you have questions, please speak to your recruiter about the flexibility and detail of our compensation philosophy. 
 For this role, we anticipate paying $90,000 - $120,000 per year. This role is eligible for variable pay, issued as a monetary bonus or in another form. 

Equal Opportunity Employer.  Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.  This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf



JazzHR's software engineering team builds cutting-edge products designed to provide a better hiring experience for both applicants and hiring teams.
 We tackle big technical challenges for systems at scale every day.
 Our team is built on mutual respect and trust. We emphatically embrace a culture of continued learning and growth, and are empowered to innovate, explore, and utilize our expertise to craft the right solutions for our customers.
 Our team values kindness and curiosity, driven by the desire to try, reflect, and adapt.
 We use modern web tooling and frameworks, such as PHP, Symfony, TypeScript, AngularJS, React, Docker, and AWS. While experience with our present tech stack is a plus, we value foundational software engineering experience and a drive to delight our customers over any individual technical skill. This is a fully remote role with the continental United States.
 What you'll do: 

Architect and build robust, performant APIs.
 Build intuitive UI components with modern web technologies.
 Deliver highly maintainable and well-tested code.
 Design scalable and generic data models that will hold up under high demand.

 You'll be a great fit if you have:

 2+ years of experience writing quality, well-tested code
 Great communication skills and a willingness to pair programs, swarm on critical issues and engage with your teammates to solve challenging problems.
 Enthusiasm for the “developer experience” of your colleagues by leveraging automated build tools.

 To learn more about our hiring process check out our overview here.
 About JazzHR:
 JazzHR has raised the bar in the recruiting software industry, with many of our innovations becoming industry-standard. We’re the first company to put powerful, yet easy-to-use recruiting software in the hands of startups, growing companies, and small businesses from all industries. We're proud of our accomplishments - click here to see more!
 About Employ:
 Employ empowers organizations of all sizes to overcome their greatest recruiting and talent acquisition challenges. Offering a combination of purpose-built intelligent software technologies, services, and industry expertise, Employ provides businesses of all sizes with powerful solutions for recruiting a diverse workforce. Through its JazzHR and Jobvite technologies, and NXTThing RPO services, Employ serves more than 12,000 customers across all industries. For more information, visit www.employinc.com.
 JazzHR and Employ are equal opportunity employers. All employment decisions are solely based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications without regard to race, gender, religion, ethnicity, age or any other status protected by the laws and regulations where we operate.
 
yorFuT6LHr


Panum Group, LLC., is seeking a Cloud Architect to support an existing contract. This person should have strong knowledge, skills and experience working in Cloud Environments.
Minimum Requirements

Bachelor’s of Science degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Computer Security, Information Systems, or related field, OR comparable level of professional experience
Experience with open source technologies and environments
Automation and scripting experience
Hands-on experience with Linux, AWS, and network fundamentals
Hands-on experience with CLI
Splunk deployment, configuration, and administration. Experience with Nessus
Worked with AWS, understands VPC, Security Groups, EC2, S3 (or equivalent cloud)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $140,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Federal: 3 years (Preferred)

License/Certification:

USC (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Remote Front End Engineer - Remote 
  
   We have been in business for 45 yrs! Our portfolio consists of 12,000 global brands & 1,750 global retailers & distributors. We are widely profitable and make 3-4 acquisitions a year! We have 30% year over year growth.
   
 Despite our rapid growth, we have kept a people first & employee first culture. In fact, our Engineering organization is led by an industry leader who has had ZERO attrition. We did not lay off ONE PERSON in 2020 or 2021 and we paid bonuses to our staff before our executives got any! We are a fast paced environment and looking for people who want to scale, build long term careers and RETIRE with us!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop/enhance front-end user interface
Be a part of a larger development team, interface with Product,, DevOps, QA and Project teams
Understand requirements/code/test high-quality web apps
Take wireframes from conception-to-implementation
Use Agile/Kanban methodologies for SDLC
Maintain work backlog through JIRA
Collaborate with team members across locations and time zones

 What You Need for this Position

Angular
JavaScript
CSS
HTML/XHTML
JSON

 What's In It for You

16 Days PTO + 3 Floating Days + 7 other holidays! Your PTO rolls into the next calendar year, too! We also have 2 volunteer days per year!
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, Adoption Leave: 4 weeks for primary caregiver)
Tuition reimbursement $3,000 per year max, $5,000 lifetime max eligibility requirements include 1 year of employment with us before enrollment 
Financial Wellness programs (fully funded by us) through SmartDollar 
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance available 
Employee referral bonuses 
Identity Theft Protection (premium dependent on options selected)


    So, if you are a strong Front End Engineer with experience in Angular, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

WHAT YOU’LL DO

Builds solutions and defect detection of displays and other technologies.
Design and develop the software using image processing, and computer vision (CV), for automatic defect detection solution.
The job is on the line with components (monitors, memory cards, screens), where each component is checked and tested automatically. One of three languages is possible – Matlab, Python or C++ + computer vision.
Development, maintenance and bug fixes in our software code bases to support factory product builds and testing from prototype to shipping
Debug and troubleshoot software issues working with cross-functional teams including manufacturing, EEs, and others involved in product builds
Track, prioritize and drive open issues within internal team and communicate status updates to cross-functional teams
Be the primary contact point and represent the Diags team in various meetings with global international teams
Develop low-level software in C programming language in an embedded and OS-less environment
Write and maintain existing python and/or lua scripts for device diagnostics

REQUIREMENTS

Background in embedded software development
At least 3+ years’ experience in embedded C
At least 3+ years’ experience in program management
Ability to drive issues, track tasks, and evaluate priorities on a regular basis
Background in computer architecture and knowledge of embedded hardware
Understands and thrives in a fast-paced environment

Preferred Skills: 

Any exposure to UEFI/EDK2 is a massive plus
Mac OSX and iOS knowledge and experience is a strong plus
Good multitasking capabilities with ability to handle frequent context switches
Fast learner with ability to be self-directed and a focus on execution
Manufacturing experience and exposure to working with contract manufacturers

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $130.00 - $140.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Embedded software: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


About Us
 Prokeep is a software company that has developed a messaging platform for the $100+ billion wholesale distribution market (i.e. plumbing, electrical, HVAC, etc.). Our team is agile, nimble, and dedicated to making our customers' lives easier with simple-to-use technology. We envision a world where distributors using our tools are more efficient and able to build better relationships with their customers. We are post product, post revenue and growing fast in the US and Canada.
 Your Mission
 We are looking for an engineer who is excited to make significant contributions to our API and other backend systems. You will be primarily focused on systems and cloud engineering, but we are a small and highly collaborative team, so from time to time you may also take a diversion into improving our deployment process, working on our internal administration app, or prototyping new features. You don’t have to be an expert with all the tools in our stack, but an interest in working on projects at all levels of the stack will be helpful as we expand the breadth of our platform. You should have strong opinions about tools and architecture, but should also be able to articulate those opinions persuasively, not abrasively. You should also take pride in writing performant, logically structured, and readable code, but be pragmatic enough to realize that sometimes shipped code is better than perfect code.
 Qualifications

5+ years experience working as a backend developer.
 Experience with Elixir/Erlang required.
 Distributed Elixir is a big plus.
 Familiarity with devops and CI/CD (ideally, GitLab CI).
 GraphQL APIs a big plus.
 Ability to write performant SQL queries and tune as needed.
 Experience writing automated tests and following coding standards.
 Willingness to perform code reviews and refactor existing code.
 Experience working remotely in a geographically distributed team.
 Desire to collaborate with other developers and ability to communicate over various channels (email, phone, Slack, Google Hangouts, etc.)

Working Relationship & Compensation
 This is a full-time salaried position and is permanently remote. Prokeep offers outstanding health, vision, and dental benefits, life insurance, unlimited PTO, and equity in our fast growing company.


Job description: 

Execute full software development life cycle (SDLC)
Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions
Well versed with OOPS, JavaScript, Networking, CSS, HTML, Databases,web services
Write well-designed, testable code
Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Comply with project plans and industry standards
Ensure software is updated with latest features

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


  Overview: 
  
    As the 
   Sr Software Engineer, you will be working independently or leads teams of 2-4 people responsible for application design, development, testing, and problem resolution work teams with significant autonomy and independence. The scope of work includes small system enhancements to major system projects. As an experienced developer and a beginning technical leader the position receives regular mentoring, feedback, and supervision by senior technical staff and management on team leadership skills.
  


 Applications may include custom developed software, commercial packaged software, or open-source software. Software may consist of on premise applications, cloud-based software and services, hybrid configurations, integration tools, or business workflow tools.
  


 This position has the ability to work remotely in any of the 40+ States in which TDS Telecom operates.
  


 This position can be hired at either a Sr Software Engineer or Lead Software Engineer depending on the skills and qualifications of the candidate. Different job postings exist for each of these positions. Please reference each job posting for the minimum qualifications required for each role.
   Responsibilities: 
  
Leads teams of 2-4 people that develop, test, and fix defects in application software.
 Leads the preparation of overall application software designs at the system level.
 Leads work teams in preparing work estimates and project schedules for all technical work for the projects within the team.
 Leads work teams in resolving complex problems that usually are limited to one system.
 Maintains expert knowledge on the systems and tools within the scope of the team's responsibility. Maintains expert knowledge of the business processes supported by the systems. Maintains expert-level knowledge of software development best practices, tools, and methodologies that are recognized throughout Information Systems.
 Leads teams focused on quality and continuous improvement initiatives across business units within the company.
 Maintains expert knowledge of the technologies and practices of the company's chosen markets. Maintains awareness of trends in technologies and vendor product offerings.
 Qualifications: 
  
 Required Qualifications


 Associate's degree (or higher) –OR- 2+ years professional work experience.
 3+ years experience in software development or testing.


 Other Qualifications


 Knowledge of software development methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of project management methodologies, practices, and tools.
 Knowledge of one more programming languages used by the team.
 Knowledge of software testing practices and tools.
 Knowledge of problem solving techniques and tools.
 Ability to travel as needed for company business and professional development.
 Ability to work nights and weekends as needed for system implementations and resolving system problems.
 Knowledge of business analysis practices and business process modeling.
 Knowledge of quality management and quality improvement practices.
 Knowledge of team leadership skills, practices, and behaviors.


 Benefits


    As a part of your total compensation, #TDS provides a comprehensive, competitive benefit package. This benefit plan addresses both the immediate and long-term needs that you and your family may have. For an overview of what we have to offer for full-time employees including vacation, health benefits, and retirement options, please click here.
  


 At TDS, we embrace Equal Employment Opportunity by valuing our differences and consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by law. To learn about our diversity & inclusion philosophy and culture, click here!
  



At DIRECTV, we’re connecting the world through the latest tech, top-of-the-line communications and the best in entertainment. Innovation powers all that we do, and our groundbreaking solutions deliver compelling communication and entertainment experiences to millions of customers worldwide. As part of our team, your next big idea could be our newest innovation. Here’s your opportunity to combine your passions for entertainment, media and technology to transform our company and your career. 

Do you have what it takes?

You’re self-motivated and have a passion for learning cloud services and software engineering
You’re open to working fully remote and can work autonomously
You like the idea of making changes that improve the speed, robustness and reliability of systems used across our organization to develop a product used by millions of customers
You succeed in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment with a “everything has a solution” mindset and a fearless “go-getter” attitude
You communicate effectively across all levels of our organization

Key Roles and Responsibilities:

Design, develop and deliver resilient and scalable solutions
Collaborate with architects, product owners and other engineering teams to design and architect robust end-to-end solutions
Own your services end-to-end, from ideation to production deployment and performance monitoring
Communicate technical solutions to both technical and non-technical audiences as the face of your team for engineering leadership meetings
Keep up-to-date with industry technology and be passionate about high-quality software engineering
Host demo presentations of POCs and development progress to peers and management

Here’s what you’ll need:

Knowledge of AWS services
Big Data Technologies
Python
Golang (nice to have) 

We’re looking for a forward-thinking, innovative, and talented engineer to join the Big Data Platform Engineering team. This position will work in an agile organization working on platform used to power DIRECTV Stream and DIRECTV Beam. These platforms support services, data processing, video processing, and advertising flows that make television work. You’ll be working on a high-visibility, fast paced team to work with other cross-functional business teams to help implement high quality solutions and deliver value to our customers.
This position is subject to the DIRECTV COVID-19 Vaccination Policy. Click here for additional information.
This position can earn between $77,100 - $154,200, not to mention all of the other amazing rewards that working at DIRECTV offers. From health insurance to tuition reimbursement and paid time off, to discounts on products and services… just to name a few. There is a lot to be excited about around here!
This is a remote position that can be located anywhere in the United States. #LI-Remote
Ready to join our team? Apply today!  DTV will consider for employment qualified applicants in a manner consistent with the requirements of federal, state and local laws.

 Job Posting: May 12, 2022, 3:42:06 PM
   Other Locations: Illinois-Chicago, Colorado-CASTLE ROCK, Texas-Dallas
   Schedule: Full-time
   Job Level: Associate/First Level Manager
 
Piper Companies is currently seeking a Java Software Engineers for REMOTE opportunities with a variety of fast-growing organizations on the east coast. The Java Software Engineers will participate in new feature development and contribute to an ongoing project to upgrade the existing architecture and design of enterprise software platforms. U.S Citizenship is required due to working with government contracts.
Responsibilities of the Java Software Engineer:
Work on new feature development, contribute towards architecture/design and assist with maintenance of existing software
Follow current software development best practices in an agile development environment
Provide ETL support, working knowledge is a plus but not necessary.
Work with Java Content Management Systems

Qualifications of the Java Software Engineer:
4-8 years of experience in a software engineer role, using Java
Experience working with PostgreSQL
Requires experience with back-end technologies such as Java or Spring/Spring Boot.
Requires expertise with front-end technologies such as JS, Angular, Bootstrap
Familiarity with containerization such as Docker or Kubernetes

Compensation for the Java Software Engineer:
Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K
Eligible candidates must live in CA, WA, OR, ID, NV, or AZ and salary range will vary based on candidate geographical location. 
As a key member of a sophisticated systems engineering team, your focus will be on how to enable other to use the Infrastructure solutions and applications in support of Umpqua Bank initiatives. We want a forward thinking individual who will push a self-service agenda for infrastructure and cloud related requests. You will be part of a team evaluating, designing, and implementing new technologies, while also looking to make existing technologies more efficient and easier to use by others. Some technologies we use are Azure public cloud, Nutanix HCI, VMWare, Citrix, Windows and Linux servers, Pure storage, monitoring tools, Active Directory and related Microsoft infrastructure. Provide high level customer service to other technology and bank associates. Assist or advise other TAG teams on technical issues. Participate in migration of various solutions from on premises to Azure cloud. Participate in infrastructure automation efforts as we move toward an infrastructure as code approach using orchestration and configuration management tools (examples include Terraform, Ansible, Puppet, SaltStack, etc.).
Functions

Responsible for planning, implementing and maintaining both public cloud and private cloud systems at Umpqua Bank.
This position is responsible for installing/configuring/maintaining systems, servers, client-based solutions, storage and applications within the following technologies:
Azure cloud, Server Operating Systems (Windows Linux), SCCM, Citrix (desktops and applications), storage technologies, backup/data protection technologies, hyper-converged infrastructure, virtualization,
Active Directory components, vulnerability remediation on all infrastructure components and Disaster Recovery planning/participation.
Learn or use Agile principles in an IT Operations environment
Researching, analyzing, recommending, and implementing solutions within their scope and enhancements. Requires the ability to systematically isolate technical issues and provide outstanding technical support to our clients.
Sharing rotation of on-call duties after hours and weekends to respond to emergency outages.
Preparing system solution designs, implementing complex enterprise-class systems and applications, analyzing the performance of infrastructure to assist with capacity planning, and performing system upgrades and monitoring the health of all systems, infrastructure and applications.
May be asked to coach, mentor, or train others and teach coursework as subject matter expert.
Demonstrate compliance with all bank regulations that apply to your position, and keep up to date on regulation changes.
Maintain working knowledge of our policies and procedures regarding the Bank Secrecy Act, Regulation CC, Regulation E, Bank Security and other regulations that apply to your position.

Qualifications

5-10+ years' experience in system or infrastructure engineering in a mid-size company with a proven track record of success.
Certification in one or more of the above-mentioned technologies preferred.
Strong coordination, organization, troubleshooting and communication abilities required.
Proven experience with building and maintaining hybrid cloud systems and infrastructure.
Advanced knowledge of and experience with several core technologies including Azure cloud, Server Operating Systems (Windows Linux), Microsoft Systems Center, Citrix (desktops and applications), Nutanix, VMWare, Active Directory components, Vulnerability remediation and Disaster Recovery planning/participation.
Proven experience with troubleshooting principles, methodologies, and issue resolution techniques.
Excellent verbal and written communications.
Knowledge of trends in technology in multiple areas.
Proven ability to absorb new ideas and concepts quickly.
Experience developing architecture documentation/Roadmaps.

Physical Requirements and Working Conditions
Work involves:

Sitting
Occasional walking
Lifting up to 10 pounds.

No relocation is offered.
This is a remote work opportunity that is available to people who reside in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, California, or Nevada while employed with us.
About Us
We do things a little differently here at Umpqua. Our retail stores serve as community hubs, our associates are given up to 40 hours of volunteer time each year, and we're never satisfied with the status quo. Greatness has no finish line, so we continue every day to keep people at the center of everything we do. We focus on building relationships, understanding our customers' needs and connecting to people in new and innovative ways -- always staying true to our mission of providing personalized banking for all people, whenever and however they prefer to bank.
Umpqua Bank is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability. We maintain a drug-free workplace and may perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
#LI-ST1
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $64,450.00 - $154,288.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

software engineer: 6 years (Required)
AzureDevOps: 6 years (Required)
SonarQube: 6 years (Required)
VeraCode: 6 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

 What we're looking for:
 Citrix Mission
 At Citrix, our Mission is to deliver an intelligent digital Citrix Workspace Experience that Empowers all Employees with Unified, Secure, and Reliable Access to all the Work Resources and Applications needed to be Productive and Do their Best Work – Anytime. Anywhere. Citrix provides Work Solutions for any Workspace Platforms and Seamless Integration Across all Apps. Citrix provides products and IT (Information Technology) solutions to collaborate work management, provides modern and consistent User experience across all devices and through application integration, workflow automation and our cloud-based technology and zero trust security, enabling our Clients and End Users with the best Enterprise Performance, Modernization, and Security!

 The World of Work is Constantly Changing and Evolving. At Citrix, we continued to Revolutionize and Build the Digital Workspace Technology that helps People and Organizations adapt to whatever comes next. Every day you'll have new opportunities to Grow and Innovate in ways that will make Work Better for Millions of People around the World. Citrix has been Ranked #11 on The Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology in 2021. Thousands of Organizations around the World Trust Citrix to keep their apps available, their data safe, and their people productive—wherever and whenever work happens.

 More than 400,000 Companies around the World, including 98 Percent of the Fortune 500, rely on Citrix Digital Workspace Solutions to provide secure, reliable access to the applications and information their employees need to engage and be productive, with over 100 Million Users Worldwide.

 What we are looking for

 You are Software Engineer that is well rounded in the practice of driving innovation and managing the entire software development application life cycle. You enrich teams with their ability to work on the current need: front-end development, back-end development, and anything in between. You are a self-driven, proactive, enthusiastic Software Engineer with a passion for technology and have a can-do attitude. You are a team player with strong written and verbal communication skills You're passionate about implementing functionality in incremental slices of value for the purpose of delighting the client’s and customers/end-users. Innovation, creativity, and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. Finally, you thrive in a collaborative environment and understand the power of a team over the individual. If this sounds like you, we would love to talk to you!

 Position Overview

 We are looking for a Software Engineer with a minumum of 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming Languages: C# Net and Java. Experienced in developing Backend-Services; Micro-Services, Rest API OR Web API. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a talented team of Software Professionals to create innovative cloud solutions. Responsibilities range from conceptualizing ideas, targeted research with rapid prototyping to determine feasibility, risk evaluation and then create well-thought-out software designs and implementation. You will work with the latest Virtualization and Cloud Platform/ Infrastructure, advancing towards the Citrix Vision of Consumer Driven access to Applications, Desktops and Cloud Computing.

 A passion for solving problems, can work in a collaborative and dynamic work environment to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest technologies. This Software Engineering Team Culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the innovation, dynamism, and vibrancy of a startup. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a very talented team of software professionals to create innovative cloud solutions.

 Role Responsibilities

 Collaborate with Product Managers, Product Design, DevOps, and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment.
 Full stack development; implement front-end and back-end business logic for new features.
 This role will be heavily leaning Back-end technologies, with about 80% work done with Backend Development.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your EndUsers.
 Help to design, build and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise performance, modernization, and security.
 Working as a part of an Agile software development teams.
 Compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents.
 Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking while incorporating different end user personas.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your End-Users.
 Help to design, build, and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise Cloud performance, modernization, and security.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards.


 Basic Qualifications

 Bachelors or Master’s degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred degree in Computer Science.
 Minimum 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming language with C# and Net Technologies.
 Demonstrated work experience developing Backend-Services; Micro-services or Cloud Services or Rest API and Web API.
 Fundamental understanding with Cloud Computing platforms; Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS. .
 Demonstrated experience in writing clean code in large codebases.
 Strong fundamental understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals; Algorithms, Data Structures.
 Embrace and implement Agile Development Framework and Methodologies.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with Frontend Technologies; JavaScript, Angular or React is good to have.
 Performance-drive, multi-tenant application development is good to have.
 Experience working in a development environment that uses CI/CD is good to have.
 Experience with databases preferably SQL or NoSQL.


 Candidates should preferably be

 Willing to work on diverse products and projects, each requiring different technologies, methodologies and approaches.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing. You will also receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures.
 Familiar with cloud computing technologies such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS.


 Personal Qualities we look for

 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Self-motivated individuals, with a strong desire to learn and develop.
 Can handle ambiguity well, has a growth mindset and is a team player with a passion for technology.
 A can-do positive, pro-active attitude.


 Why Work for Citrix

 Come and work with one of the most Innovative and Forward-Thinking Technology Companies on Planet Earth! You will get to work alongside some of the Brightest, Most Talented, and Passionate People in the World. As a member of team, you'll be uniquely and strategically positioned to work on cool and exciting projects that will have a direct impact for our Customers in numerous Industries, well into the Future!

 At Citrix, we want to help set you up for a successful career with us. We support Ideation, Experimentation, Innovation and Collaboration to Build Innovative IT Products and Solutions. We’re obsessed about making our Customers and End Users Happy. We are an Innovative Engine for our Colleagues, Communities, Customers and End-Users in the Digital Marketplace!

 Citrix's Pillars of Core Values are Integrity, Respect, Curiosity, Courage and Unity. The Work at Citrix is exhilarating, and that’s what makes it a whole lot of fun!
 Apply Today!

 Functional Area:

 Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.

 Citrix Systems, Inc. is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, marital status, protected veteran status and other protected classifications.

 Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.





    Scope AR is the pioneer of enterprise-class augmented reality solutions, delivering the industry’s only cross-platform AR tools for getting workers the knowledge they need, when they need it. The company is revolutionizing the way enterprises work and collaborate by offering AR tools that provide more effective and efficient knowledge-sharing to conduct complex remote tasks, employee training, product and equipment assembly, maintenance and repair, field and customer support, and more.
   


 The company’s device-agnostic technology supports smartphones, tablets and wearables, making it easy for leading organizations like Johnson & Johnson, Danaher, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell, and others to leverage AR as a new way to scale their organizations globally, with greater efficiency.
   


 Working at Scope AR provides you the opportunity to have a real and major impact on the way products around the globe get created and how work gets done.
   


 As a DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for scaling and securing server and network infrastructure of our services, both for the Scope AR Cloud and for on-premise installations, often for large, security conscious customers. You will play a key role in delivering the services our software depends upon, and be essential to our success.
   



Responsibilities

 Work with development teams to automate and streamline releases of our mission-critical distributed systems Based on our customers’ needs, design infrastructure configurations, both for our hosted services and for on-premise installations Anticipate changes to infrastructure to meet customers’ changing needs Write scripts to automate installations, maintenance, migrations, etc. Maintain, troubleshoot and administer VMs and networks for our hosted infrastructure Improve our Docker Swarm configuration set up for high availability and scalability to support our products Improve and execute on security policies, identify and resolve security issues Run scans, and harden server images, configuration, networks and environments Monitor services infrastructure performance; analyze issues, recommend and implement changes Automate testing of configuration and scripts Load/stress test configurations Create and run tests to determine scaling characteristics Document DevOps processes: develop standards to guide operations, support and maintenance Work with our customer to establish suitable network configurations and security policies to run our software Provide top tier support for on-premise installations Respond to security and infrastructure questions Plan and execute on meeting compliance requirements





Required Skills

 Minimum 3 yrs experience in a devops role Experience with Kubernetes Very good Linux knowledge Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins/Circle CI Linux server scripting skills, especially bash and higher-level languages, such as Python Automating installations Network configuration, setting firewall rules and other security policies AWS management, especially configuring VPCs, and using IAM Working with Docker, Docker compose and Docker swarm Database scaling and clustering Scaling services and network infrastructure in a cloud or data center environment Managed microservice-based service at scale How to monitor service performance, and automate scaling up or down How to monitor for security issues in an AWS environment





Bonus Skills

 Familiar with red/black deployments Experience with other AWS services, such as Aurora Experience with non-AWS cloud services, such as Microsoft Azure Comfortable scripting in Python and/or Ruby Experience with Chef/Puppet Experience with tools such as ELK, Graylog or similar Experience working in a SOC 2, ISO27001, and other compliance environments






 We're growing our team quickly, so if you like solving hard problems, want to have real influence at work and have the skills listed above, we'd love to hear from you!
   



We are looking for Software Engineer candidates (contractor role) for our client. If you join the team, you will have the chance to work with Microsoft’s Health cloud and data team, assisting with contribution to open-source projects, and working to revolutionize healthcare for the world. You will play an important role in bringing data from high tech devices into the platform.
Benefits: 

Healthcare
Opportunities for career development and growth
Continuous development of technical skills in emerging technologies, as well as leadership skills

Main Responsibilities: 

Develop software programs of a complex nature, including operating systems, applications, and network products.
Design and perform analysis on moderately complex programs and systems.
Analyze performance bottlenecks and system failures.
Take on Primary role in smaller, lower risk projects.
Contribute to the development of processes and methodology.
Project management such as assignments and schedules.

Key Qualifications: 

Deep understanding in Objective C, Swift, IOS development, minimum 2 years’ experience required.
Previous development experience in C#, minimum 2 years’ experience required.
Familiar with Azure, Azure DevOps.
Knowledge of Googlefit, Healthkit, SMART on FHIR app, desired but not a hard requirement.
Remote work with support to PST core hours required

About Wicresoft North America 
Wicresoft is a global company with over 10,000 employees worldwide. Wicresoft North America is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington with offices across the US. Wicresoft North America is an industry leader in the telecom industry for providing comprehensive network operations and engineering services, talent acquisition solutions and technology managed services, a global Gold Microsoft partner with offices in the US and U.K.
Wicresoft is devoted to delivering equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, disability, veteran status, age, or other condition or status protected by law.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is central to our Wicresoft Community. We believe in it. We fight for it. It’s part of who we are.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

iOS development: 2 years (Preferred)
C#: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote




    We are the Build team which falls within our larger Commercial Tech team and focuses on providing an abstraction layer to create, store, update and retrieve design data in order to provide visual representations for our customers to manage their own custom products. We also enable our customers to create and upload designs and support the rapid development of new products and creation flows at MOO. We enable our customers to view & create their custom designs as well as support other creation flows.
   


 We value everyone’s perspective and encourage new ideas, tackling challenges together, and learning from our mistakes. We really care about continually improving, and we love the open exchange of knowledge amongst our team members (and the wider Engineering department!).
   


 During the pandemic, we have been honing our virtual working skills and use Zoom for all of our calls and meetings. That creates a regular office day feeling giving us the chance to see each other's faces - sometimes it involves a smiling toddler walking into the room or a random cat walking on the keyboard - we are all one team.
   


 We are expanding our technology teams and looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer to join our ‘Build’ team which is at the core of our customers e-commerce journey. The main function of the Build team is developing the systems and user experience that allow customers to create and upload their designs to our platform for printing on our range of products. With being such a key part of the journey we have ensured it is very user friendly whilst being super powerful to support the range of customers that flow through it.
   



The Person We Want:

 Experienced in building end-to-end, complex e-commerce web applications and features using JavaScript and React. Understanding the importance of code quality, testing and be willing to own that code. Willing to work in a team and work closely with key stakeholders to ensure successful delivery. Learning and growth are key to our culture, so we will be looking for examples of where you have challenged yourself and learned a new tool, skill, or way of working.





Responsibilities: 

Build, test and deploy React applications as part of a multi-disciplinary product team Fully test your applications using unit, integration, and functional testing Contribute to your team via pair programming, code reviews, knowledge sharing and team demos Participate in design sessions, follow engineering best practices and the MOO Engineering principles to ensure high standards are maintained Leverage best practices in testing, continuous integration and delivery Participate in identifying and eliminating technical debt Collaborate with other engineers, across teams, on a variety of projects Continuously experiment, iterate and deliver on new product objectives





About You: 

You will have significant experience in the following technologies: React, Modern Javascript, TypeScript, Sass, HTML5 and CSS3 Proven experience in deploying React applications using pipelines from integration all the way to production Very comfortable with AWS or equivalent, Docker, CI/CD operations and knowledge of Terraform would be a bonus You have an interest in design and a key eye for detail You care about great user experience for our customers and want to collaborate with other engineers and stakeholders to achieve this You like to mentor and support junior engineers You are self-motivated and a team player






This position is open to fully-remote candidates who can work from anywhere in the United States and Canada. Candidates also have the option to work from one of our office locations in Chicago or Toronto.


Who we are: Founded in 2001, Vivid Seats (NASDAQ: SEAT) is a leading online ticket marketplace committed to becoming the ultimate partner for connecting fans to the live events, artists, and teams they love. We believe in the power of experiences and are fiercely dedicated to building products that inspire human connections. Named as one of Built In Chicago’s top 10 places to work in 2021, we believe that our People are our greatest competitive advantage. To support our People, we have built a company culture that empowers our employees to embrace challenges, encourages unity through collaboration, and seeks to constantly evolve by leveraging data and inspiring innovation.
  

The Opportunity: 
 As a 
  Senior Engineer you’ll make highly visible enhancements to our platform by maintaining and building new features across our Core Java applications. Our teams work with a variety of applications that enable our ability to sell tickets, manage inventory, support our internal users, and provide a great customer experience from the website to the box office.
  

How your role contributes to the success of Vivid Seats:


 Help set the direction of the design and development of the backend systems powering our B2C Marketplace.
 Develop innovative solutions that give Vivid Seats a competitive advantage, mentor engineers, encourage team members, and champion technology improvements for your delivery team.
 Work cross functionally in Agile development teams that deploy to AWS production environments on demand, multiple times a day.
 Tackle some of the most difficult challenges scaling an e-commerce marketplace by developing creative algorithms and features that maximize value and efficiency across the organization.
 Partner with a team of Product Owners, Quality Engineers, and Engineers to deliver exceptional software, showcasing your work at the end each work cycle.
 Implement your expertise for best practices in design patterns, code quality, testing, and innovation to keep our commitment of always putting our customers first.

 How your role expectations will progress as a Senior Engineer in the first 30, 90, and 180 days:


30 days in


 Complete new hire orientation, gaining the resources you need to be successful
 Learn how ticket marketplaces operate and how you’ll contribute to providing great experiences for our customers
 Acclimate to team and company norms, business objectives, and Vivid Seats values
 Develop basic understanding of applications, tech stack, and development process.

 90 days in


 Enhance our approaches, methods, or technologies to mitigate risks and improve efficiencies
 Build, maintain, and leverage internal and external relationships to achieve progress and advance objectives
 Apply technical learnings that align with the product roadmap to overall department and organizational goals that drive company initiatives forward.
 Contribute to team planning, estimations and software design sessions.

 180 days in


 Design and implement process improvements that positively impacts the team
 Mentor others, playing an active role in elevating the skill sets of those you work with
 Guide the team's work so that it fits into the larger team and engineering group objectives.
 Produce and deliver clean, correct code that drives team and company tech goals forward.
 Improve efficiency in core systems and applications managed by the team and contribute to engineering group objectives.

 What You’ll Bring:


 A proven career developing Web based, Distributed and Multi-Tier architecture using Java/J2EE or other major platforms (Python, Scala, Clojure, etc.)
 Experience designing, building and testing web services and APIs.
 Strong knowledge of Spring, REST, Service Oriented Architecture, OAuth, Basic Authentication and PCI.
 Ability to translate complex technical concepts into high-level designs and act as a subject matter expert in software design, architecture, implementation, deployment and support across our full platform.
 Proficient in SQL and relational database modeling.
 Familiarity with modern front-end technologies such as JavaScript and Single Page Application Frameworks and their interactions with APIs.

 Our Commitment:

 We are an equal opportunity employer that values the critical importance of a diverse workforce and sense of belonging. Many of our roles have flexible requirements and we encourage you to apply regardless of whether you meet every qualification. 
  
 Vivid Seats provides competitive compensation; bonus incentives and equity for all employees; FLEX PTO; mental health days; medical, dental, and vision insurance; 401K matching; monthly credits and discounts for attending live events; remote work and snack allowances; and a variety of additional workplace perks.
 

90% of the work will be Python and QT, with some Rust and Open GL work also. C++ developers with decent Python skills who can transition full-time to Python are welcome.
Our client is seeking mid-level to senior QT Software Engineers with outstanding technical software development skills with extensive experience in development of both web and rich client software in C++ or Python-based applications. The individual will have a track record of working within agreed methods and frameworks for software development. You will help to enhance a Desktop 3D frontend, web frontend, and cloud-based infrastructure with a particular focus on developing new features that are relevant to the offshore wind industry. These tools allow users to design models, connect to a cloud-based engineering simulation engine, and visualize/post-process results. You will help with development of the client's proprietary Modeler, which is a QT-based front-end to their engine. You will improve the client's ability to support customer requests and add new front-end features. These are very high-impact for their customers and sales because front-end features are user- facing. You will need to be extremely comfortable communicating with engineers in a very technical landscape. This position reports to the Chief Architect with also a line to the Technology Development team.
Key Responsibilities: Use Python (and Qt, QML, OpenGL, numpy) to implement new features and maintain existing features for the Desktop frontend. Some Rust and OPEN GL work.Create prototypes for new ideas and features.Work collaboratively with the engineering teams to understand end user requirements to provide technical solutions, user interface designs as well as implementation of new software features.Help develop a clear and robust desktop API which is a basis for a scripting interface, an automated end-to-end test suite, and allowing development of 3rd-party plugins.Ensure the reliability of desktop application via framework of testing layers (unit-test, integration test, end-to-end test). Add and update tests as the application scales up.Build a test suite to detect bugs, errors for the application to ensure it's in good shape at all times, including the UI/UX requirement.
Experience and Qualifications: 5 years minimum overall application programming experience.Previous work experience as a Python Developer with QT, or C++ and QTDegree in Computer Science and/or Engineering or related discipline.Hands on experience with Python user interface frameworks.Up-to-date with the latest UI/UX techniques and technologies.Used to working in an International context with good written and spoken English.Experience in UI development, preferably in CAE/CAD/3D graphics applications.Understanding of performance testing and optimization techniques.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Software Engineer
 Remote
 About TimeDoc Health:
 Founded in 2015, TimeDoc Health is a leader in virtual Chronic Care Management (CCM) for healthcare providers - one of the largest new markets in healthcare. We enable providers to deliver truly continuous, comprehensive care by helping them establish care management programs for patients with chronic and behavioral health conditions. Our solution combines a care management SaaS platform, remote patient monitoring devices, and digital care management services to provide the personal touch often missing in healthcare. We have scaled our platform to over 50,000 enrolled patients and have set a goal to reach one million patients by the end of 2025. Are you ready to have a huge impact on thousands of patients' lives? Apply now to get started! #BecomingATimeDoctor
 Responsibilities

 Design, build, and maintain testable user interface components using React concepts
 Know code works because all the tests pass, including the new ones just written
 Work with others, developers and product/business, to develop complete software
 Develop and connect with internal and 3rd party APIs and Microservices
 Participate in architecture and design sessions
 Learn how to build continuous deployment pipelines, creates infrastructure thru code, push button deploys

 What we're looking for

 Experience / Knowledge of ReactJS/Node/Angular/or similar frameworks
 Ability to learn. Not afraid to ask good questions
 Experience / Knowledge of APIs / Microservice architectures
 Cares about the customer experience
 BS and/or MS degree in Computer Science or related experience

 What success looks like

 Making an amazing experience for our customers (internal and external)
 Delivering high quality code while contributing to the knowledge base





Nom Nom is improving the lives of dogs and cats everywhere. One meal at a time.
 We deliver real, restaurant-quality meals every month — prepped, mixed and portioned in our very own kitchens. Personalized all the way down to the calorie, each meal is formulated to meet the unique needs of every pet we serve. Our Board Certified Veterinary Nutritionist® and staff of world-class scientists make sure of it, researching, studying and innovating nonstop to ensure maximum nutrition from all of our recipes while advancing pet health at large.
 We’re a team of pet lovers (duh), complacency crushers (you bet) and doggedly-determined
 experts (woof) that pride ourselves on serving up the best food possible for our four-legged family.
 We take absolute ownership over everything we do, persistently pushing one another toward creative solutions to complex problems. With a healthy serving of fun when time permits.
 (Time always permits.)

 Full Stack Engineer
 We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to join our growing technical team, led by ex-Google engineers. You will be responsible for maintaining overall quality of the code base, provide code reviews for other developers, build infrastructure to help scale the growing business, and guide feature development across the entire stack.

 RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Write reliable, well-tested code in Python (primary) and Javascript (secondary) on Google Cloud infrastructure
 Develop robust APIs and build applications on a modern tech infrastructure, adhering to design principles and best practices
 Design data storage systems to accommodate a growing repository of pet data
 Lead projects, provide code reviews and mentor other team members
 Work directly from leadership and cross functional stakeholders to manage project priorities, deadlines and deliverables

 REQUIREMENTS:

 5+ years of experience coding in Python and Javascript to ship products
 High standards for code quality and elegant implementations
 Adaptability, integrity, and curiosity to learn
 Experience designing distributed SQL/non-SQL data storage solutions
 Ability to synthesize, prioritize feedback into clear, coherent requirements


 BENEFITS:

 Competitive pay
 Associate Discount
 Medical, Dental, Vision, Prescription and much more
 Health Savings Account and FSA
 401K with a match to 4%
 We pay 100% of Short Term and Long Term disability
 Life Insurance
 Paid holidays and vacation
 Formal training and opportunities for career progression


 Nom Nom embraces inclusion, diversity and equal opportunity. We're committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Nom Nom is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.




  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The Indexing team works on Etsy’s infrastructure for information retrieval, powering the foundational layers of search for our marketplace. We work closely with product teams and platform site reliability engineers to deliver a robust and scalable search system to serve our 100+ million listings to our buyers.
 The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture that includes the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and keeping up a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraft.com/
 This role is (eventually) located in one of our Brooklyn or San Francisco offices, or remote within the US & Canada. Etsy offers three different work modes to meet the variety of needs and preferences of our team: Flex mode for candidates who are comfortable traveling to an office location at least 4-6 days per month, Remote mode, and Office-based mode. Learn more about our flexible work modes and vaccination policy here.
 About the Role
 You will do well in this role if you:

 Have experience working in information retrieval technologies, ingest pipelines, and indexing/serving layers
 Have experience with candidate set generation and filtering using a variety of techniques for high level ranking
 Interested in building systems on Rust as we iterate on the next generation of our search engines
 Are a strong communicator and enjoy collaboration with members of the team

 For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.



  Qualifications
   About You

 Experience with Information Retrieval technologies like inverted indexes, ANN.
 Experience with distributed systems.
 Experience with Java and/or Rust.
 Interest in developing distributed systems in Java and Rust.
 You have proven engineering and coding skills, data structure knowledge and ability to write high performance production quality code.
 You have experience working with functional programming languages and Scala
 You are a strong collaborator and communicator and you make the engineers around you grow and learn.

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.


Directory / HTML Assistant for Online Medical Textbook
PathologyOutlines.com, now in its 21st year, seeks a Directory / HTML Assistant to work 20-30 hours per week, no nights or weekends, with the possibility of increased hours. Meticulous attention to detail is required. You need to care a lot about small details in written documents that others often ignore. Prior training or experience demonstrating that you have this capability and desire is important. A science or biology background is also helpful. HTML experience is preferred.
We publish a free online pathology textbook with 4,500 topics, written by University professors, peer-reviewed by outside Editors and paid for by advertising. We also recently created a Worldwide Directory of Pathologists, see https://www.pathologyoutlines.com/directory, which is the focus of this position.
Your main responsibility will be serving as a member of our “Directory Team” to create profiles for pathologists using institutional lists of pathologists. You will research these pathologists online to gather data for their profiles. Occasionally, you will transfer pathologist survey data into the database or update the database based on changes submitted. In addition, as an HTML Assistant, you will format job, fellowship and conference advertisements, and possibly handle author content for our textbook using our online templates, HTML and our content management system (CMS). There may be additional responsibilities based on ability. We will train you to perform these responsibilities.
You must be organized and be able to work independently. This is a telecommuting job, with the option to work in the office.
This is a great job if flexibility is needed - our employees typically prefer part time to allow them to care for family members or pursue outside interests. The pay is $16 per hour. At hiring, we provide health care premium reimbursement up to $2600/year. After 3 months, you are eligible for our quarterly profit sharing bonus (if applicable), which has historically been substantial. At 6 months, we provide 2 weeks of annual paid vacation. At 1 year, we provide a company funded 401(k) and a cash pension retirement plan. At 2 years, we provide 4 weeks of annual paid vacation. Other benefits (if working in the office) are a comfortable quiet workspace and monthly office lunches. The office includes 22 other individuals (almost all are part time) and is located on Telegraph Road between 12 and 13 Mile in Bingham Farms, Michigan.
You will be working with Apple computers (if working in the office), using HTML/CSS, Google Apps (Mail, Docs, Calendar), Internet browsers (Safari, Firefox and Chrome), and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Please submit a cover letter with your resume that gives us examples of your experience in editing and attention to detail and tells us why you want a part time position.
Job Type: Part-time
Pay: $16.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

HTML: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are looking for a Python Developer to join our engineering team and help us develop and maintain various software products. Python Developer responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team. Ultimately, you’ll build highly responsive web applications that align with our business needs.
Responsibilities

Write effective, scalable code
Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance
Integrate user-facing elements into applications
Test and debug programs
Improve functionality of existing systems
Implement security and data protection solutions
Assess and prioritize feature requests
Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple priorities
Ability to be motivated, self-directed, results-oriented, and Client-focused

Skills

Work experience as a Python Developer
Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)
Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)
Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)

Qualifications

Good problem-solving skills
Minimum 0-3 years of working experience in relevant field
Motivated, self-directed, results-oriented, and client-focused
Detail oriented and possess a desire for quality
Experience in working on distributed or remote teams
Ability to set priorities, meet deadlines, and work independently
A Bachelor’s degree or Associate’s degree is required
Team spirit

Job Types: Contract, Temporary
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Benefits:

Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

0-3: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

What we need: We have big plans to re-architect, rebuild and rethink how we digest and process millions of documents every day. Our customers need Logikcull more than ever (More customers and more data per customer = non linear growth!) and our Processing team is at the core of every challenge we have as a rapidly growing company. At Logikcull, recursion isn't just for solving Fibonacci puzzles. It's what happens when Phil from Legal learns he can drag any type of document into a PDF. Embedded files All. The. Way. Down. How deep do these documents go, not even Phil knows. Do you love complex systems, the push and pull between rapid growth and simple, reliable software? You might fit right in here at Logikcull. Come grow your engineering skills and help build a high-impact team.
*Who you’ll work with: *You'll join a team of engineers dedicated to processing customer data in Logikcull. Our engineers are steeped in file formats of all types, love parallel and concurrent programming (and know the difference) and daydream about workflow and pipeline designs. Heather can tell you the exact date the mbox format was introduced in unix. Tucker might try to convert you by sharing the message about Erlang and Chris may be close to figuring out how to make drones sentient enough to do document review for our customers. A diverse team is an asset and we're hoping you will bring something unique to offer too.
What you’ll do: 

Learn quickly about Discovery vocabulary and procedures. Welcome to Legal technology, a huge market where we can uniquely deliver on our mission.
Work with a team to evaluate, help prioritize and execute on technical improvement projects
Work with product designers to understand new feature ideas and requirements
Create sample document sets to help improve testing and understanding of intricate file formats
Write highly performant code to elevate processing capacity and throughput (Even small changes can have outsized effects when millions of documents flow through Logikcull)
Build software to integrate with the latest and most popular external services like Slack, GVault and more

What we’re looking for (you!): 

You are a team player, ready to support your co-workers while also raising the bar for the entire group
You have experience working in fast paced environments, shipping working software multiple times per week
You are comfortable developing in Ruby, Python, Java, or Kotlin
You have a solid grasp of computer science fundamentals
Data processing at scale sounds FUN, you weirdo
You are comfortable prototyping on a whiteboard and with example code
You believe data drives insights and helps determine where we go
You have a solid appreciation for observability and understand how to operate production software at scale

Why us?Join for the amazingly talented and kind people. Stay for the massive customer and market impact. Read what our employees & customers have to say, and be sure to watch this quick explainer video. We're 100% remote/distributed, and staying that way! Our benefits are best in class. And our perks, including $1k/year for WFW (Work From Wherever), company off-sites (see photos), half-day Fridays, and killer SWAG make working @ Logikcull even better.
_Logikcull is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, marital status, sex, age, sexual orientation, military, and veteran status, registered domestic partner status, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need._
Job Type: Full-time

BACKEND SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
We’re going places – want to join us!?
Perenso is a leading provider of B2B e-commerce solutions for trade show hosts, cloud show hosts and field sales representatives. Our sales force automation, trade show and cloud show operations software optimizes the sales process and increases customer profits. Perenso is the platform of choice for leading brands in food service, pet, pharmaceutical and grocery distribution sectors.
We’re a great bunch of people (if we do say so ourselves) working in a high performance, but friendly, environment. We genuinely care for our customers and are looking for our newest team member to help us create a superior customer experience.
We have plans, lots of exciting plans, that we want you to be part of including the rapid expansion of our global presence. If you’ve reviewed the details of the role below and think you’re willing and able to take this journey with us, please send through your application. We look forward to hearing from you soon.
Job description
We are searching for a full time Backend Software Engineer with the relevant professional qualifications and/or significant experience to work with our very experienced and passionate software engineers. This role reports directly to our Chief Technical Officer.
The successful applicant will have a passion for technology and development, problem solving and building platforms to delight our customers. Someone who rapidly absorbs new information has an awareness of developing technologies and their application and also drives their own development. If this sounds like you then we would like to hear from you!
Our team is located mainly in Sydney Australia and in Denver Colorado. All our staff work remotely from home based offices. We are seeking a candidate who can work within the Sydney, Australia time zone.
While you work remotely the role will involve participation in regular team meetings as well as a daily team huddle, so you will certainly feel part of the team!
Qualities 

At least 3yrs experience in backend development
Pride yourself on strong fundamentals and software craftsmanship
Passionate about writing testable, effective and communicative code
Able to architect and build highly available, scalable secure and performant systems
Strong knowledge of data and application security
Experience working with relational databases using SQL
Solid experience in agile software development practices
Excellent analytical and time management skills
Enjoys working in a collaborative team environment

Skills 

Strong proficiency in .NET C#
Strong proficiency in GraphQL APIs and REST APIs
Experience with Microsoft SQL server databases
Experience with Microsoft Azure stack

Key responsibilities 

Collaborate effectively with our development team on the entire application lifecycle, focusing on coding and debugging
Define and communicate technical and design requirements
Working to deadlines
Follow emerging technologies

Key Technologies: 

.NET C#
GraphQL APIs
REST APIs
Microsoft SQL Server databases

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

APIs: 1 year (Preferred)
Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft SQL Server: 3 years (Preferred)
GraphQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Software Development Manager for a full-time, remote, direct-hire opportunity for a growing fintech company. The Software Development Manager will direct the development lifecycle of enterprise SaaS products, manage day-to-day development activities, and collaborate with Product teams to translate and satisfy technical requirements.

 The Software Development Manager must be able to work core EST hours.

 Responsibilities of the Software Development Manager:

 Own the entire development lifecycle for a portfolio of web applications and platforms, utilizing C#/ASP.Net/SQL Tech Stack
 Translate complex technical requirements and strategies for defining, developing, and delivering quality products to stakeholders
 Manage the integration of large applications with 3rd party vendors, and the migration of legacy applications onto Azure Cloud
 Support and grow development team through mentorship, hiring, and conducting performance reviews for team members
 Maintain strong communication with senior leadership throughout project lengths


 Qualifications of the Software Development Manager:

 6+ years of experience in software development
 3+ years of experience in a Manager or Scrum Master role in an Agile environment
 Strong experience utilizing ASP.Net, C#, REST APIs, .Net Core, etc. for web app or enterprise software development
 Must have strong understanding of REST APIs and 3rd Party API integrations
 (Preferred) Experience with Azure Cloud
 Must hold U.S. citizenship or green card visa.


 Compensation of the Software Development Manager:

 Salary: $135,000 - $145,000 annually
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, dental, vision, PTO, holiday, 401k, etc.


 Keywords: Senior Engineering Manager, Manager of Software Development, Software Development Manager, Architect, Lead Engineer, senior level, people management, IT leadership, Scrum Master, CSPO, Certified Product Owner, Team Lead, C#, ASP.Net, VB.Net, .Net Core, REST APIs, React, Javascript, ERP, enterprise resource management, mysql, postgres, github, ERP integration, app development, App Development, Web App, cloud solutions, cloud engineering manager, fintech, financial ERP, fulltime, direct hire, direct placement, permanent, WFH, work from home, Mid-Level, Senior, remote engineering manager, remote software manager, Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment, Enterprise software development jobs, web application developer, Postman, Apache, REST, SOAP, Web Service Development, health, dental, vision, retirement, benefits


 We are looking for Site Reliability Engineers ( software engineers/developers will also be considered) for Permanent, Full Time Employment for our direct client - FULLY REMOTE 
 
 Ideal candidate will have a strong software development foundation with 5+ years of experience writing code in Java, Python, Go or other programming language. 
 
 Ideal candidate will also have knowledge/experience in Infrastructure, DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering. 
 
 **Coding test implemented into interview process 
 

Technical Competencies:
 MUST HAVE experience in OOP or OOD 
 
 MUST HAVE architecture experience/background 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience 
 
 Minimum of 4+ years of professional Software Development/Engineering experience 
 
 Experience writing code in Java, Go, Shell, Perl, Node.js, Python, or a similar language 
 
 Experience with data structures, algorithms, and software design 
 

Compensation:
 Employment with a top corporation that offers professional development 
 
 $125K-$225K base salary 
 
 Quarterly Bonus Structure 
 
 $35K-$60K sign on bonus 
 
 Full Benefits 
 
 Restricted Stock Units ( RSUs) 
 
 Open Paid Time Off Policy 
 
 If qualified, interested, and available ( or know of somebody who is), please reply with an updated resume for immediate consideration to isabella.c@comcentric.com 
 
 Isabella CdeBaca 
 Recruiter 
 Comcentric Inc. 
 isabella.c@comcentric.com


This position is open to fully-remote candidates who can work from anywhere in the United States and Canada. Candidates also have the option to work from one of our office locations in Chicago or Toronto.


Who we are: Founded in 2001, Vivid Seats (NASDAQ: SEAT) is a leading online ticket marketplace committed to becoming the ultimate partner for connecting fans to the live events, artists, and teams they love. We believe in the power of experiences and are fiercely dedicated to building products that inspire human connections. Named as one of Built In Chicago’s top 10 places to work in 2021, we believe that our People are our greatest competitive advantage. To support our People, we have built a company culture that empowers our employees to embrace challenges, encourages unity through collaboration, and seeks to constantly evolve by leveraging data and inspiring innovation.
  

The Opportunity: 
 As a 
  Senior Engineer you’ll make highly visible enhancements to our platform by maintaining and building new features across our Core Java applications. Our teams work with a variety of applications that enable our ability to sell tickets, manage inventory, support our internal users, and provide a great customer experience from the website to the box office.
  

How your role contributes to the success of Vivid Seats:


 Help set the direction of the design and development of the backend systems powering our B2C Marketplace.
 Develop innovative solutions that give Vivid Seats a competitive advantage, mentor engineers, encourage team members, and champion technology improvements for your delivery team.
 Work cross functionally in Agile development teams that deploy to AWS production environments on demand, multiple times a day.
 Tackle some of the most difficult challenges scaling an e-commerce marketplace by developing creative algorithms and features that maximize value and efficiency across the organization.
 Partner with a team of Product Owners, Quality Engineers, and Engineers to deliver exceptional software, showcasing your work at the end each work cycle.
 Implement your expertise for best practices in design patterns, code quality, testing, and innovation to keep our commitment of always putting our customers first.

 How your role expectations will progress as a Senior Engineer in the first 30, 90, and 180 days:


30 days in


 Complete new hire orientation, gaining the resources you need to be successful
 Learn how ticket marketplaces operate and how you’ll contribute to providing great experiences for our customers
 Acclimate to team and company norms, business objectives, and Vivid Seats values
 Develop basic understanding of applications, tech stack, and development process.

 90 days in


 Enhance our approaches, methods, or technologies to mitigate risks and improve efficiencies
 Build, maintain, and leverage internal and external relationships to achieve progress and advance objectives
 Apply technical learnings that align with the product roadmap to overall department and organizational goals that drive company initiatives forward.
 Contribute to team planning, estimations and software design sessions.

 180 days in


 Design and implement process improvements that positively impacts the team
 Mentor others, playing an active role in elevating the skill sets of those you work with
 Guide the team's work so that it fits into the larger team and engineering group objectives.
 Produce and deliver clean, correct code that drives team and company tech goals forward.
 Improve efficiency in core systems and applications managed by the team and contribute to engineering group objectives.

 What You’ll Bring:


 A proven career developing Web based, Distributed and Multi-Tier architecture using Java/J2EE or other major platforms (Python, Scala, Clojure, etc.)
 Experience designing, building and testing web services and APIs.
 Strong knowledge of Spring, REST, Service Oriented Architecture, OAuth, Basic Authentication and PCI.
 Ability to translate complex technical concepts into high-level designs and act as a subject matter expert in software design, architecture, implementation, deployment and support across our full platform.
 Proficient in SQL and relational database modeling.
 Familiarity with modern front-end technologies such as JavaScript and Single Page Application Frameworks and their interactions with APIs.

 Our Commitment:

 We are an equal opportunity employer that values the critical importance of a diverse workforce and sense of belonging. Many of our roles have flexible requirements and we encourage you to apply regardless of whether you meet every qualification. 
  
 Vivid Seats provides competitive compensation; bonus incentives and equity for all employees; FLEX PTO; mental health days; medical, dental, and vision insurance; 401K matching; monthly credits and discounts for attending live events; remote work and snack allowances; and a variety of additional workplace perks.
 


Piper Companies is currently seeking a Remote Python Software Engineer for an opportunity with a fast-growing organization based on the east coast. The Remote Python Software Engineer will participate in new feature developments and contribute to ongoing projects of the company’s certification work in the public sector.

 Responsibilities of the Remote Python Software Engineer:


 Work on new feature development, contribute towards architecture and design.
 Follow current software development best practices in an agile development environment
 Work with Python technologies in collaboration with other languages


 Qualifications of the Remote Python Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering required (Or applicable work experience).
 US Citizenship due to the company working with government contracts. 
 4-7 years of experience in a software engineer role.
 Experience and extensive familiarity working with Python


 Compensation for the Remote Python Software Engineer:


 Salary Range: $140-170k depending on the role, experience, and level of responsibility.
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K




At Strata-G, we define significance by the extraordinary people we hire, the relationships we build with our clients, and the positive impact we make in the community. Our team of intellectually curious and highly motivated engineers, scientists and business professionals engages with our clients to solve complex energy and environmental challenges around the world.
We are driven by our values to create a culture of significant and positive change for our clients and the world.
We Care We treat our customers and employees as we wish to be treated. Integrity We are honest and ethical in every endeavor. Service We continuously strive to please our customers and to exceed their expectations. Quality We maintain a culture of continuous improvement. Safety We hold paramount the safety and health of our associates, our customers, the public, and the environment. Innovation We develop creative solutions to better serve our customers. Attitude We maintain a positive attitude and value humor. Outreach We share the results of our successes with the community.
Strata-G is seeking an experienced Frontend Software Engineer with the following:
Summary: 
NREL's Cybersecurity Science and Simulation Group (CSSG) is performing research to secure our energy systems from cyberattack, and to make them more resilient to disruptions of any type. Using an on-premises private cloud interconnected with unique and powerful laboratory systems, NREL's cyber range powers our investigation of rapidly evolving communication systems, industrial control systems, internet of things (IoT), and the flow of energy on which we all depend. Our research significantly enhances energy security, resilience, efficiency, and affordability across the United States and the world.
In CSSG, software engineers work closely with network engineers and architects, mathematicians, and security professionals. Every project involves collaboration across NREL's domains of expertise – from renewable generation via wind, solar, and geothermal; to efficient energy consumption in smart buildings, electric vehicles, and industry; to the power systems, energy storage, data and control algorithms needed to ensure the whole system operates reliably. 
The successful candidate will support development of multiple software projects, primarily the cyber range application[ (#_ftn1)1] but also development of applications such as the Distributed Energy Resources Cybersecurity Framework (DER-CF)[2] (#_ftn2). The cyber range application orchestrates and automates an experiment's virtual private cloud, enables bidirectional data flow to next-generation devices in NREL's laboratories, and provides analysis and visualization of the experimental outcomes. The successful applicant will work collaboratively to identify, design, implement, and test new functionality across a variety of software applications with a primary focus on the frontend and data visualization. They will be comfortable working in an interdisciplinary environment to remove uncertainty from project requirements and build consensus around outcomes.
General Duties: 

Developing software in a team environment
Working under nominal supervision and providing technical direction
Providing innovative technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems
Contributing to the completion of milestones on multiple projects and/or specific programmatic objectives. 
Receiving long-range directions on new assignments, with nominal oversight, on complex features or problems. 

Required Knowledge/Skills/Attributes: 

PhD in Computer Science or related field, Or, Master's Degree in Computer Science, or related field, and 3+ years of relevant experience Or, Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related field, and 5+ years of relevant experience Or, equivalent experience of at least 10 years
Expertise developing complex software applications using an OO language such as Golang (preferred), Python, C# or C++
Capacity to learn new programming languages and technology frameworks
Experience using version control, issue tracking, and backlog management in a team environment
Experience with CI/CD frameworks and tools, including Gitlab
Strong communication and writing skills
Experience with Linux systems
Flexibility to work in a highly dynamic scientific environment

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience developing APIs and microservices
Experience using test-driven development
Data modeling experience using XSD and/or JSON Schema
Development of technical documentation for software applications
Excitement about improving our national energy security

Strata-G will not sponsor applicants for immigrant or non-immigrant work visas. The successful candidate will be required to submit evidence of identity and employment authorization. Tests for the absence of any illegal drug as defined in 10 CFR 707.4, will be conducted by Strata-G and a background investigation by the Federal government may be required to obtain an access authorization prior to employment. Strata-G is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, gender identity, protected veteran or disabled status.


Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
We seek self-starting and curious individuals to join our team. The Metrics SDE position is unique and exciting in the breadth of the technical challenges and at the rapid pace at which those challenges may arise and evolve. The prospective SDE’s must feel very comfortable learning new technical skills and subject areas quickly. These engineers will have a lot of autonomy and ability to innovate in their role.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Information Technology, or Computer Science, from a four-year college or university, Masters degree is preferred
1-2 years of experience in a software development role is preferred, but we encourage candidates of all backgrounds to apply
Job Duties will include:
Software development of the Cozeva platform to ensure the Cozeva platform continues to qualify and obtain healthcare quality metrics certifications, i.e. NCQA, AMP, ACO;
Software development of new products and features of the Cozeva platform;
Software development of the Metrics Engine Infrastructure;
Improve and enhance existing features of the Cozeva platform.
Skills:
SQL, Python, and Shell script
Data Science
Designing Data-Intensive Applications
Through understanding of the Software Development Life-cycle (e.g. Requirements, Design, Development, Testing) and exposure to Agile or iterative SDLC
SVN configuration management
Excellent “soft skills,” including clear and direct verbal and written communication skills
Healthcare Industry Knowledge
Problem Solving including ability to see, and pivot between, multiple paths to the same goal
Strategic Thinking and Planning
Time Management
Persuasiveness
Creative thinking and curiosity around improving systems
Level-headedness
High learning agility and an unusually high tolerance for ambiguity
Well organized multitasker – Experience managing multiple competing tasks
managing multiple competing projects
We are Dynamic Range Labs, a group of creative developers looking for another hardworking and imaginative team member to join our growing team.
As a part of our team, you’ll support our clients in the electronics industry using modern design practices and emerging technologies. You will get the chance to help shape our company as we expand our core capabilities and services.
For this role we are seeking someone to join one of our eCommerce focused teams as we build out new features and functionality for our clients.
Responsibilities

Maintain reproducibility of infrastructure for multiple environments by provisioning infrastructure using infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform.
Build and maintain reusable infrastructure modules using Terraform and Terragrunt.
Enable team to deliver continuously by extending and creating CI/CD pipelines.
Manage the instrumentation of services to facilitate monitoring and alerting for incident response and capacity planning.
Maximize availability through proactive monitoring and automated deployment gates that verify an application’s readiness before promoting it to production.
Troubleshoot performance issues and broken deployments.
Manage the configuration of all services and environments used by the team.
Assist the team in architecting scalable and secure solutions.
Maintain technical documentation for infrastructure.
Ensure on call team members are adequately supported with runbooks for alerts and scenarios they may encounter.
Proactively eliminate toilsome tasks through automation.
Provide insights into system performance and behavior by building dashboards in Kibana and Grafana.

Benefits

Medical, dental and vision
Life Insurance
LTD
401K match
Paid Time Off and paid holidays
Flexible/hybrid schedule
EAP

Requirements
Required Experience

3+ years of DevOps experience.
Professional experience provisioning and maintaining Kubernetes clusters using one of the major cloud provider’s managed Kubernetes platform (Azure AKS, AWS EKS, GKE).
Professional experience provisioning cloud resources with Terraform.
Demonstrated ability to write automation scripts.
Knowledge of networking concepts such as virtual networks, subnets, and DNS.
Strong Linux system administration skills.

Desired Experience

Experience with Terragrunt.
Experience provisioning Kubernetes resources (deployments, secrets, etc) using the Kubernetes provider for Terraform.
Experience with database technologies such as ElasticSearch, Redis, and MongoDB.
Backend development experience with Node.js or Golang.
Experience with TypeScript.
Experience with monitoring technologies such as Prometheus, APM, and ElasticSearch.
Track record of performing successfully in a distributed team environment.
Professional experience supporting a multi-tenant SaaS platform.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $112,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote



Company Description: 

Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specialises in the delivery of unique, personalised customer experiences across platforms and devices. We call it ‘people-based’ marketing, and with over 25 years’ experience, we are proud to be recognised as a Global leader.
 Merkle’s heritage in data, technology and analytics is the foundation for our understanding of consumer insights that drives our people-based marketing strategies. With our expertise, we can offer our clients content-driven, contextual and compelling customer journeys and experiences that drive business growth.
 With our Head Office in Columbia, Maryland and offices US wide, we continue to grow at a rapid rate across Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network, one of the world’s biggest Global media companies.
 Diversity is embedded in who we are and all that we do: our mindset, our solutions, and in our teams to empower an inclusive, equitable environment. We put our people at the center, creating space for growth, understanding and learning so they can thrive. Our differences make us richer and enable stronger relationships with each other and foster greater impact for our clients. We engage with our communities to drive positive social impact by fostering equity and working to create a digital society that works for all.



Job Description: 

Due to growth of our client base we have an exciting new opportunity for an individual with a keen interest in HTML to join us as a Junior Email Developer. We are a Digital Marketing agency; in this role, you will learn and become responsible for execution of our clients’ email marketing campaigns using a variety of leading industry tools, in particular IBM Silverpop.
 The Digital team are big advocates of animated gifs and will help ensure that you are taught how to create these using Adobe Photoshop as well as creating online surveys and landing pages.
 The role will give you the opportunity to work across a range of large client accounts and campaign types. The suitable candidate will either have recently completed a relevant degree with experience using HTML, or have some base level work experience using HTML looking for a next move.

 You will be trained by email experts and will learn to create mobile optimized emails from scratch so digital will be your passion!
 There will be regular time for innovation – the team share concepts and ideas and put them to practice to ensure they are the fore front of email innovation
 Conferences such as the Litmus Conference are attended by members of the team
 External and internal training will be offered in the area’s you wish to develop




Qualifications: 


Working knowledge of HTML either through a recent degree or work experience; this is a junior/trainee role in the team so we seek a basic knowledge and keen interest in developing HTML skills
 Proven ability to learn new skills quickly
 Ability to demonstrate drive, proactivity and reliability
 Strong attention to detail: ensuring work is produced to the highest standard and error free




Additional Information: 

For individuals assigned to and/or hired in Colorado, the anticipated salary range for this position is $50,000 - $60,000, which is based on a wide range of factors that include relevant experience, knowledge, skills and other job-related qualifications. Pay ranges in locations other than Colorado may differ based on labor market wage rates in those locations. A range of medical, dental, vision, 401(k) matching, paid time off, and/or other benefits also are available. For more information regarding dentsu benefits, please visit https://dentsubenefitsplus.com/
 Employees from diverse or underrepresented backgrounds encouraged to apply. Dentsu (the "Company") is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and will not discriminate against an applicant or employee of the Company, on the basis of age, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, creed, religion, ethnicity, national origin, alienage or citizenship, disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other legally-recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws, regulations or ordinances. Applicants with disabilities may be entitled to reasonable accommodation under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act and/or certain state or local laws. A reasonable accommodation is a change in the way things are normally done that will ensure an equal employment opportunity without imposing an undue hardship on the Company. Please contact recruiting@dentsuaegis.com if you need assistance completing any forms or to otherwise participate in the application process or to request or discuss an accommodation in connection with a job at the Company to which you are applying.






More Information:
Our Culture: Merkle’s energy and personality lives through everything we say and do. Learn all about what defines our people and our vibe.
Students & Recent Graduates: Start your career at Merkle and get on the path to success.
Experienced Hires: Leverage your expertise, challenge the status quo and grow your career at Merkle.

Software Engineer, ClubLabs - 100% Remote
ClubLabs is the digital acceleration team for Automobile Club of Southern California, also known as, AAA. We are the team responsible for building intuitive customer experiences across the organizations insurance, membership, financial, emergency roadside, and travel services. We’re a team of engineers, designers, researchers and product managers within AAA delivering maximum value to our members and business for a smarter future.

The product development team is a key part of ClubLabs. We are responsible for delivering prioritized stories that look to maximize value for our members and our business through our digital products. We pair program, all day, every day because we know it delivers remarkable results. We practice test driven development because it produces high-quality, reliable and more maintainable code. We deliver user value, solve problems and ship code multiple times a day to improve our members’ experience and maximize value to the organization.

Responsibilities
Communicate regularly and write clean code. Review, analyze and resolve application issues as needed.
Evaluates strategies and makes recommendations on changes and improvements.
Collaborate with team members on the design and implementation of new functionalities on the different platforms.
Consult with other team members and implements solutions in-line with the departments’ visions.
Continuously learn and keep up to date with emerging technologies to evaluate impact to business and member value.
Participate and provide feedback during planning meetings (i.e., pre-iteration, iteration, and retrospectives).
Perform all other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
2+ years of professional experience in C#, Java, and or Node, development.
Demonstrated experience in one or more modern JS Frameworks (e.g. React)
Experience building scalable, optimal performance web applications.
Good understanding of both front-end and server side components.
Experience building and consuming RESTful services.
Knowledge on how to implement and manage the APIs (Web Services) versioning.
Experience in TDD and or BDD environments.
Experience mentoring junior members.
Strong communication skills and interest in a pair programming environment.
Strong team member who inspires, innovates, and delivers results to add values and make a difference.
User-centric /customer-centric focused, embrace Agile XP practice, and possess a learning mindset.
Experience working closely with QA and business teams to communicate problem impacts and to understand business requirements.
Constant monitoring and learning of new technologies and the market landscape.
Four year college degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education and work.
#LI-DI
Remarkable benefits:
Health coverage for medical, dental, vision401(K) saving plan with company match AND PensionTuition assistancePTO for community volunteer programsWellness programEmployee discounts
The Automobile Club of Southern California is part of the largest federation of AAA clubs in the nation. We have 14,000 employees in 21 states helping 17 million members. The strength of our organization is our employees. Bringing together and supporting different cultures, backgrounds, personalities, and strengths creates a team capable of delivering legendary, lifetime service to our members. When we embrace our diversity – we win. All of Us! With our national brand recognition, long-standing reputation since 1902, and constantly growing membership, we are seeking career-minded, service-driven professionals to join our team.
“Through dedicated employees we proudly deliver legendary service and beneficial products that provide members peace of mind and value.”
AAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer
The Automobile Club of Southern California will consider for employment all qualified applicants, including those with criminal histories, in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable federal, state and local laws, including the City of Los Angeles’ Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.


Position Purpose:
 The Software Engineer II is responsible for independently developing and assisting in the design of a product that our customers and associates love. As a Software Engineer II, you will be part of a dynamic team with engineers of all experience levels who help each other build and grow technical and leadership skills while creating, deploying, and supporting production applications. In addition, Software Engineer IIs may be involved in configuration, security, resilience, performance tuning and production monitoring.
   

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
 60% Delivery and Execution - Collaborates and pairs with other product team members (UX, engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions; Documents, reviews and ensures that all quality and change control standards are met; Works with Product Team to ensure user stories that are developer-ready, easy to understand, and testable; Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure, monitoring services, and test cases; Writes custom code or scripts to do destructive testing to ensure adequate resiliency in production; Program configuration/modification and setup activities on large projects using HD approved methodology; Configures commercial off the shelf solutions to align with evolving business needs Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively
   
 20% Learning - Actively seeks ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels; Learns through successful and failed experiment when tackling new problems
   
 20% Plans and Aligns - Collaborates with other team members in agile processes; Assists in creating new and better ways for the team to be successful; Relates openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people; Builds partnerships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives
   

Nature and Scope:
 This position typically repots to Software Engineer Manager or Sr. Manager
    This position has 0 Direct Reports
   
 For Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City residents: The pay range for this position is between $50k and $170k. Starting salary may vary based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the position being offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. The Home Depot offers additional competitive financial and non-financial benefits, which may include a performance-based bonus program or a profit sharing program depending on position.
   

Environment:
 1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
   
Travel:
 No travel required.
   


 Standard Minimum Qualifications:
 Must be eighteen years of age or older.
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
   

Education Required:
 The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
   

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
 2 years
   

Physical Requirements:
 Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
   

Preferred Qualifications:


1-3 years of relevant work experience
Experience in writing SQL queries against a relational database
Experience in version control systems
Experience in front end technology such as HTML, CSS, and Javascript/Typescript frameworks
Experience in an object-oriented programming language (preferably Java)
Experience in source code version control
Experience in Relational or noSQL database technology
Experience in cloud computing techniques
Experience in CI/CD tools
Experience in microservice-based architecture
Experience with modern debugging and root cause analysis techniques
Exposure to security frameworks for user and services authorization and authentication
Exposure to creating and executing unit, functional, destructive and performance tests


 Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:


Global Perspective
Manages Ambiguity
Nimble Learning
Self-Development
Collaborates
Cultivates Innovation
Situational Adaptability
Communicates Effectively
Drives Results
Interpersonal Savvy






   Your Future Evolves Here
  



     Evolent Health has a bold mission to change the health of the nation by changing the way health care is delivered. Evolenteers make a difference wherever they are, whether it is at a medical center, in the office, or while working from home across 48 states. We empower you to work from where you work best, which makes juggling careers, families, and social lives so much easier. Through our recognition programs, we also highlight employees who live our values, give back to our communities each year, and are champions for bringing their whole selves to work each day. If you’re looking for a place where your work can be personally and professionally rewarding, don’t just join a company with a mission. Join a mission with a company behind it.
   


     Why We’re Worth the Application:
   

 We continue to grow year over year.
 Recognized as a leader in driving important 
     
      diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I) efforts
     .
 Achieved a 100% score two years in a row on the 
     
      Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index
      making us a best place to work for LGBTQ+ equality.
 Named to Parity.org’s 
     
      2020 list of the best companies for women to advance
     .
 Continued to prioritize the employee experience and achieved an 87% overall engagement score on our last employee survey.
 Published an annual 
     
      DE&I report
      to share our progress on how we’re building an equitable workplace.



     What You’ll Be Doing:
   



    Software Engineer
  


    Who You’ll Be Working With:
  


    Evolent Health presents a unique opportunity for engineers eager to design and build an entire platform from the ground up, utilizing the latest, cutting-edge SPA technology. Evolent's technology team has doubled in size over the last year and offers tremendous opportunities for growth building a web platform that will power the next generation of health care software.
  


    What You'll Be Doing:
  


    Build performant, scalable and secure Web Applications.
  

    Participate in the full software development lifecycle with requirements, solution design, development, QA implementation, and product support using Scrum and other Agile methodologies.
  

    Collaborate with team and business owners in the design and analysis phases as part of self-organizing Feature teams
  

    Maintain source-code repositories, participate in technical code reviews and design efforts.
  

    Participate in deployment of code into production
  

    Implement Web UI design and assist in the testing and user acceptance of Web applications
  


    The Experience You Need (Required):
  


    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field, or equivalent industry experience
  

    3-5 years of experience developing using Java J2EE, JBoss 7, Hibernate, and building Internet facing Web Applications with RESTful Services.
  

    Experience building scalable and performant web applications using modern SPA frameworks and responsive design
  

    Strong understanding of JavaScript’s fundamentals and inner workings.
  

    Knowledge of HTML, CSS and CSS preprocessors.
  

    Experience with Databases such as SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Mongo DB etc.
  

    Experience with Unit Testing frameworks such as JUnit, Jasmine, Mocha, etc.
  

    Experience with Continuous Integration, Automated Unit testing, End to end Services testing and related tools and technologies.
  

    Experience building for distributed, scalable, and highly available/fault tolerant architecture
  

    Experience with Automated packaging, deployments, continuous delivery.
  

    Experience using CVS & GitHub or other Git based source control systems.
  

    Experience in an Agile/Scrum environment.
  


    Finishing Touches (Preferred);
  


    Healthcare IT experience.
  

    Experience with .NET, ASP.NET and related ecosystem.
  

    Experience with NoSQL Databases such as MongoDB, Elastic, etc.
  

    Familiarity, designing and building for OWASP Top 10 and other security guidance for Web Applications.
  

    Experience with SSO implementations
  

    Experience working with Offshore teams
  

    Technical Requirements:
  


    Currently, Evolent employees work remotely temporarily due to COVID-19. As such, we require that all employees have the following technical capability at their home: High speed internet over 10 Mbps and, specifically for all call center employees, the ability to plug in directly to the home internet router. These at-home technical requirements are subject to change with any scheduled re-opening of our office locations.
  


    Evolent Health is committed to the safety and wellbeing of all its employees, partners and patients and complies with all applicable local, state, and federal law regarding COVID health and vaccination requirements. Evolent expects all employees to also comply. We currently require all employees who may voluntarily return to our Evolent offices to be vaccinated and invite all employees regardless of vaccination status to remain working from home. Certain jobs require face-to-face interaction with our providers and patients in client facilities or homes. Employees working in such roles will be required to meet our vaccine requirements without exception or exemption.
  


    Evolent Health is an equal opportunity employer and considers all qualified applicants equally without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran status, or disability status.
  
 Compensation Range: The minimum salary for this position is $110000, plus benefits. Salaries are determined by the skill set required for the position and commensurate with experience and may vary above and below the stated amounts.
 

Software Engineer - Remote
We are seeking qualified and motivated individuals to fill 5 permanent full-time positions. These roles can be fully remote, hybrid, or based in office. Home locations can include: UK, Netherlands, USA, or Canada.
Our offices are based in Shepshed, Leicestershire, UK; DeBilt, Utrecht, Netherlands; Logan Utah, USA; and Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
We Are Campbell Scientific
We work to make a difference and help those working to advance science and technology for the benefit of humankind. Through our advanced measurement systems, our goal is to provide key insights to people using science and technology to solve massive global challenges including severe weather, climate change, limited natural resources, sustainable food production, energy production and distribution, and infrastructure safety.
Research and Development helps to grow and foster innovation within our organization. These innovations lead to smarter applications, faster processing, better information distribution, improved data storage, and the ability to provide our clients with improved insights using the data we collect. Our Software Engineering team continually drives innovation both inside and outside of our organization.
Campbell Scientific is currently looking to fill multiple Software Engineer positions supporting the continued development of our core open cloud platform, associated software suite and large scale enterprise projects in several of our global regions.
What You’ll Work On
You will work on delivering robust and reliable software applications on our unified platform and ecosystem within your designated portfolio, while also supporting the wider team when required. Specifically, your first assignment will be the extension of our software platform to solve real world problems in collaboration with one of the Europe’s premier national meteorological services. You will be involved in the implementation of the features and will be asked to actively contribute to our technical design process.
Key responsibilities of this role are:

Maintenance of a skillset that supports the development stack within your portfolio, and establishing an understanding of platforms outside of your portfolio
Being a proponent and champion for the Agile Scrum process
Collaborating in partnership directly with our clients
Coordinating with other functions including Test and Compliance, Platform Management, Product Management and Client Services
Become a subject matter expert (SME) for the software applications you work on, maintaining a current, relevant technical knowledge accordingly.
Maintain a clear understanding of the wider software application suite and underlying platforms beyond your home portfolio.
Ensuring the implementation of security standards and regulatory compliances are current and defensible.
Maintain an effective knowledge of the real-world applications of the software you make.

What We’re Looking For
Education and Experience:

Related Bachelor’s Degree (Computer Science, Engineering, Business etc.)
Minimum of 2 years of experience in software development

Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Significant experience with the following:
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
VueJS
Containers, including K8S, including exposure to EKS or AKS
An ability to write clean, understandable code that follows best practices
Working with technical documentation

NOTE: For the position in the Netherlands, we require proficiency in spoken and written Dutch.
While not required, experience or familiarity with any of the following is an asset:

OpenAPI and Swagger Documentation
Postgres and similar relational database systems
Unit testing frameworks such as Mocha or Cypress
NodeJS
GitOps development and exposure to GitLab
CI or CD processes
AWS (Amazon Web Services) and Microsoft Azure (IaC, IaaS and PaaS)
VSCode or Visual Studio

Our successful candidates will be aligned with our ARCTIC Values (Accountability, Respect, Client-centric, Teamwork, Innovation and Continuous Improvement).
What’s in it For You?

A great work culture where we work hard, and place importance on building great relationships with our peers and having fun.
Challenging and engaging work that makes a difference on a global scale.
Industry competitive salaries.
Excellent benefits beginning on your first day with us.
Personal time off to ensure a balance between work and life.

The successful candidate must be able to show a valid vaccination passport when traveling through Europe and to/from the United States and Canada.
Campbell Scientific, Inc. is an AFFIRMATIVE ACTION/Equal Opportunity Employer.
The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this job function. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all duties, and indeed additional responsibilities may be assigned by Campbell Scientific.
To learn more about what we do, please visit us at: https://www.campbellsci.com, https://www.campbellsci.co.uk/, https://www.campbellsci.ca/
Job Type: Full-time


Software Engineer
 Remote
 About TimeDoc Health:
 Founded in 2015, TimeDoc Health is a leader in virtual Chronic Care Management (CCM) for healthcare providers - one of the largest new markets in healthcare. We enable providers to deliver truly continuous, comprehensive care by helping them establish care management programs for patients with chronic and behavioral health conditions. Our solution combines a care management SaaS platform, remote patient monitoring devices, and digital care management services to provide the personal touch often missing in healthcare. We have scaled our platform to over 50,000 enrolled patients and have set a goal to reach one million patients by the end of 2025. Are you ready to have a huge impact on thousands of patients' lives? Apply now to get started! #BecomingATimeDoctor
 Responsibilities

 Design, build, and maintain testable user interface components using React concepts
 Know code works because all the tests pass, including the new ones just written
 Work with others, developers and product/business, to develop complete software
 Develop and connect with internal and 3rd party APIs and Microservices
 Participate in architecture and design sessions
 Learn how to build continuous deployment pipelines, creates infrastructure thru code, push button deploys

 What we're looking for

 Experience / Knowledge of ReactJS/Node/Angular/or similar frameworks
 Ability to learn. Not afraid to ask good questions
 Experience / Knowledge of APIs / Microservice architectures
 Cares about the customer experience
 BS and/or MS degree in Computer Science or related experience

 What success looks like

 Making an amazing experience for our customers (internal and external)
 Delivering high quality code while contributing to the knowledge base



Minimum Qualifications: 

Five years of experience working with CSS
One year experience in Power BI reporting
Three years of experience using the Tridion web development platform

Desired Skills: 

Experience directly interacting with Project Sponsors, Stakeholders, Subject Matter Experts and Development Team Members
A solid understanding of how people go through a change and the change process
2 years of web design skills
Experience and knowledge of change management principles, methodologies, and tools
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal
3 years web/mobile testing skills, including writing test plans and test cases
2 years of accessibility testing assessment, remediation, and updates
Excellent active listening skills
Ability to clearly articulate messages to a variety of audiences
Problem solving and root cause identification skills
Able to work effectively at all levels in an organization
Must be a team player and able to work collaboratively with and through others
Familiarity with project management approaches, tools, and phases of the project lifecycle
Experience with large-scale organizational change efforts
Change management certification or designation desired

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $16.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

CSS: 5 years (Preferred)
SDL: 3 years (Preferred)
Tridion Web Development: 3 years (Preferred)
Power BI: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm) 
As one of the fastest growing businesses within Optum, with more than 11 million consumers and providers currently under our umbrella, Optum Financial Technology is dedicated to improving both the health and productivity of those we serve. 
One out of seven adults in the U.S. uses an Optum Financial product, not to mention we’re the largest Health Saving Accounts (HSA) provider and the 35th largest mover of money in the U.S. Our wide impact gives us a real opportunity to create financial technology that transforms healthcare for both consumers and providers alike. 
So, what is it that makes us so unique? Well for starters, Optum Financial Technology is dedicated to helping people with not only their healthcare, but also their financial wellbeing. Our teams are fixated on transforming the experience for consumers and changing the way that people pay for healthcare. Here, innovation isn't just about creating new gadgets, it's about making healthcare financial data available wherever and whenever people need it - safely and reliably. We help members manage their own health in a more efficient, more affordable way and give our providers the flexibility they need to support their patients. #OFinTech 
Software engineering is the application of engineering to the design, development, implementation, testing and maintenance of software in a systematic method. The roles in this function will cover all primary development activity across all technology functions that ensure we deliver code with high quality for our applications, products and services and to understand customer needs and to develop product roadmaps. 
These roles include, but are not limited to analysis, design, coding, engineering, testing, debugging, standards, methods, tools analysis, documentation, research and development, maintenance, new development, operations and delivery. With every role in the company, each position has a requirement for building quality into every output. This also includes evaluating new tools, new techniques, strategies; Automation of common tasks; build of common utilities to drive organizational efficiency with a passion around technology and solutions and influence of thought and leadership on future capabilities and opportunities to apply technology in new and innovative ways. 
You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within United States as you take on some tough challenges. 
Primary Responsibilities: 

Demonstrate mobile development with React Native, iOS and Android experience 
JavaScript and TypeScript development 
Node Js 
Redux, Redux-Saga for state management 
Maintain architectural diagram designs and documentation 
Develop custom tools and automation through programming and scripting 
Recommend enhancements and modifications to improve enterprise system performance, efficiency, and reliability 
Help to keep systems and information secure at all times, complying with the latest security standards (HIPAA) 
Audit, troubleshoot and resolve system availability and integrity issues 
Analyzes and investigates 
Provides explanations and interpretations within area of expertise 

What are the reasons to consider working for UnitedHealth Group? Put it all together - competitive base pay, a full and comprehensive benefit program, performance rewards, and a management team who demonstrates their commitment to your success. Some of our offerings include: 

Paid Time Off which you start to accrue with your first pay period plus 8 Paid Holidays 
Medical Plan options along with participation in a Health Spending Account or a Health Saving account 
Dental, Vision, Life& AD&D Insurance along with Short-term disability and Long-Term Disability coverage 
401(k) Savings Plan, Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
Education Reimbursement 
Employee Discounts 
Employee Assistance Program 
Employee Referral Bonus Program 
Voluntary Benefits (pet insurance, legal insurance, LTC Insurance, etc.) 
More information can be downloaded at: http://uhg.hr/uhgbenefits 

You’ll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in. 
Required Qualifications: 

Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience 
1+ years of React Native experience 
1+ years of JavaScript and TypeScript development experience 

Preferred Qualification: 

Redux, Redux-Saga for state management 

To protect the health and safety of our workforce, patients and communities we serve, UnitedHealth Group and its affiliate companies require all employees to disclose COVID-19 vaccination status prior to beginning employment. In addition, some roles and locations require full COVID-19 vaccination, including boosters, as an essential job function. UnitedHealth Group adheres to all federal, state and local COVID-19 vaccination regulations as well as all client COVID-19 vaccination requirements and will obtain the necessary information from candidates prior to employment to ensure compliance. Candidates must be able to perform all essential job functions with or without reasonable accommodation. Failure to meet the vaccination requirement may result in rescission of an employment offer or termination of employment. 

Technology Careers with Optum. Information and technology have amazing power to transform the health care industry and improve people's lives. This is where it's happening. This is where you'll help solve the problems that have never been solved. We're freeing information so it can be used safely and securely wherever it's needed. We're creating the very best ideas that can most easily be put into action to help our clients improve the quality of care and lower costs for millions. This is where the best and the brightest work together to make positive change a reality. This is the place to do your life's best work.(sm) 
Colorado, Connecticut or Nevada Residents Only: The salary range for Colorado residents is $66,100 to $118,300. The salary range for Connecticut / Nevada residents is $72,800 to $129,900. Pay is based on several factors including but not limited to education, work experience, certifications, etc. In addition to your salary, UnitedHealth Group offers benefits such as, a comprehensive benefits package, incentive and recognition programs, equity stock purchase and 401k contribution (all benefits are subject to eligibility requirements). No matter where or when you begin a career with UnitedHealth Group, you’ll find a far-reaching choice of benefits and incentives. 
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.




Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

  What we're looking for:
 You are a passionate front-end developer with 3+ years of experience working with various frameworks and technologies. You are curious about learning new development and thrive in a self-starter environment. You enjoy working in cross-functional teams (front-end, testers, designers, and stakeholders) to build amazing web experiences.

 Position Overview:

 The Web Developer will be a key member of the Citrix IT team supporting Marketing's key technologies and platforms. You will rely on your experience as a client-side developer to create customer-facing personalized experiences both on the web and in Citrix products. Web Developers will work hand-in-hand with internal partners and technologists to understand business problems and develop solutions that support the Citrix story. Your development background includes secure modern client-side web development (CSS, JS, and HTML), including modern frameworks (vuejs preferred) package management and build tools (npm, yarn, etc), testing frameworks (jest, mocha, etc), and automated CI/CD pipelines(Bamboo, Jenkins). You will work across various tools and platforms; each may require you to adapt your development approach and acquire new domain expertise.

 Role Responsibilities:

 Applies experience in the application of software development methodologies to complete assignments to required standards of quality and timeliness, while expanding experience and knowledge in areas of assignments; participates in writing software requirements and design specifications for assigned projects; chips in to project approach, methodology selection, project planning, reviewing the work products of others, and status reporting; plans and conducts tasks to implement design requirements to produce high quality software; works in multiple sub‐disciplines of software and systems engineering (these sub‐disciplines include: requirement development, product design, software estimation, software design, software construction (coding), software test, software performance measurement, software product information creation and software maintenance)
Conducts smaller development projects independently; performs specific portions of broader projects led by supervisor; solicits input and expertise as vital from higher level engineers to carry out assignments correctly
Establishes and maintains detailed and accurate documentation of all work; communicates technical issues within scope of assignments; assists with technical specification documentation and review
Implements, unit tests, debug and integrates code of moderate complexity; writes and conducts tests to verify the functionality, accuracy, and efficiency of developed or enhanced software
Chips in to work practice improvement through participation in post project evaluations, and maintains continuous quality improvement in meeting internal and external customer requirements
Coordinates own development activities on routine work and cooperates with other programmers and scrum team members on technical aspects related to the project
Works with other engineering teams on technical matters and may work with vendors or customers on technical information, handling customer concern issues, or modifications related to projects
Stays ahead of technical trends, develops knowledge and skills and incorporates them within assignments as appropriate; recommends improvements and changes in designs and gives professional appraisal on phases of the design in which the individual is particularly trained or experienced


 Basic Qualifications:

 Requires a University Degree or equivalent experience and 2-3 years of relevant experience.
Requires broad theoretical job knowledge obtained through advanced education.
3-5 years of Development experience.
Strong interpersonal/communication skills
Adaptable/quick learner/coachable
Self-motivated, able to work without a ton of direct supervision


  Functional Area:  Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.
 At Citrix, our employees perform extraordinary acts of creativity and service every day. We provide benefits and rewards that meet the diverse needs of our employees by offering competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and equitable rewards opportunities for all employees. In the state of Colorado, the salary for this role generally ranges from $100,560 -$125,700 but may vary depending on your qualifications including job-related education, training, experience, licensure, and certification, that could result at a level outside of this range. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including annual bonus, sales incentives, and/or stock depending on the terms of the applicable plan and role as well as individual performance. Benefits may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Citrix and the country where you work. U.S. based employees are typically offered access to healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, 401(k) plan and company match, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), and education assistance program, among others.
   Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.



  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The Indexing team works on Etsy’s infrastructure for information retrieval, powering the foundational layers of search for our marketplace. We work closely with product teams and platform site reliability engineers to deliver a robust and scalable search system to serve our 100+ million listings to our buyers.
 The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture that includes the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and keeping up a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraft.com/
 This role is (eventually) located in one of our Brooklyn or San Francisco offices, or remote within the US & Canada. Etsy offers three different work modes to meet the variety of needs and preferences of our team: Flex mode for candidates who are comfortable traveling to an office location at least 4-6 days per month, Remote mode, and Office-based mode. Learn more about our flexible work modes and vaccination policy here.
 About the Role
 You will do well in this role if you:

 Have experience working in information retrieval technologies, ingest pipelines, and indexing/serving layers
 Have experience with candidate set generation and filtering using a variety of techniques for high level ranking
 Interested in building systems on Rust as we iterate on the next generation of our search engines
 Are a strong communicator and enjoy collaboration with members of the team

 For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.



  Qualifications
   About You

 Experience with Information Retrieval technologies like inverted indexes, ANN.
 Experience with distributed systems.
 Experience with Java and/or Rust.
 Interest in developing distributed systems in Java and Rust.
 You have proven engineering and coding skills, data structure knowledge and ability to write high performance production quality code.
 You have experience working with functional programming languages and Scala
 You are a strong collaborator and communicator and you make the engineers around you grow and learn.

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.

We seek self-starting and curious individuals to join our team. The prospective DevOps must feel very comfortable learning new technical skills and relevant areas quickly. These engineers will have a lot of autonomy and ability to innovate in their role. On our team, things work at a very fast pace! You should welcome that type of environment and feel comfortable with emerging new ideas and projects.
Must have:
Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university, Masters degree is preferred
Hands on experiences with Linux
Strong command line familiarity (principles, navigation, file editing/manipulation, etc)
Understand file systems layout
Users and file access management
Software installation and upgrade (manual and with package management tools like yum/rpm and apt/deb)
General knowledge of network protocols
Detecting and troubleshooting software and hardware issues
Monitoring the performance of the system
Practical experiences with Bash
Able to communicate (read/write/speak) in English in order to support US teams
Able to interact with fellow employees and some time working odd hours as needed.
Highly motivated, driven, can work independently, and with good work ethics.
A Successful Candidate in this Role Will be:
Performing regular maintenance of ARW’s cloud servers on the frontend and backend
Interacting with ARW users to resolve issues faced at the server level
Configuring ARW servers according to application requirements
Monitoring ARW servers and network devices
Documenting procedures for implementations and maintenance
Managing ARW peripherals, preparing laptops for ARW employees, and providing IT support to ARW employees
Maintaining ARW networks
Working Knowledge (Good to have):
Practical experiences in one of the interpretive languages (e.g., python, ruby, perl, etc)
Understand concept of cloud and virtualization environments
Practical experiences with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Practical experiences with configuration management; e.g., puppet, chef, etc
Practical experiences with DBMS (e.g., mysql, postgresql, etc) and use of respective client tools
Working knowledge on Windows Desktops (to resolve Eclipse/Sqlyog etc issues)Donnelley Financial Solutions (DFIN) is a leader in risk and compliance solutions, providing insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights to clients across the globe. We’re here to help you make smarter decisions with insightful technology, industry expertise and data insights at every stage of your business and investment lifecycles. As markets fluctuate, regulations evolve and technology advances, we’re there. And through it all, we deliver confidence with the right solutions in moments that matter.

Summary:
We are looking for technical team members at all levels who want to push themselves to deliver best in market SaaS solutions. We offer a challenging environment where you will have to grow, adapt and use your skills consistently. Our customers rely on us in the moments that matter. Engineering delivers on that promise.

You can read the bullets below. But they almost always look the same, right? Here is the deal – being a senior engineer here at DFIN means helping us deliver SaaS software solutions for our customers that primarily work with the SEC or other global regulating bodies. Our products are in demand because we solve regulatory problems for our customers. As a senior engineer, you’ll contribute to projects end to end, write code that less senior engineers can emulate, understand how we operate our systems and help make sure our technology grows and doesn’t become a big pile of tech debt.

Responsibilities:
Be a key contributor to our development practice: design, full-stack development and testing.
Write concise, clear, well-tested and well-documented code with quality that adheres to industry best practices.
Optimize code for quality, performance, scalability, efficiencies and security; through testing, code scanning, refactoring and monitoring.
Analyze, design and build solutions that solve the problems we have, not the problems that we think we may have one day.
Build software with people. Product managers, other developers, SRE, junior engineers, senior engineers, offshore. Construct software that matters.
Understands that systems are to be operated and monitoring and metrics are important.
Engineer for simplicity, reliability, manageability, scalability, extensibility, reusability and performance.
Makes sure to constantly address technical debt. Shine a light on it, even when it hurts.
Qualifications:
Be committed to your development, the products you work on and the firm.
Expert in user interface development using TypeScript / React JS
At least 1 year of experience developing with React JS or Angular, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and front-end languages.
Experience with user interface design.
Experience developing RESTFul Web Services
Experience in one of the following: Java, .NET, C# or another Object-Oriented language
Strong CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, performance characteristics, test automation)
Optional, Azure, AKS, Docker, Kubernetes
Experience developing secure code meeting security standards and willing to participate in financial systems security practices.
BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.

It is the policy of Donnelley Financial Solutions to select, place and manage all its employees without discrimination based on race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, actual or perceived disability, veteran's status, actual or perceived sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected status.
If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access jobs.dfinsolutions.com as a result of your disability. You can request a reasonable accommodation by sending an email to AccommodationRequests@dfinsolutions.com.
Job Summary
We're looking for an experienced full-time IBM i Cobol Developer with practical experience working with embedded SQL in COBOL and familiarity with SYNON development environment.
Prime candidates will also have;
- Experience with COBOL current versions on IBM i.
- Practical experiences with embedded SQL in COBOL.
- Experience with modernization topics and projects (code, UI and DB).
- Some experience with SYNON.
- Agricultural industry experience is a plus.
This is a remote, work-from-home position; however it may require client visits once or twice annually. The salary range for this position is $105,000 to $115,000.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $100,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Flexible schedule

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Must be vaccinated for onsite travel (once or twice annually)
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Description: 
   We are Dynamic Range Labs, a group of creative developers looking for another hardworking and imaginative team member to join our growing team.
 As a part of our team, you’ll support our clients in the electronics industry using modern design practices and emerging technologies. You will get the chance to help shape our company as we expand our core capabilities and services.
 For this role we are seeking someone to join one of our eCommerce focused teams as we build out new features and functionality for our clients.
 Responsibilities

 Maintain reproducibility of infrastructure for multiple environments by provisioning infrastructure using infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform.
 Build and maintain reusable infrastructure modules using Terraform and Terragrunt.
 Enable team to deliver continuously by extending and creating CI/CD pipelines.
 Manage the instrumentation of services to facilitate monitoring and alerting for incident response and capacity planning.
 Maximize availability through proactive monitoring and automated deployment gates that verify an application’s readiness before promoting it to production.
 Troubleshoot performance issues and broken deployments.
 Manage the configuration of all services and environments used by the team.
 Assist the team in architecting scalable and secure solutions.
 Maintain technical documentation for infrastructure.
 Ensure on call team members are adequately supported with runbooks for alerts and scenarios they may encounter.
 Proactively eliminate toilsome tasks through automation.
 Provide insights into system performance and behavior by building dashboards in Kibana and Grafana.

 Benefits

 Medical, dental and vision
 Life Insurance
 LTD
 401K match
 Paid Time Off and paid holidays
 Flexible/hybrid schedule
 EAP
 . Requirements: 
   Required Experience

 3+ years of DevOps experience.
 Professional experience provisioning and maintaining Kubernetes clusters using one of the major cloud provider’s managed Kubernetes platform (Azure AKS, AWS EKS, GKE).
 Professional experience provisioning cloud resources with Terraform.
 Demonstrated ability to write automation scripts.
 Knowledge of networking concepts such as virtual networks, subnets, and DNS.
 Strong Linux system administration skills.

 Desired Experience

 Experience with Terragrunt.
 Experience provisioning Kubernetes resources (deployments, secrets, etc) using the Kubernetes provider for Terraform.
 Experience with database technologies such as ElasticSearch, Redis, and MongoDB.
 Backend development experience with Node.js or Golang.
 Experience with TypeScript.
 Experience with monitoring technologies such as Prometheus, APM, and ElasticSearch.
 Track record of performing successfully in a distributed team environment.
 Professional experience supporting a multi-tenant SaaS platform.




Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related technical discipline (or equivalent experience).
 2+ years of professional front end development.
 Skilled with common front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JS, TypeScript, and Node
 Experience in one or more relevant front-end frameworks such as React, Angular, Vue, etc.
 A willingness to dive deep, experiment rapidly and get things done



  Job summary
   We are looking for a passionate Front-End Engineer (FEE) to join our team as we build new Alexa tools and services that encourage developers to explore the world of ambient intelligence. 
  
 The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics forecasts that job opportunities for computer science workers will grow 13% between 2020 and 2030. As part of our team, you will own the UI/UX experience and work with our engineers to help build innovative solutions that use Alexa to teach the principles of computer science through Alexa. You will encourage bold exploration of interactions and experiments that push innovation and use these learnings to bolster the foundation of best practice reference design patterns that foster a consistent, efficient, and familiar cross-product experience.
  
 Key job responsibilities
   As a member of tour team, your responsibilities will include:
  

 Designing and implementing critical components of UI and building new interfaces
 Integrating your work with existing architectures, developing and testing code
 Working with front-end and back-end team members, and product managers to manage the day-to-day development and engineering activities, participating in designs, design review, code review, and implementation
 Engaging and working with customers and dependencies to ensure the quality delivery
 Maintaining current technical knowledge to support rapidly changing technology, always on a look out for new technologies, and work with the team in bringing in new technologies





Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills.
 Experience building scalable front-end infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.
 Proficient in a broad range of software design approaches and common UX patterns. Knows when (and when not) to use front-end software design patterns
 Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment in driving operational excellence and best practices.
 Ability to articulate the benefits and challenges of depending on front-end libraries, frameworks, and tool-sets.
 Ability to decompose a problem into clear software and UX design actions.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 



   Delinea is the leading provider of privileged access management (PAM) solutions for seamless security. Backed by TPG Capital, Delinea was formed in April 2021 through the merger of established PAM leaders Centrify and Thycotic to create the most extensive platform in the identity security market. For small businesses and global enterprises alike, Delinea delivers the digital freedom that everyone deserves by seamlessly defining the boundaries of access.
  


    As organizations continue their digital transformations, they are faced with increasingly sophisticated environments and more challenging requirements for securing an expanded threatscape. Legacy PAM solutions are not designed for today’s hybrid environments, are too complex, and cannot solve current privilege management challenges. Our mission is to provide security that’s invisible to the user, while simultaneously providing IT and security teams with the control they require. Delinea’s solutions grant access to an organization’s most critical data, devices, code, and cloud infrastructure using a centralized dashboard. Users get access when and where they need it, for as long as needed to complete the task. With Delinea, privileged access is more accessible.
  


    Working as a Software Development Engineer in Test at Delinea means being a part of a highly capable, collaborative, and agile development team. Delinea is creating awesome software that's used by thousands of IT professionals all over the globe. This can be a remote/telecommute position based out of your home office. Reports to the Software Development Manager.
  

 Key Responsibilities:
   

Be a fully contributing member of a Delinea Sprint team
Work specifically on projects relating to remote management solutions that connect to our cloud-hosted applications, such as Secret Server Cloud
Design, code, and execute automation scripts, design automated regression suites
Participate in design and code reviews, defect resolution, and monitoring implementation
Review security scan reports to identify vulnerabilities within code



Take part in agile ceremonies to estimate and execute programming projects


 Skills and Requirements:
   

3+ years’ experience as an SDET with excellent eye for quality and test automation skills
Comfortable with C# and other programming languages used for automation
Familiar with automation frameworks for both web as well as thick client applications
Experience with both Windows and non-Windows platform development
Strong hands-on experience and technical expertise as an SDET
Strong communication skills with technical and non-technical peers
Strong problem solving, project management and organizational skills
Experience in scrum and agile methodologies



 Why Work at Delinea?
  


    We’re passionate problem-solvers doing our part to make the world a safer place. We invest in people who are smart, self-motivated, and collaborative. What we offer in return is meaningful work, a culture of innovation and great career progression! We take care of our employees. We offer competitive salaries and excellent benefits.
  


 Delinea offers competitive salaries and an excellent benefits package, including medical, dental, vision and life insurance. We also provide an Employee Assistance Program, paid holidays, discretionary time off, flexible spending account, 401k, and more.



 Delinea, Inc is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type with regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Upon conditional offer of employment, candidates are required to complete a criminal background check and drug screen per employment policy. In addition, all publicly posted social media sites may be reviewed.



    #LI-Remote
  

    #LI-KL1
  


    Why Work at Delinea?
  

    We’re passionate problem-solvers doing our part to make the world a safer place.
  

    We invest in people who are smart, self-motivated and collaborative.
  

    What we offer in return is meaningful work, a culture of innovation and great career progression!
  

    We take care of our employees. We offer competitive salaries and excellent benefits.
  


 Delinea offers competitive salaries and an excellent benefits package, including medical, dental, vision and life insurance. We also provide an Employee Assistance Program, paid holidays, discretionary time off, flexible spending account, 401k, and more.



 Delinea, Inc is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type with regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.



 Upon conditional offer of employment, candidates are required to complete a criminal background check and drug screen per employment policy. In addition, all publicly posted social media sites may be reviewed.




We are seeking Site Reliability Engineers/Software Engineers for Permanent, Full Time Employment for our direct client - FULLY REMOTE

To be considered for this role, you must have a strong software development foundation with 8+ years of experience writing code in Java, Python, Go or other programming language.
Ideal candidate will also have experience in Infrastructure, DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering.
**There will be a coding test as part of the interview process.

Requirements:

MUST HAVE experience in OOP or OOD
MUST HAVE Architecture experience/background
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
Minimum of 4+ years of professional Software Development/Engineering experience
Experience writing code in Java, Go, Shell, Perl, Node.js, Python, or a similar language
Experience in data structures, algorithms, and software design

Compensation:

Employment with a top corporation in their field that offers professional growth
$125K-$225K base salary
Quarterly Bonus Structure
$45K-$100K sign on bonus
Full Benefits
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)
Open Paid Time Off Policy

We are hiring ASAP! If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please reply with an updated resume for immediate consideration to bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com
 Bonnie Kutin Recruiter Comcentric Inc. bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com



About Us
 Prokeep is a software company that has developed a messaging platform for the $100+ billion wholesale distribution market (i.e. plumbing, electrical, HVAC, etc.). Our team is agile, nimble, and dedicated to making our customers' lives easier with simple-to-use technology. We envision a world where distributors using our tools are more efficient and able to build better relationships with their customers. We are post product, post revenue and growing fast in the US and Canada.
 Your Mission
 We are looking for an engineer who is excited to make significant contributions to our API and other backend systems. You will be primarily focused on systems and cloud engineering, but we are a small and highly collaborative team, so from time to time you may also take a diversion into improving our deployment process, working on our internal administration app, or prototyping new features. You don’t have to be an expert with all the tools in our stack, but an interest in working on projects at all levels of the stack will be helpful as we expand the breadth of our platform. You should have strong opinions about tools and architecture, but should also be able to articulate those opinions persuasively, not abrasively. You should also take pride in writing performant, logically structured, and readable code, but be pragmatic enough to realize that sometimes shipped code is better than perfect code.
 Qualifications

5+ years experience working as a backend developer.
 Experience with Elixir/Erlang required.
 Distributed Elixir is a big plus.
 Familiarity with devops and CI/CD (ideally, GitLab CI).
 GraphQL APIs a big plus.
 Ability to write performant SQL queries and tune as needed.
 Experience writing automated tests and following coding standards.
 Willingness to perform code reviews and refactor existing code.
 Experience working remotely in a geographically distributed team.
 Desire to collaborate with other developers and ability to communicate over various channels (email, phone, Slack, Google Hangouts, etc.)

Working Relationship & Compensation
 This is a full-time salaried position and is permanently remote. Prokeep offers outstanding health, vision, and dental benefits, life insurance, unlimited PTO, and equity in our fast growing company.



Nira is looking for Fullstack Tech/Team Leads with specific experience in React/Typescript/GraphQL to join our fast growing, 100% remote team. Ideally these roles are located somewhere in the Americas (GMT-3 through GMT-7) but we'll consider qualified candidates from all locations/timezones.
 As a key member of our engineering team, you’ll lead the development of many high impact initiatives. We’re looking for strong engineers who work well on a small team and are excited about the opportunity to have a direct impact on improving customer experience. As a tech/team lead, you are someone who can see projects through from beginning to end, coach others, and self-manage, requiring good organizational skills and attention to detail. You will be responsible for the overall development and integration of our user interface and API components of our customer-facing applications.
 If you are technically-skilled, creative, and collaborative, then this is the perfect position for you.
 What You’ll Do

 Take a technical leadership role in a squad of 2-5 engineers in scoping, estimating and planning of enhancements to Nira’s customer facing web apps, informed by product management.
 Use your strong frontend and full stack development experience to deliver and drive work on new features/functions and iterating/improving existing features/functions reflecting user feedback and customer priorities.
 Collaborate with engineering and product managers to design and deliver high quality functions and features in the Nira app to match customer requirements and expectations
 Ensure that implemented frontend and full stack functionality meets performance requirements in terms of code quality, standards adherence, user loads (throughput/latency), user productivity, lifecycle sustainability
 Help train and mentor frontend and fullstack developers as they grow in new technical knowledge and experience.

 What We're Looking For

 Bachelors degree or equivalent experience
 You’ve got 3 years of small group leadership and coordination experience in planning and delivery of technical projects
 You’ve got 8 years of full stack hands on engineering experience with: Apollo, GraphQL, NodeJS, MongoDB, Postgres, TypeScript, React
 You have high accountability and ownership of your work.
 You have a bias towards action. You love to move fast, are self motivated, and a life-long learner.
 You care about working on fast-growing products while iterating and sweating the details.
 You’re willing to do whatever it takes, even if this means working outside of your role (occasional out of hours to sync across timezones, frontend help backend, handle customer support, etc).
 You’re able to effectively balance speed/quality/tech debt and make engineering decisions that enable speed and quality results.
 You’re a product thinker who cares about the customer.

 Benefits and Perks

 Work From Anywhere - 100% remote/distributed team
 Flexible Work Schedule
 BYO Kit or Company Allowance
 Competitive Salary
 Unlimited PTO
 Medical and Dental (US only)

 Reference #27nng



Piper Companies is seeking a REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer for an innovative software organization. The REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer will join a growing team of passionate technical professionals utilizing bleeding-edge tech to build scalable cloud-centric applications. The ideal candidate has a solution-oriented mindset with a passion for building best-in-class applications to solve real-world problems.

 Responsibilities for the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer include:﻿

 Design, develop, test, implement, and maintain enterprise software solutions
 Partner with internal and external stakeholders to develop technically sound software that meets the ongoing and consistently changing needs of the client base
 Provide mentoring and share best practices with other engineers on the team and within the organization
 Work with a variety of tools and languages for full-stack development including such as:
    
 AWS and GWT Cloud Platforms, Node.JS, React, Python, Javascript, Typescript, Dynomo db, MySql


 Requirements for the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer include:

 At least 3 years of end to end application development experience leveraging Javascript, server-side utilizing Node.js 
Experience developing RESTful APIs
 Experience developing modern User Interfaces using frameworks such as React, Vue, Angular, etc. 
Up to date with new and emerging technology with a passion for continuous learning and improvement

 Compensation of the REMOTE Full Stack Software Engineer includes:

 $105,000 - $140,000 annually
 Full comprehensive employee benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, PTO)


 Keywords: Javascript Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Software Developer, Front End Developer, React, Node, Node.JS, NodeJS, API, serverless, microservices, Containers, AWS, GWT, Google, Javascript, Typescript, CoffeeScript, ExpressJS, Express.JS, MERN, MySql, Dynamo, RESTful Web Application Developer, Software Developer, Software Engineer, UI Engineer, REMOTE, Vue, Express, Typescript, NodeJS, ReactJS, AngularJS, VueJS, Full Stack, Fullstack, Full-Stack



3+ years actively working with HTML and CSS
Ability to write and edit HTML, CSS, and Javascript from scratch (using no frameworks - JQuery OK), including visual layout and style changes.
Experience with accessibility standards and assistive technologies
Knowledge of programming/development theory and best practices
Knowledge of JQuery and HTML templating tools (Pug, Handlebars, etc)
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent work experience.
 Job summary 
 Amazon Outbound teams owns the CRM that marketers worldwide leverage to send 100's of billions of emails and push notifications to customers. You will be re-designing the website to make it easy for marketers to create emails. 
 
 Key job responsibilities 
 Technical requirements include expertise in HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, and JSP, plus the ability to learn our in-house tools quickly. The successful candidate will be a strong developer who is detail-oriented, capable of handling multiple projects at once, able to take direction, and work well with multiple teams. The ideal candidate will be innovative, and have a strong interest in developing world-class UI solutions. 
 
 The ideal candidate will have the proven ability to plan and execute new features, templates, and experiments with minimal oversight, partnering with business and technical teams to achieve project goals. This person will liaise with tech teams and global category teams to execute on shared goals. He or she will help to drive feature launches and site improvements to completion by coordinating with project managers, developers, the marketing team, designers, and editors in similar roles across the business. 
 


Experience in similar environment
Knowledge of A/B testing methodologies, measurements and theory
Experience with Agile/Sprints development calendars
Portfolio of web content (GitHub preferred)
Work with marketing and engineering
Experience creating and maintaining an editorial calendar.
Superior oral and written communication skills with an innate attention to detail.
Ability to work on a diverse team or with a diverse range of coworkers.
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.




REMOTE - US 

ENGINEERING 

JR4437 

FULL TIME 


BUILDING THE POSSIBILITIES. 
As a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll be part of one of our multidisciplinary teams where you’ll work closely with designers, product managers, and data analysts. You’ll be a creative contributor to our processes and decision-making so when we build new features, we can ensure scalability and availability of the entire platform. Sounds good to you? Join us. 
WHAT YOU’LL DO AS A SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER, MOBILE: 

You will be developing new features, iterating on the current systems, and maintaining our high code quality. 
You will work with design and product managers to review UI/UX to make the best product for our users. 
You will collaborate with other engineers on your team to code review, functional test and release iOS and Android builds. 

WHAT YOU’LL BRING: 

Ideally, you have 3+ years of experience in mobile development, using one or more of: Xamarin/Xamarin.Forms (C#), Android (Java/Kotlin), iOS (mainly Swift, some Objective C) 
You have a strong knowledge of native operating system capabilities, app signing and deployment processes, and consumer app best practices. 
You have experience writing and maintaining a comprehensive suite of automated unit and integration tests. 
You have a solid understanding of how apps communicate with backend services. 
You have the ability and desire to grow other engineers through code reviews, design reviews, and over-the-shoulder debugging. 


WHO ARE WE A GOOD FIT FOR? 
We love working with talented people but more than that, we seek out compassionate co-workers with a collaborative spirit. Our work moves quickly and we’re great at coming together to find creative solutions to some of tech’s most interesting problems. If that sounds good to you, join us.
 WE ARE DRAFTKINGS.
 We’re inspired by our shared passion for developing creative solutions to complex challenges and empowering the people around us to do their best work. We are industry leaders in the digital entertainment and technology space propelled by constant curiosity and diverse perspectives.  Our teams are fueled by innovation. We are looking ahead, building what’s next, and continuously reinventing the industry. We’re a publicly traded (NASDAQ: DKNG) technology company headquartered in Boston, with teams around the world and an expanding global presence.
 JOIN US!
 We strive to create a place where all feel safe, empowered, engaged, championed, and inspired. DraftKings is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind and are committed to providing equal employment opportunities regardless of your gender identity, race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran, or status as an individual with a disability.
 READY TO BUILD WHAT’S NEXT? APPLY NOW.
 As a regulated gaming company, you may be required to obtain a gaming license issued by the appropriate state agency as a condition of employment.



Ezra's mission is to detect cancer early for everyone. We’ve created a comprehensive way to screen your body for potential cancer that’s fast, accurate, and affordable by leveraging MRI. We’ve detected possible cancer for 13% of our members to date. We’re working towards new AI-based medical technology clearances that will improve the Ezra experience for our members.Your Mission: 
As Ezra’s Senior Software Engineer, Web, you’ll play a unique role as the Growth Team’s primary engineer (reporting to the Director of Engineer) that enables all of Ezra’s sales, marketing, and customer success initiatives. You are responsible for both the back-end & front-end optimization of Ezra.com and for maintaining the architecture of our consumer tech. Our member base is rapidly growing, and the person in this role will have the opportunity to enable that growth with their resourcefulness, teamwork, high EQ, and focus on results.
As Ezra’s Senior Software Engineer, Web, you will: 

Serve as a reliable, go-to resource on the team for web projects, writing maintainable code that can be quickly updated when needed, has a low volume of bugs, and is readable and easily understood by other engineers on the team.
Be self-directed with an ownership mindset, completing work efficiently with minimal intervention from others on the team. Help uncover scope early in order to establish engineering time estimates that guide prioritization decision.
Ensure the most frequently visited parts of our web application are performant, error-free, and aligned with technical SEO best practices.
Work with backend engineers to A|B test new features and UX changes, optimizing for the best outcomes for our users and the business
Implement designs with a high degree of precision and polish
Deploy code to production, maintain visibility on the status of technical requests and client builds as they get deployed, and identify root causes and resolution actions for critical bugs.
Stay up to date on the latest technologies in web development, incorporating those changes which can accelerate our development speed and improve quality.
Keep a pulse on user feedback that comes in via customer support, prioritize bug fixes that have the greatest impact on our members, and advocate for application improvements that solve common user pain points.

Key requirements

5-7 years as a web developer in front-end and back-end web developmentStrong grasp of React, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, CSS, SASS
Experience in implementing or updating API's built using NodeJS.
You have a track record of shipping successful sites (translating designs and wireframes into high-quality code) & guiding their architecture
You can manage the scoping & delivery of site revamps, and measure success
You’re proficient with SEO tools (SEMRush, Ahrefs, Google Search Central)
You’re comfortable with data parsing, data binding, & refactoring HTML
You’re experienced in improving page load times, implementing schema markup, and optimizing web crawling, indexing, and conversion rates
Experience with A/B testing
You’re a team player and effectively communicate complex information to cross-functional teams

What’s in it for you? 
At Ezra, you have the opportunity to be part of our team focused on detecting cancer early for everyone.
You will also have access to benefits such as: 
Stock options
Ability to work remotely with a home office allowanceUnlimited vacationEmployer-paid health, dental and vision plans for you and your familyAnnual free Ezra Full Body for you or a family memberMonthly health and wellness stipend4-month employer-paid paternity leaveAnnual Ezra Summit to a global destinationA great culture
Our commitment to diversity and inclusion:
We’re building a diverse team and inclusive company culture. We are an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Front-end development: 5 years (Required)
CSS: 5 years (Required)
JavaScript: 5 years (Required)
Back-end development: 5 years (Required)
Node.js: 3 years (Required)
React: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Requirements: 
Programming experience with Angular and TypeScript
Bachelor's degree, or equivalent practical experience
Experience designing web applications
Communicating technical concepts clearly and effectively
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills; the ability to work with minimum guidance
Availability during continental North American office hours (EST, CST, MST, or PST)
Role: 
We are looking to expand our small development team with someone who is eager to learn and improve themselves.
Some of our current technologies include: Firebase, Angular (latest), RxJS, TypeScript, Jest, Nx, AMP, Elasticsearch, Cypress, GitHub, Angular Universal, NodeJS.
The best candidate will be enthusiastic about: unit testing, RxJS, e2e testing, web best practices for performance and SEO, checking hypotheses with analytics, quick iteration, fixing bugs before features, etc.
Company: 
Padspin is a next-generation web platform for matching tenants with apartments in North America. Padspin was founded in 2015 with a focus on New York.
Work remotely

Yes

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $72,800.00 - $75,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:Employees must be vaccinated and wear masks when/if in-person.
Work Location: Remote


Piper Companies is seeking a Remote Principal Software Engineer for a well-known financial organization in the Raleigh-Durham, NC area. The Principal Software Engineer will be responsible for designing and developing internal tools. The ideal candidate for the Principal Software Engineer role will be knowledgeable about the cloud.

 Responsibilities for the Principal Software Engineer include:

 Gain cloud native development skills from a passionate and experienced leadership team
 Design and build tools for internal development team of REST and GraphQL APIs
 Innovate all aspects of the software development life cycle
 Mentor junior team members 

Requirements for Principal Software Engineer include:

 6+ years of programming experience in Java, Node.js, or Go
 Experience/exposure with AWS/Cloud
 Kubernetes, Terraform, or CloudFormation experience is a plus
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field

 Compensation of the Principal Software Engineer:

 Salary Range: $125,000-$135,000 plus a bonus and comprehensive benefits package





7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams
 Experience partnering with product OR program management teams
 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers
 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 7+ years of experience working directly within engineering teams
 Experience partnering with product OR program management teams
 3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers
 3+ years of experience architecting and designing (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field plus five years of progressively responsible experience in the specialty as equivalent
 3+ years of experience managing a team of software development professionals within a distributed systems environment.




  Job summary
   Work hard, have fun, and make history at Amazon Web Services!
  
 Kumo (pronounced ‘Koo-mo’, the Japanese word for "cloud") is the global product and engineering organization for AWS Support. Kumo provides software and technology services that intelligently anticipate and resolve AWS customer needs, helping them adopt, optimize and operate within the AWS cloud at scale. Kumo’s products, used by AWS customers and the internal Amazonian Support teams that help them, are vital to ensuring exceptional customer experiences on AWS. We aim to identify our customers’ needs across all AWS services before they do, and seamlessly deliver the most appropriate resolution for those needs, fulfilling the vision of a self-healing cloud over time. We have a broad portfolio of both customer-facing and internal services, including AWS Trusted Advisor, AWS Health, Automation, Recommendations & Insights, AWS Support Center, AWS Knowledge center, and many more.
  
 The AWS Kumo team is searching for an innovative, passionate, and customer-focused Software Development Manager with a track record of delivery. It is a green field role in the Automation and Recommendations space, where you will come in and will (1) establish the vision, (2) build the roadmap, and (3) build a team of scientists and engineers to deliver on this vision. 
  
 Inclusive Team Culture
   Here at AWS, we embrace our differences. We are committed to furthering our culture of inclusion. We have ten employee-led affinity groups, reaching 40,000 employees in over 190 chapters globally. We have innovative benefit offerings, and host annual and ongoing learning experiences, including our Conversations on Race and Ethnicity (CORE) and AmazeCon (gender diversity) conferences.
  
 Work/Life Balance
   Our team puts a high value on work-life balance. It isn’t about how many hours you spend at home or at work; it’s about the flow you establish that brings energy to both parts of your life. We believe striking the right balance between your personal and professional life is critical to life-long happiness and fulfillment. We offer flexibility in working hours and encourage you to find your own balance between your work and personal lives.
  
 Mentorship & Career Growth
   Our team is dedicated to supporting new members. We have a broad mix of experience levels and tenures, and we’re building an environment that celebrates knowledge sharing and mentorship. Our senior members enjoy one-on-one mentoring and thorough, but kind, code reviews. We care about your career growth and strive to assign projects based on what will help each team member develop into a better-rounded engineer and enable them to take on more complex tasks in the future.
  
 Key job responsibilities
  

 Build a world-class team by hiring, coaching and developing exceptional talent, cultivating pragmatic decision-making, and leveraging your technical expertise to constantly raise the bar
 Think big and working with leadership team, business stakeholders and engineering and science teams to define vision, strategy and requirements
 Deliver results by leading a cross-functional team of software engineers and scientists to driving execution of programs from design to rollout
 Communicate effectively with senior management as well as with colleagues from business, engineering, and science backgrounds
 Own all business and operational metrics for your team’s software

 About the team
   The AWS Kumo team provides technology and trusted expertise that intelligently anticipate and resolve AWS customer needs, helping them adopt, optimize, and operate at scale. Kumo’s products, used by AWS customers and the support teams that help them, are vital to ensuring exceptional customer experiences on AWS. We aim to identify every need of customers across all AWS services before they do, and seamlessly connect them to the most appropriate resolution for their need, eventually fulfilling the vision of a self-healing cloud. We have unfettered curiosity and drive to help build “best in the world” support experiences that customers will love! We are inventing and designing tech that will directly impact every customer across all AWS services. Our industry-leading technology cuts across a wide range of ML techniques from Natural Language Understanding to Deep Learning. Our team packs a punch with principal level engineering, science, product, and leadership talent. We combine the culture of a startup, the innovation and creativity of an R&D Lab, the work-life balance of a mature organization, and technical challenges at the scale of AWS. We offer a playground of opportunities for builders to build, have fun, and make history!
 



Experience working with both Software Development Engineers and Machine Learning Scientists or Applied Scientists
 Track record of delivering large scale software systems on time.
 Strong problem solving skills: Experience using problem solving and analytical skills to solve business problems and drive process improvements
 Have been successful working across organizational boundaries, bringing together people with diverse perspectives and experience to find solutions.
 Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills

 The base pay range for this position in Colorado is $184877 - $250,128/yr; however, base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on bonus and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. This information is provided per the Colorado Equal Pay Act. Base pay information is based on market location. Applicants should apply via Amazon's internal or external careers site.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 

A self-funded, profitable fin-tech start-up is looking to bring on a Senior Developer/Back-end Architect to create the future of investment management and trading software. This is a fully remote position offering up to $175K for the right candidate.
About you:
· BA or BS in Computer Science or related fields
· 2-5 years development experience
· 2+ years of experience in C#.NET (or Java/Scala), SQL
· Nice to have: 3 years of experience within the financial domain, with extensive exposure to the FIX protocol
About them:
· Small, agile team of self-starters
· Clients consist of some of the largest investment managers and hedge funds
· Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision), Retirement Plan, Paid Time Off, Life Insurance
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $175,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Elemind is seeking a full-time mid to senior level firmware engineer to develop next generation wearable neurotechnology. The engineer will lead development of the embedded firmware in Elemind’s products and will be a key contributor in taking the product from prototype to production and beyond. The candidate ideally has experience with C/C++, FreeRTOS, writing drivers, and implementing signal processing algorithms. The candidate must understand the need to move fast but also be rigorous with their work, taking the time to document and annotate to aid future debugging. This is an ideal position for a talented programmer willing to learn quickly and take responsibility for a wide variety of software development challenges. This is a fully remote position with a slight preference for candidates in the NYC, Boston, and LA areas.
Please review the Minimum Qualifications below carefully. We have taken care to truly make it a list of minimum qualifications - if you do not meet any of them, we respectfully request that you not apply for this position.
Responsibilities: 

Contribute to all phases of the software lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design, implementation, test coordination, release, support, and documentation
Analyze technical problems and propose design of comprehensive solutions
Develop/maintain control software in Java
Implement or port existing algorithms from C++ and MATLAB
Develop test routines and scripts
Develop peripheral drivers (i.e. accelerometer, temperature sensor, light sensor, etc)
Debug communication protocols
Choose and integrate a NAND file system
Participate in code reviews with the leadership team
Lead and manage the work of a small team of firmware engineers, external and/or internal

Minimum Qualifications: 

BSEE/BSCE with a minimum of 5 years of related work experience
Experience programming in C and C++ for embedded devices
Experience reading IC data sheets and implementing their binary protocols
Experience programming in Java
Experience in FreeRTOS
Experience with git version control
Familiarity with Bluetooth and BLE embedded communication stacks
Familiarity with battery management and battery charging circuits
Expertise with basic lab equipment (oscilloscopes, power supplies, multimeters, etc)
Experience with test scripts
Knowledge of digital signal processing algorithms like FFTs and Filters and experience implementing algorithms originally developed in MATLAB

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience debugging embedded ARM systems.
Experience debugging electrical circuits by tracing and probing
Experience with Jira
Experience with Kotlin/Swift

ABOUT ELEMIND
Elemind Technologies, Inc. is a disruptive neurotechnology company whose products use bleeding edge and novel neuromodulation techniques and precisely timed brain stimulation to drive brainwaves. We are a small team comprised of world-class neuroscientists, engineers, and multidisciplinary inventors who take pride in solving difficult and complex technological problems. We are well capitalized and backed by top tier VCs and angels. Come join us.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $78,965.00 - $154,509.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

C++: 2 years (Preferred)
Java: 2 years (Preferred)
FreeRTOS: 1 year (Preferred)
Signal processing: 1 year (Preferred)
MATLAB: 1 year (Preferred)
Bluetooth Low Energy: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Summary
This position is part of an agile development team, building and working on enterprise grade software systems on top of the Microsoft .NET development stack. It will develop, create, and modify general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Analyze user needs and develop software solutions. Design software or customize software for client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency. May analyze and design databases within an application area including testing, working individually or coordinating database development as part of a team.
Required Education and Experience

High school diploma or General Education Degree (GED)
2 or more years of related experience and/or training that would enable performance of the full scope of the position
Working knowledge of fundamental operations of relevant software
Excellent computer and troubleshooting skills
Solid understanding of object oriented programming concepts
Solid understanding of relational database design and querying concepts
Familiarity with version control concepts

Preferred Education and Experience
· Experience building and deploying mobile applications both IOS and Android
· Exposure using Xamarin to develop mobile applications
· Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related discipline
· Knowledge of JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery
· Exposure to web development using HTML5, CSS, and Bootstrap
· Strong background in developing cross-browser web interfaces
· Intermediate MS Excel skills
· Experience with Visual Studio development software
· Exposure to Microsoft .NET development using C#
· Exposure to web development using HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap and JavaScript
· Exposure to SQL Server or Relational databases
· Knowledge of client/server application development
· Knowledge of agile development methodologies
· Knowledge of unit testing theory
· Proficiency with MS Office products (Outlook, Word)
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work
· Full-time position
· Standard days are Monday through Friday
· Standard hours are 40 hours per week (dependent on workload)
· Schedule flexibility will be allowed if pre-planned and approved
· Must be willing and have the ability to work additional hours during peak business needs and occasional weekend hours, as requested
Competencies
To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies to perform the essential functions of this position.
· Problem solving—the individual identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers and analyzes information skillfully.
· Interpersonal Skills—the individual maintains confidentiality, remains open to others’ ideas and exhibits willingness to try new things.
· Oral communication—the individual speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations, demonstrates group presentation skills and conducts meetings.
· Written Communication—the individual edits work for spelling and grammar, presents numerical data effectively and is able to read and interpret written information.
· Planning/organizing—the individual prioritizes and plans work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans.
· Quality control—the individual demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness and monitors own work to ensure quality.
· Adaptability—the individual adapts to changes in the work environment, manages competing demands and is able to deal with frequent change, delays or unexpected events.
· Dependability—the individual is consistently at work and on time, follows instructions, responds to management direction and solicits feedback to improve performance.
· Safety and security—the individual actively promotes and personally observes safety and security procedures, and uses equipment and materials properly.
Essential Functions
· Working with an agile team to develop, test, and maintain web applications built on Microsoft technologies.
· Assist in the collection and documentation of user's requirements, development of user stories, and estimates
· Preparing reports, manuals and other documentation on the status, operation and maintenance of software
· Design, develop, and unit test applications in accordance with established standards
· Participating in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code
· Package and support deployment of releases
· Developing, refining, and tuning integrations between applications
· Analyzing and resolving technical and application problems
· Adhering to high-quality development principles while delivering solutions on-time and on-budget
· Maintain the highest level of confidentiality and professionalism
· Stay current with system information, changes and updates
· Build, strengthen and maintain positive business relationships by establishing rapport with customers (agents, dealers and internal personnel)
· Address issues and ensure effective and long-term problem resolution
· Provide timely feedback to the company regarding service failures or concerns
· Maintain ongoing two-way communication promoting professionalism, teamwork, positive employee morale, and outstanding customer service
· Return phone messages and emails within one business day
· Complete all other duties as required and/or necessary as requested by management
The duties listed above are not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing; they are intended only as illustrations of the various types of work that may be performed. The omission of specific duties, responsibilities and activities does not exclude them from the position; as they may change at any time with or without notice.
Our Benefit package includes: 
· Medical Insurance
· Dental Insurance
· Vision Insurance
· Basic Life and AD&D Insurance for Employee
· Additional Life and AD&D Insurance for Employee, Spouse and Children
· Long Term Disability
· Critical Illness
· Accident Insurance
· Pet Insurance
· Employee Assistance Program
· 401(k) Savings Plan with Match
· Paid Holidays
· Paid Vacation
· Paid Sick Days
· Tuition Reimbursement
An Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and Drug Free Workplace
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $1.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

What are your salary expectations?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)
.NET: 1 year (Preferred)
Bootstrap: 1 year (Preferred)
Xamarin: 1 year (Preferred)
iOS development: 1 year (Preferred)
Android development: 1 year (Preferred)
C#: 1 year (Preferred)
jQuery: 1 year (Preferred)
Microsoft SQL Server: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  This BAE Systems program supports our federal customer who plays a key role in providing direct cybersecurity engineering support. This program provides systems and security engineering and integration support to specific Government-sponsored projects, pilots and prototypes. This includes solution planning and engineering, defining security requirements, target architecture, interoperability and integration, system testing, Verification and Validation, Modeling and Simulation, studies and analysis, post-deployment security validation (PDSV), and project risk management. As part of this team, you will contribute to the engineering of current and emerging cybersecurity systems, policies, and processes to enforce standards and identify vulnerabilities and capability gaps, and reduce cybersecurity risk of our customer networks.
  
 The Systems Engineer is a role on the contract supporting the program’s systems and solution engineering effort. Primary focus is to identify and capture program level requirements for new and upgraded cyber security systems that support the customer’s mission. This work will be performed as part of a SAFe implementation, with a specific focus on Epic definition and Agile Release Train (ART) requirements. This position will work with technical and non-technical stakeholders to establish high-level solution intent which includes high level architect views, and documentation requirements. This position also includes requirements traceability support for enterprise-level documentation and artifacts. The Systems Engineer will also be involved in the Model Based System Engineering (MBSE) implementation across the program and customer environment.
  

**This position is eligible for maximum telework (>50%) for applicants residing in the National Capital Region (DC, MD, VA).**


**This position’s office location can be either Dulles, VA, or Rockville, MD.**


Required Education, Experience, & Skills 


Experience in applying and performing according to SAFe or Agile Scrum
 Experience working in an Agile environment and with Agile tools such as Jira Align, Jira, etc.
 Understanding of DoDAF architecture views and their uses in requirements development
 Experience in SDLC
 Experience in requirements development, analysis and management
 Experience in developing Use Cases
 Experience in creating Lean Business Cases
 Strong organizational skills
 Strong communication skills - orals and writing
 Able to work independently, collaboratively with teammates, and mentoring junior members of team 
Experience in developing and communicating technical solutions


 Preferred Education, Experience, & Skills 


Understanding of System of Systems
 Understanding of Project Management and scheduling
 Understanding of Risk Management
 Knowledge of MBSE implementation, maintenance, and usage
 Knowledge of SysML
 Experience working in a cyber domain


 About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security 
 BAE Systems, Inc. is the U.S. subsidiary of BAE Systems plc, an international defense, aerospace and security company which delivers a full range of products and services for air, land and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, security, information technology solutions and customer support services. Improving the future and protecting lives is an ambitious mission, but it’s what we do at BAE Systems. Working here means using your passion and ingenuity where it counts – defending national security with breakthrough technology, superior products, and intelligence solutions. As you develop the latest technology and defend national security, you will continually hone your skills on a team—making a big impact on a global scale. At BAE Systems, you’ll find a rewarding career that truly makes a difference. Intelligence & Security (I&S), based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we do—from intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. At BAE Systems, we celebrate the array of skills, experiences, and perspectives our employees bring to the table. For us, differences are a source of strength. We’re laser-focused on high performance, and we work hard every day to nurture an inclusive culture where all employees can innovate and thrive. Here, you will not only build your career, but you will also enjoy work-life balance, uncover new experiences, and collaborate with passionate colleagues.
 


  Overview: 
  
    Are you a passionate innovator looking to harness the power of technology to do more good? You’ve come to the right place. NGP VAN, together with ActionKit and Mobilize, delivers leading technology to Democratic and progressive campaigns as well as nonprofits.
  


 Our parent company, Bonterra, was formed by bringing together leading solutions from CyberGrants, EveryAction, Network for Good, Social Solutions and their respective entities to form the second-largest and fastest-growing social good software company in the world. This collaboration will help NGP VAN accelerate enhancements in our platforms and continue to drive our top three areas of focus: reinforcing the core, committing to innovation, and helping lead in the Democratic ecosystem.
  


 We are currently operating as a remote workforce and have equipped our teams with the technology to stay connected to each other and our customers.
   Responsibilities & Requirements: 
  
    NGP VAN is the leading technology provider to Democratic and progressive campaigns and organizations, as well as nonprofits, municipalities, and other groups, offering clients an integrated platform of the best fundraising, compliance, field, organizing, digital, and social networking products.
  


 Trusted by campaigns of every size, NGP VAN's award-winning tools have elected thousands of Democrats to local, state, and federal office. Nearly every Democrat running for office is powered by NGP VAN. There's a friendly, relaxed atmosphere at NGP VAN that makes work fun. Fueled by our love of important causes + game-changing technology, our team is made up of smart, passionate people who truly care.
  


 Join us as a QA Engineer for an opportunity to work on industry-leading applications and use the latest web technology while doing it. Some things we work with: ASP.NET (Web Forms, MVC and Web Api), ReactJS, SQL at massive scale, Azure, Redis, and ElasticSearch.
  
 Responsibilities

 Design test plans for the application that could be used for manual or automated testing
 Execute test plans and document test execution records
 Build automated functional and regression tests for our enterprise web application
 Expand and maintain our testing infrastructure
 Work closely with scrum team to identify test cases, edge cases and regression items
 Identify and troubleshoot bugs while providing reports with clear steps to recreate issues
 Ensure that we're delivering a great, bug-free user experience for our users

 Actual Minimum Requirements

    You need to have some experience programming to be considered for this position. (But we are also hiring QA analysts!)
  
 What We're Looking For

    We don't require that you have experience with all of this to begin with, but it is directly relevant to the role.
  

 Familiarity with C# - this is a programming position
 Familiarity with version control systems - preferably git
 Experience with Selenium WebDriver framework
 Knowledge of front end web technologies such as JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
 Proficiency in Black, Grey, and White Box testing
 About Us: 
   Our Culture:
 Our team is made up of industry experts and advocates who are 100% committed to supporting the doers of social good. We are currently undergoing an effort to create the vision and values that embody our collective organization and embrace the individuals who make up our community. 

Some of our comprehensive and competitive benefits include: 


Generous PTO policy
 Equity for ALL regular, full-time employees from individual contributors to management – share in our success! 
Up to 15 paid company holidays including some commemorating social justice events and self-care
 Paid volunteer time
 Resources for savings and investments
 Paid parental leave
 Health, vision, dental, and life insurance with additional access to health and wellness programs.
 Opportunities to learn, develop, network, and connect
 When we can—company-sponsored events and swag!!


 Job Tags: #Remote
 


Piper Companies is currently seeking a Site Reliability Engineer for a REMOTE direct placement opportunity with a SaaS company based on the east coast. The SRE will develop, advance, and maintain a new product for data services with a high degree of autonomy.

 Responsibilities of the Site Reliability Engineer:
 

 Use DevOps tools to maintain infrastructure as code, automate changes and implement CI/CD.
 Fix, improve, and advance infrastructure while troubleshooting problems.
 Collaborate with team members to plan projects and analyze requirements.
 Identify and eliminate toil

 
Qualifications of the Site Reliability Engineer:
 

 2-3+ years of operations and engineering experience. 
 Experience with automation tools such as Ansible and Terraform
 Experience with AWS and Layer 2/Layer 3 protocols (802.1Q, OSPF, MPLS, BGP, IS-IS)
 Strong written and verbal communication skills

 
Compensation for the Site Reliability Engineer:
 

 Salary Range: 140-160K
 Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, dental, and vision. 401K with company match. Open PTO policy.
 Potential for a bonus structure



90% of the work will be Python and QT, with some Rust and Open GL work also. C++ developers with decent Python skills who can transition full-time to Python are welcome.
Our client is seeking mid-level to senior QT Software Engineers with outstanding technical software development skills with extensive experience in development of both web and rich client software in C++ or Python-based applications. The individual will have a track record of working within agreed methods and frameworks for software development. You will help to enhance a Desktop 3D frontend, web frontend, and cloud-based infrastructure with a particular focus on developing new features that are relevant to the offshore wind industry. These tools allow users to design models, connect to a cloud-based engineering simulation engine, and visualize/post-process results. You will help with development of the client's proprietary Modeler, which is a QT-based front-end to their engine. You will improve the client's ability to support customer requests and add new front-end features. These are very high-impact for their customers and sales because front-end features are user- facing. You will need to be extremely comfortable communicating with engineers in a very technical landscape. This position reports to the Chief Architect with also a line to the Technology Development team.
Key Responsibilities: Use Python (and Qt, QML, OpenGL, numpy) to implement new features and maintain existing features for the Desktop frontend. Some Rust and OPEN GL work.Create prototypes for new ideas and features.Work collaboratively with the engineering teams to understand end user requirements to provide technical solutions, user interface designs as well as implementation of new software features.Help develop a clear and robust desktop API which is a basis for a scripting interface, an automated end-to-end test suite, and allowing development of 3rd-party plugins.Ensure the reliability of desktop application via framework of testing layers (unit-test, integration test, end-to-end test). Add and update tests as the application scales up.Build a test suite to detect bugs, errors for the application to ensure it's in good shape at all times, including the UI/UX requirement.
Experience and Qualifications: 5 years minimum overall application programming experience.Previous work experience as a Python Developer with QT, or C++ and QTDegree in Computer Science and/or Engineering or related discipline.Hands on experience with Python user interface frameworks.Up-to-date with the latest UI/UX techniques and technologies.Used to working in an International context with good written and spoken English.Experience in UI development, preferably in CAE/CAD/3D graphics applications.Understanding of performance testing and optimization techniques.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

  What we're looking for: 

    You are a Senior Software Engineer with at least 5-7 years of experience programming in object-oriented programming language such as C/C++. You should have extensive knowledge of programming paradigm and constructs, data structures, operating systems internals, algorithms and scripting languages/framework and a huge passion for solving complex problems. You enjoy working in a dynamic, fast-paced environment to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business. You will have ample opportunities to grow your skillset while working with a variety of cutting-edge technologies and tools.
  





Position Overview:

The HDX team empowers the virtualization technologies at the heart of Citrix products. HDX technology delivers a “high-definition” experience to users of centralized applications and desktops, on any device and over any network. Our culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the dynamism and vibrancy of a small startup

Role Responsibilities:

Implement new unique cross-platform features the same as improving performance and stability for successful solutions with millions of daily usages.
Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards (e.g. code reviews, logging and instrumentation, static/dynamic code analysis, code coverage, unit, integration tests) within the team.
You may collaborate with Product Owners and Product Managers, Product Design, DevOps and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment
You may compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents.


Basic Qualifications:

BS or MS degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred, with at least 4 years of directly related work experience. Equivalent experience may be substituted for formal education.
At least 5-7 years of experience in C/C++.
Must have strong understanding of Computer Science fundamentals (Algorithms, Data Structures, Operating Systems, Networking concepts) more aligned to Systems’ Programming.
Experience developing backend-services or micro-services or Rest API or Web API
Strong work experience on MAC/IOS development is good to have.
Experience with developing for Windows and Linux platforms is highly regarded.


" Willing to consider 100% remote employees "

At Citrix, our employees perform extraordinary acts of creativity and service every day. We provide benefits and rewards that meet the diverse needs of our employees by offering competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and equitable rewards opportunities for all employees. In the state of Colorado, the salary for this role generally ranges from $108,000 - $150,000, but may vary depending on your qualifications including job-related education, training, experience, licensure, and certification, that could result at a level outside of this range. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including annual bonus, sales incentives, and/or stock depending on the terms of the applicable plan and role as well as individual performance. Benefits may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Citrix and the country where you work. U.S. based employees are typically offered access to healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, 401(k) plan and company match, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), and education assistance program, among others.





  Functional Area:  Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.
 At Citrix, our employees perform extraordinary acts of creativity and service every day. We provide benefits and rewards that meet the diverse needs of our employees by offering competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and equitable rewards opportunities for all employees. In the state of Colorado, the salary for this role generally ranges from $124,400 -$155,500 but may vary depending on your qualifications including job-related education, training, experience, licensure, and certification, that could result at a level outside of this range. Certain roles are eligible for additional rewards, including annual bonus, sales incentives, and/or stock depending on the terms of the applicable plan and role as well as individual performance. Benefits may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Citrix and the country where you work. U.S. based employees are typically offered access to healthcare, life insurance and disability benefits, 401(k) plan and company match, employee stock purchase program (ESPP), and education assistance program, among others.
   Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.


A DevOps Engineer works with developers and the IT staff to oversee the code releases, combining an understanding of both engineering and coding. From creating and implementing systems software to analyzing data to improve existing ones, a DevOps Engineer increases productivity in the workplace.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $84,362.00 - $169,369.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Azure: 1 year (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)
Software Development Operations Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
Kubernetes: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Title: Jr and Mid-Level Java DeveloperLocation: Anywhere in the USDuration: Fulltime (career upskilling + placement)
Quick Introduction, I am Shiwani, working as a recruiter with GenSpark a division of Pyramid Consulting Inc. A leading IT staffing organization. I came across your profile and feel that your skills and professional experience would be a good fit for a position with one of our premier technology consulting clients. The client is looking for people who can support them in their technology transformation journey on Cloud, Digital, Security, etc.,
Pyramid / GenSpark will provide six weeks of paid training on Java Full Stack, and once the training is completed successfully, you will be placed as a consultant at the client site (some clients offer remote opportunities until Covid reduces). Please review the job description below. If you are interested in this position, please forward your updated resume for immediate consideration and preferred time to discuss this opportunity further.
Junior-Level Java DeveloperQualifications to join GenSpark:

Strong skills in communication, motivation, and self-discipline
willing to commit to a role for a minimum of 1 year
1-4 year of working experience in developing business applications using OOPS concepts (without this experience, you may be considered for more junior training with GenSpark)
Willingness to relocate within the US (we will assist with relocation costs)

What we offer:

Rapid career growth, with focused and intensive training,
paid training for 4-8 weeks
compensation in line with industry forms
excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits
relocation assistance, if required for client assignment
Mentorship and support throughout the program
networking opportunities within your industry with peers and industry leaders

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Preferred)
AWS: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
The Opportunity
We are looking for a Software Engineer who is motivated to solve complicated issues in sophisticated software systems. You will assist with building innovative products with our collaborative, cross-functional teams and ensure adherence to code quality standards. As the #1 Telemedicine provider in the world, your work will be seen and used by millions of people each year.
Responsibilities:
Participate in the design, implementation, testing and shipping of features that can scale to millions of users
Build features with a major focus on performance, scalability and future expansion
Write unit and functional automation to validate code quality
Collaborate with team members to effectively achieve department goals
Participate in the evaluation of new system integration points to define the data elements and format that is required by each system and/or data source
Identify opportunities for improvement in system interfaces
Ensure security and compliance of APIs and assist with discovery efforts
Candidate Profile
BS degree in Computer Science or relevant field (years of work experience may be substituted)
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process preferred (internships ok)
You embody the entrepreneurial spirit, with the ability to drive change and think outside the box
You have hands-on experience with JavaScript & React
You have hands-on experience with Ruby on Rails, and/or Java
You are comfortable working with PostgreSQL
You can consume and utilize new languages, design patterns, APIs and toolsets
You are able to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment
Effective communication skills and a willingness to learn are a must
Why Join Teladoc Health?

A New Category in Healthcare: Teladoc Health is transforming the healthcare experience and empowering people everywhere to live healthier lives.


Our Work Truly Matters: Recognized as the world leader in whole-person virtual care, Teladoc Health uses proprietary health signals and personalized interactions to drive better health outcomes across the full continuum of care, at every stage in a person’s health journey.


Make an Impact: In more than 175 countries and ranked Best in KLAS for Virtual Care Platforms in 2020, Teladoc Health leverages more than a decade of expertise and data-driven insights to meet the growing virtual care needs of consumers and healthcare professionals.


Focus on PEOPLE: Teladoc Health has been recognized as a top employer by numerous media and professional organizations. Talented, passionate individuals make the difference, in this fast-moving, collaborative, and inspiring environment.


Diversity and Inclusion: At Teladoc Health we believe that personal and professional diversity is the key to innovation. We hire based solely on your strengths and qualifications, and the way in which those strengths can directly contribute to your success in your new position.


Growth and Innovation: We’ve already made healthcare yet remain on the threshold of very big things. Come grow with us and support our mission to make a tangible difference in the lives of our Members.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we never have and never will discriminate against any job candidate or employee due to age, race, religion, color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, membership in an employee organization, medical condition, family history, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, parental status or pregnancy.

Rootine is a mission-driven digital health startup focused on optimizing health and human performance through precision nutrition. Rootine unlocks total body health and supports common health conditions like fatigue, stress, brain fog and more through at-home lab testing, precision nutrition products, in-app tracking, and community. Cellular nutrition is core to health and we are building the only precise, end-to-end solution to optimize cellular nutrition.
 Entrepreneurship is not taught in college. Your formal education doesn't prepare you for the reality of starting and running a business. By working at Rootine you will have full access to see how a successful startup is run. We are tackling a massive market with strong tailwinds and are backed by top investors from around the globe.

 What We Are Looking For
 We’re looking for a Full Stack Software Engineer who is excited to build at the forefront of precision nutrition and use creativity to help us improve the health and daily performance of millions across the globe. You will play an important role in building products that inform and delight customers while empowering them to leverage their personal health data to achieve optimal health.
 As a very early member of a small team, you will have the opportunity to take ownership over a core application. You’ll work with the Head of Engineering directly to scope projects, architect, build and deploy new features and services. The right person for this role is a dynamic resource, skilled in executing familiar and unfamiliar tasks that is ready to take on a significant, high impact role on a small team.

 What You'll Do

 Work with the product team to build components end to end on a new customer facing web app using React JS & Typescript
 Work with the customer teams to build a new internal web app for managing internal customer operations using React JS & Typescript
 Build a new private API using Fast API in Python
 Build & maintain integrations with 3rd party vendors
 Assist in frontend development of the e-commerce website as needed


 Who You Are:

 You have~ 3 years experience as a Full Stack Engineer working in teams on a software product using React + Typescript and Python
 You have proven experience building production ready, customer facing web applications
 You have previous experience designing and deploying APIs
 You have previous experience with data modeling
 You have Strong sql skills

 Location Base: Remote
 Compensation: Competitive Salary + Equity Potential for Right Candidate
 Manager: Report to Head of Engineering

 How to Apply
 Interested? Apply here or
 Email rick@rootine.co with subject line Full Stack Mid level Software Engineer
 Rootine provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
 This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

Seismic, a rapidly growing Forbes Cloud 100 company, is the global leader in enablement, helping make sales teams better by becoming more productive and engaging with buyers in a compelling way. Seismic's platform provides continuous guidance to improve behavior, content, and skills to win more deals and deliver better experiences. Nearly 2,000 organizations including IBM and American Express have made Seismic their enablement platform of choice. Seismic integrates with business-critical platforms including Microsoft, Salesforce, Google and Adobe. Seismic is headquartered in San Diego, with offices across North America, Europe, and Australia.
Candidates for this role will typically have at least 2+ years experience and will be most successful if they have a desire to grow in our entire stack but specialize immediately in the backend.

What you'll be doing
Backend Engineering
Backend engineering at Seismic includes the following server-side tech stack; Ruby, Rails, PostgreSQL, Redshift, Algolia, Redis, Memcached, and whatever comes next.
This job will require the ability to write code according to our Ruby style guide and Rails style guide which will include fixing bugs, authoring and modifying gems, as well as authoring and modifying core and supporting application functionality.
Code Reviewer
A strong peer review culture is incredibly important to us. Everyone strives to improve every day, and the code review process is vital to this goal.

What you'll bring
Essential Abilities
Server-side tech (especially Ruby, Rails, Postgres, Docker)
You have experience building server-side tools, applications, APIs, or similar.
You have experience writing and maintaining code with a team at scale.
Working Cross-Functionally
You have experience working closely with back-end engineers, designers, testers, and product managers. People skills, along with a desire to both learn and teach, are essential.
Producing value, not work
You frequently ask clarifying questions about the intended impact of the work, weighing options, and devising creative solutions to complex problems.
Showing progress through iteration
You take a big problem and decompose it into shippable chunks that can ensure all parties are aligned on the outcome.
Business and technical translation
You are able to translate the non-technical business needs into a clear technical action plan and vice versa, seamlessly.
Promises delivered
You are known for the ability to make an estimate, establish a deadline collaboratively, and hit that mark.
What we have for you
Generous paid vacation, sick leave, and holiday benefits, including an end-of-year company shutdown
Competitive medical, dental and vision plans, as well as an optional Health Savings Account with a company contribution
Paid parental leave and family caregiver leave
Enhanced fertility and egg freezing benefits
401(k) plan with annual company match
Monthly stipend for cell phone expenses
Flexible work schedule
Seismic Cares employee volunteer program
#OneSeismic culture that celebrates wins, encourages autonomy, ownership, and transparency

#LI-KC1 #LI-Remote
Headquartered in San Diego and with more than 1,300 employees across the globe, Seismic is the global leader in sales enablement, backed by firms such as Permira, Ameriprise Financial, EDBI, Lightspeed Venture Partners, and T. Rowe Price. Seismic also recently expanded its team and product portfolio with the acquisition of Percolate, Grapevine6, and Lessonly. Our board of directors is composed of several industry luminaries including John Thompson, former Chairman of the Board for Microsoft.

Seismic is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, age, race, religion, or any other classification which is protected by applicable law.

UNITED STATES CANDIDATES ONLY: Notice regarding COVID-19 vaccination requirement as a condition of employment. At Seismic, we prioritize the health and wellbeing of our employees, families, and friends above all else. In response to the novel Coronavirus, and the increased transmissibility with recent variants, all new U.S. based Seismic employees, whose job requires them to meet in person with others or be present at a Seismic office in the course of their employment, must provide original documentation confirming status having received the prescribed vaccinations (doses) based on the manufacturer's guidelines on their first day of employment. Accommodations due to medical or religious exemptions will be considered.

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.



    We are the Build team which falls within our larger Commercial Tech team and focuses on providing an abstraction layer to create, store, update and retrieve design data in order to provide visual representations for our customers to manage their own custom products. We also enable our customers to create and upload designs and support the rapid development of new products and creation flows at MOO. We enable our customers to view & create their custom designs as well as support other creation flows.
   


 We value everyone’s perspective and encourage new ideas, tackling challenges together, and learning from our mistakes. We really care about continually improving, and we love the open exchange of knowledge amongst our team members (and the wider Engineering department!).
   


 During the pandemic, we have been honing our virtual working skills and use Zoom for all of our calls and meetings. That creates a regular office day feeling giving us the chance to see each other's faces - sometimes it involves a smiling toddler walking into the room or a random cat walking on the keyboard - we are all one team.
   


 We are expanding our technology teams and looking for a Senior Frontend Engineer to join our ‘Build’ team which is at the core of our customers e-commerce journey. The main function of the Build team is developing the systems and user experience that allow customers to create and upload their designs to our platform for printing on our range of products. With being such a key part of the journey we have ensured it is very user friendly whilst being super powerful to support the range of customers that flow through it.
   



The Person We Want:

 Experienced in building end-to-end, complex e-commerce web applications and features using JavaScript and React. Understanding the importance of code quality, testing and be willing to own that code. Willing to work in a team and work closely with key stakeholders to ensure successful delivery. Learning and growth are key to our culture, so we will be looking for examples of where you have challenged yourself and learned a new tool, skill, or way of working.





Responsibilities: 

Build, test and deploy React applications as part of a multi-disciplinary product team Fully test your applications using unit, integration, and functional testing Contribute to your team via pair programming, code reviews, knowledge sharing and team demos Participate in design sessions, follow engineering best practices and the MOO Engineering principles to ensure high standards are maintained Leverage best practices in testing, continuous integration and delivery Participate in identifying and eliminating technical debt Collaborate with other engineers, across teams, on a variety of projects Continuously experiment, iterate and deliver on new product objectives





About You: 

You will have significant experience in the following technologies: React, Modern Javascript, TypeScript, Sass, HTML5 and CSS3 Proven experience in deploying React applications using pipelines from integration all the way to production Very comfortable with AWS or equivalent, Docker, CI/CD operations and knowledge of Terraform would be a bonus You have an interest in design and a key eye for detail You care about great user experience for our customers and want to collaborate with other engineers and stakeholders to achieve this You like to mentor and support junior engineers You are self-motivated and a team player




Our Exciting Opportunity:
Software Engineer Cross-Functional Development
We’re looking for Cross-Functional Development Software Engineer at all experience levels to join the ANA and DEB teams at the Ericsson ONS organization’s Los Angeles office. The ONS organization is an Ericsson product acceleration unit that focuses on building 5G enablement and engagement technologies for end users as well as application and service providers.
You will be
Designing and developing Platform software and SDK for a distributed 5G enablement and engagement product for web scale solution providers
Ensure scalability, resiliency, and security of the product implementation
Apply most up-to-date techniques, architecture, and open-source solutions
Interact with Product and Architecture teams on understanding long-term vision and more immediate requirements
Work with product owners and Project Management to deliver product on time according to roadmap
To be successful in the role you must have
Passion for innovation and the “can do” attitude
BS or MS degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related area or equivalent experience
At least 3 years of distributed system design and implementation experience using a high-level programming language (Java preferred but also open to Python, C/C++, C#, and Golang)
Desire to code at least 80% of the time
Critical look at any technical solutions and technologies
Experience with public cloud environments and services (Azure preferred), VMs, Linux containers (Docker), Kubernetes
Adherence to automated test practices (mandatory unit test, code coverage)
Familiarity with Jira, GitLab, and CI/CD toolchain
Practiced and comfortable with Agile Software Development
Additional requirements for Senior positions
Minimum of 10 years of recent hands-on experience of developing, testing, bug-fixing, and tuning of modern web-based and mobile applications with the backend in Linux eco-system
Experience mentoring teams of 5+ less Senior Engineers
Advanced skills in Java and Java-based languages, Spring Boot
A good understanding on containerization, virtualization, and service orchestration
Experiences in microservice software architecture, design, and implementation
Familiarity with popular platform technologies including MongoDB, Redis, Kafka, Prometheus, etc.
Demonstrated experience translating business and technical requirements into comprehensive software design and architecture
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to efficiently explain ideas, designs, and concepts to other team members
Ability to show in-depth knowledge in areas of expertise, from frameworks to low-level implementation details. Being able to not only explain what technology to use, but also to explain how the given technology stack works
What´s in it for you?
Here at Ericsson, our culture is built on over a century of courageous decisions. With us, you will no longer be dreaming of what the future holds – you will be redefining it. You won’t develop for the status quo but will build what replaces it. Joining us is a way to move your career in any direction you want; with hundreds of career opportunities in locations all over the world, in a place where co-creation and collaboration are embedded into the walls. You will find yourself in a speak-up environment where empathy and humanness serve as cornerstones for how we work, and where work-life balance is a priority. Welcome to an inclusive, global company where your opportunity to make an impact is endless.
What happens once you apply?
To prepare yourself for next steps, please explore here: https://www.ericsson.com/en/careers/job-opportunities/hiring-process
Encouraging a diverse and inclusive organization is core to our values at Ericsson, that's why we nurture it in everything we do. We truly believe that by collaborating with people with different experiences we drive innovation, which is essential for our future growth. We encourage people from all backgrounds to apply and realize their full potential as part of our Ericsson team. Ericsson is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, learn more. If you need assistance or to request an accommodation due to a disability, please contact Ericsson at hr.direct.mana@ericsson.com
The health, safety and well-being of our employees is our priority. Successful applicants will be required to disclose their vaccination status prior to employment. Except for those positions designated as 100% remote, successful applicants who did not provide the required proof of vaccination will be required to test weekly and wear masks at all Ericsson and customer facilities. This includes employees with medical or religious exemptions with testing as an accommodation. Compliance with government and customer requirements regarding vaccination may preclude unvaccinated applicants from employment for a particular job.
DISCLAIMER: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees in this position. They are not an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for this position, and you may be required to perform additional job tasks as assigned.
Primary country and city: United States (US) || United States : California : Los Angeles
Req ID: 663786
Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

 What we're looking for:
 Citrix Mission
 At Citrix, our Mission is to deliver an intelligent digital Citrix Workspace Experience that Empowers all Employees with Unified, Secure, and Reliable Access to all the Work Resources and Applications needed to be Productive and Do their Best Work – Anytime. Anywhere. Citrix provides Work Solutions for any Workspace Platforms and Seamless Integration Across all Apps. Citrix provides products and IT (Information Technology) solutions to collaborate work management, provides modern and consistent User experience across all devices and through application integration, workflow automation and our cloud-based technology and zero trust security, enabling our Clients and End Users with the best Enterprise Performance, Modernization, and Security!

 The World of Work is Constantly Changing and Evolving. At Citrix, we continued to Revolutionize and Build the Digital Workspace Technology that helps People and Organizations adapt to whatever comes next. Every day you'll have new opportunities to Grow and Innovate in ways that will make Work Better for Millions of People around the World. Citrix has been Ranked #11 on The Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology in 2021. Thousands of Organizations around the World Trust Citrix to keep their apps available, their data safe, and their people productive—wherever and whenever work happens.

 More than 400,000 Companies around the World, including 98 Percent of the Fortune 500, rely on Citrix Digital Workspace Solutions to provide secure, reliable access to the applications and information their employees need to engage and be productive, with over 100 Million Users Worldwide.

 What we are looking for

 You are Software Engineer that is well rounded in the practice of driving innovation and managing the entire software development application life cycle. You enrich teams with their ability to work on the current need: front-end development, back-end development, and anything in between. You are a self-driven, proactive, enthusiastic Software Engineer with a passion for technology and have a can-do attitude. You are a team player with strong written and verbal communication skills You're passionate about implementing functionality in incremental slices of value for the purpose of delighting the client’s and customers/end-users. Innovation, creativity, and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. Finally, you thrive in a collaborative environment and understand the power of a team over the individual. If this sounds like you, we would love to talk to you!

 Position Overview

 We are looking for a Software Engineer with a minumum of 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming Languages: C# Net and Java. Experienced in developing Backend-Services; Micro-Services, Rest API OR Web API. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a talented team of Software Professionals to create innovative cloud solutions. Responsibilities range from conceptualizing ideas, targeted research with rapid prototyping to determine feasibility, risk evaluation and then create well-thought-out software designs and implementation. You will work with the latest Virtualization and Cloud Platform/ Infrastructure, advancing towards the Citrix Vision of Consumer Driven access to Applications, Desktops and Cloud Computing.

 A passion for solving problems, can work in a collaborative and dynamic work environment to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest technologies. This Software Engineering Team Culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the innovation, dynamism, and vibrancy of a startup. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a very talented team of software professionals to create innovative cloud solutions.

 Role Responsibilities

 Collaborate with Product Managers, Product Design, DevOps, and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment.
 Full stack development; implement front-end and back-end business logic for new features.
 This role will be heavily leaning Back-end technologies, with about 80% work done with Backend Development.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your EndUsers.
 Help to design, build and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise performance, modernization, and security.
 Working as a part of an Agile software development teams.
 Compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents.
 Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking while incorporating different end user personas.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your End-Users.
 Help to design, build, and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise Cloud performance, modernization, and security.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards.


 Basic Qualifications

 Bachelors or Master’s degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred degree in Computer Science.
 Minimum 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming language with C# and Net Technologies.
 Demonstrated work experience developing Backend-Services; Micro-services or Cloud Services or Rest API and Web API.
 Fundamental understanding with Cloud Computing platforms; Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS. .
 Demonstrated experience in writing clean code in large codebases.
 Strong fundamental understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals; Algorithms, Data Structures.
 Embrace and implement Agile Development Framework and Methodologies.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with Frontend Technologies; JavaScript, Angular or React is good to have.
 Performance-drive, multi-tenant application development is good to have.
 Experience working in a development environment that uses CI/CD is good to have.
 Experience with databases preferably SQL or NoSQL.


 Candidates should preferably be

 Willing to work on diverse products and projects, each requiring different technologies, methodologies and approaches.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing. You will also receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures.
 Familiar with cloud computing technologies such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS.


 Personal Qualities we look for

 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Self-motivated individuals, with a strong desire to learn and develop.
 Can handle ambiguity well, has a growth mindset and is a team player with a passion for technology.
 A can-do positive, pro-active attitude.


 Why Work for Citrix

 Come and work with one of the most Innovative and Forward-Thinking Technology Companies on Planet Earth! You will get to work alongside some of the Brightest, Most Talented, and Passionate People in the World. As a member of team, you'll be uniquely and strategically positioned to work on cool and exciting projects that will have a direct impact for our Customers in numerous Industries, well into the Future!

 At Citrix, we want to help set you up for a successful career with us. We support Ideation, Experimentation, Innovation and Collaboration to Build Innovative IT Products and Solutions. We’re obsessed about making our Customers and End Users Happy. We are an Innovative Engine for our Colleagues, Communities, Customers and End-Users in the Digital Marketplace!

 Citrix's Pillars of Core Values are Integrity, Respect, Curiosity, Courage and Unity. The Work at Citrix is exhilarating, and that’s what makes it a whole lot of fun!
 Apply Today!

 Functional Area:

 Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.

 Citrix Systems, Inc. is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, marital status, protected veteran status and other protected classifications.

 Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.



Backend Software Engineer

 About Ursa Space Systems
 Ursa Space Systems is building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global intelligence to organizations around the world. Through our SAR/EO/RF satellite network, and data fusion expertise, Ursa Space detects real-time changes in the physical world to expand transparency. Our subscription and custom services enable you to access satellite imagery and analytic results with no geographic, political or weather-related limitations.

 Job Summary
 Ursa is looking for skilled software engineers to join our growing team! We are building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global economic intelligence to organizations around the world. There is a lot of cross-pollination here at Ursa Space. You will have the opportunity to work with a diverse team of highly-skilled developers, working on a variety of projects. There are no egos here - we are looking for the best ideas and are eager to hear your input!
 This position will report directly to the Platform Team Manager.
 The ideal candidate will bring experience in developing and deploying data-driven web service technologies in support of both internal systems and customer-facing applications.

 Job Responsibilities

 Contribute to an agile development team building service-oriented infrastructure to support production and distribution of Ursa product line
 Take proof-of-concept algorithms and analytic designs and generate robust and efficient software implementations to run within a containerized software platform space
 Design and implement efficient, modular, well-documented and well-tested code
 Support the product development team to implement customer requirements
 Learn new technologies
 Participate in design discussions and code reviews
 Communicate effectively and collaborate frequently with peers
 All other duties as assigned


 Requirements

 B.Sc. or M.S. in Computer Science, Information Science, or other engineering discipline in which software development is a focus.


 Preferred Skills
 You should be familiar with some of these - you are not expected to be an expert in all:

 Linux
 Java microservices
 RESTful services
 NoSQL and/or SQL databases (Mongo, MySQL, Redis, Postgres, Athena)
 Cloud services (AWS, Google Cloud Platform)
 Kubernetes, Docker, at-scale deployments
 Understanding of modeling languages (e.g., Python) in order to translate to production level code


 Bonus Qualifications
 Skills we are looking for but are not required

 GPU Analytics and GPU accelerated database technology
 Apache services (Hadoop, Accumulo, ELK Stack, Athena, etc.)
 Security best practices
 Machine learning techniques
 Prior experience deploying image and signal processing algorithms for various sensing modalities, including SAR, electro-optical imagery, RF, or others
 GIS
 Systems architecture
 Networking/Systems Administration


 Location

 We are headquartered in Ithaca, NY and have a remote workforce in other locations.


 We recommend you include:

 Resume
 Cover letter
 Developer portfolio sample
 Code/git portfolio sample
 Any other personal projects you wish to share


 Benefits and Perks
 Competitive Compensation
 Flexible PTO
 Stock Options
 401(k) Match
 Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
 Life Insurance
 Paid Holidays
 And more…

 One of our company values is to empower diversity, equity, and inclusivity. Ursa Space Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
zHqft7UBwG


Software Developer Court Appearance Professionals provides legal services to law firms nationwide. We're seeking creative and innovative individuals for a position developing software for internal use and in our web based application.
This job can be performed remotely. Applicants nationwide are welcomed.
2+ years experience preferred. Bachelors degree or higher in computer science or related required.
Skills required:

ASP.NET
C#, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery
Visual Studio
MS SQL Server
Experience with source control (Git preferred)

Skills preferred:

RESTful API experience
Web Services
CSS
Bootstrap
ReactJS
Visual Basic
Azure SQL, Azure App Service, other Azure services
Experience with Dev Ops for issue tracking

We're an established company with a start-up feel looking to grow our software development team to improve our current applications and develop new ones.
Salary ranging from $82k to $102k depending upon experience.
Work Remotely

Yes

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $82,000.00 - $102,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:We anticipate remote work to continue post pandemic. Employees who are not local to our office may be expected to visit the office during the year, but this should be infrequent if at all.
Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   Who is Recruiting from Scratch:
  

    Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more. 
  

   If you are a fit, the team will reach out to you about this role or any others that may be a fit for our clients. 
  
About Our Client 

   Our client's mission is to create a new standard for mental health delivery, accessible to people and sustainable for providers. They are broadening access to care through offering increased service types (coaching, groups, therapy), measurement-based care, and insurance-funded care. Now more than ever, we are looking to address mental health needs of our communities. They are VC-backed and was founded in 2018 with footprints in New York and California, as well as virtually nationwide. 
  
About The Role 

   Our client is looking for a full-stack engineer to help us develop the systems and tools needed to support clients seeking care, providers offering care, and the operational team and infrastructure to support the two. We are a small but growing team who work primarily remotely, using Next.js (React), Django on PostgreSQL, and GraphQL to bring everything together. 
  
Qualifications 

Experience developing and deploying with React 
Experience developing and deploying Python applications into production environments with a preference for Django 
Familiarity with modern web technologies (such as JSON, HTTP2, WebSockets, HTML, JavaScript, CSS) 
Experience relational database systems like PostgreSQL or MySQL 
Experience integrating and synchronizing data with third-party APIs 
A preference for writing quality code with automated testing and leaving the codebase better than how you found it 
Experience with continuous delivery and troubleshooting production code 
Comfortable communicating with engineers, clinical, and operations staff to solve open-ended problems 
Interest in doing mission-oriented work especially in the healthcare space 

Nice to Have 

Experience with infrastructure-as-code & continuous deployment in production 
Maintained security initiatives such as penetration testing or bug bounty programs 
Experience working with healthcare, healthcare technology, and clinical staff, or other regulated industries 



Benefits: PTO, Healthcare, and more
   

 Base Salary Range: $150,000 to $200,000
   



WHO WE ARE
Tealium is the most trusted and world’s largest independent customer data platform. Tealium connects customer data – spanning web, mobile, offline, and IoT devices — so brands can connect with their customers. Tealium’s turnkey integration ecosystem supports more than 1,300 client-side and server-side vendors and technologies, empowering brands to create a unified, real-time customer data infrastructure.
Tealium’s customer data solutions encompass tag management, an API hub, a customer data platform with machine learning and AI, and data management solutions that make customer data more valuable, actionable, and secure. Tealium has been a trusted provider of customer data solutions for more than a decade, and more than 850 top businesses worldwide including Microsoft, Hyatt, Gap, HSBC and Novartis rely on Tealium to power their customer data strategies.
Team Tealium works and lives across the U.S. and in nearly 20 countries across the world. We are intentional about our culture, our investment in our team members and how we care and connect.
Tealium = Teal + Helium. Teal: a vibrant reflection that evokes authenticity, trustworthiness, reliability, open communication and clarity of thought. Helium: we rise above, a kinetic force that elevates our customers’ and our experiences beyond all others.
We win together with respect and appreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people who contribute to each of these.
*WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: *
The Mid-Level Java Software Engineer position will be responsible for designing and implementing software solutions aimed at solving real-time, customer data delivery challenges. Through seamless inbound and outbound connectors with major digital marketing vendors, Tealium's UDH allows our customers to take action on their visitors in real-time based on behavior. This lets them maximize the value from each visitor by creating personalized content and product offers, as well as highly targeted re-marketing campaigns.We are open to remote candidates.
*YOUR DAY TO DAY: *
Working closely with other software engineers, architects, operations engineers, and product managers. Participating in our Agile/SCRUM process. Creating designs to support short, iterative delivery cycles. Contributing to architectural design decisions. Participating in operational related discussions. Contributing to test plans. Conducting and participating in group code reviews, ensuring high-quality coding standards across the team. Designing maintainable, testable code with high test coverage requirements. Adding integration and acceptance test coverage to new features. Evaluating and investigating alternatives to existing solutions, proposing new designs and technologies.
*WHY YOU ARE THE PERFECT FIT: *
*BS, MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline.

3+ years Java development experience.
Strong knowledge of modern software engineering principles, patterns and best-practices
Understanding of micro-services architectures.
Experience designing and supporting high traffic, highly available systems.
Strong communication skills. The ability to effectively explain technical concepts to team members, architects and team leads.
Extensive experience deploying software to a cloud platform environment. AWS, GCP, and Azure
Understanding of modern Dev-Ops concepts. Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless, Terraform.
Experience with NoSQL, as well as relational data stores. DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, Mysql, RedshiftDB, Redis, Cassandra, Snowflake, etc.
Experience with distributed messaging and streaming technologies, RabbitMQ, Kinesis, Kafka.
Some exposure to Hadoop, Hive, Spark, PrestoDB.
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision.

*WHAT ARE SOME OF THE WOWs ABOUT TEALIUM*
At Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary:

Tealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at Tealium
Mosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countries
Tealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annually
Tealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environment
Tealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants
Tealium Time, unlimited paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidays
Healium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellness
Healium Be-Well Break, an annual all-company paid shutdown to provide a true break for us all
Tealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programs
Health and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programs

Collectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences, heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form the mosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.
The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity.
#LI-Remote

Offerings vary by level and location.

Job Type: Full-time

NOTE: No Interview only Coder Test for JAVA 
Location: Dallas TX/New York NY/Alpharetta GA
Job Description

The Role As part of our global team you will work on various components as a Software Engineer
Your role includes specification development as well as the testing and rollout of new features
You are expected to contribute to the vision understand our product roadmap integrate business value with experience and contribute to building an engineering culture within the team
We expect the successful candidate to deliver high quality software and to be passionate about software engineering
You must have a proficient understanding of software development concepts
A good understanding of the Cloud concepts is a plus
You will also be responsible to develop easy to support software and liaise with our SRE Site Reliability Engineering team to factor in their requirements

Responsibilities and Qualifications

Manage multiple tasks and use sound judgment when prioritizing
Collaborate with global cross functional teams in building customer centric products
Analyse existing software implementations to identify areas of improvement and provide deadline estimates for implementing new features
Update and maintain documentation for team processes best practices and software runbooks
Establish trusted partnerships with peers product heads and executive level stakeholders
Must be passionate about technology and engineering
Exceptional analytical skills and ability to apply knowledge and experience in decision making to arrive at creative and commercial solutions
Ability to leverage technology to deliver business value
Must be independent and comfortable in a fast paced ambiguous and often multi directional work environment

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

We are looking for minimum 7-10 years of relevant professional experience using a modern programming language preferably Java Scala
Experience with Databases SQL or no SQL BS or higher in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Strong analytical skills
Experience leveraging test driven development methodologies
Comfort with Agile operating models practical experience of Scrum Kanban
Team oriented
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Energetic self-directed and self-motivated

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with microservice architectures SOA
Experience with Kafka MongoDB Hadoop Cassandra
Experience with Payments systems, understanding of the various payment networks
Experience with SQL databases PostgreSQL Oracle Sybase
Experience with AWS Azure
Experience in Financial Services or Fintech

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Signing bonus

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Citrix builds the secure digital workspace technology that frees 400,000 customers to do their very best work from anywhere. By joining our award-winning workplace, you’ll be included in the globally diverse, collaborative team that values work-life balance. Come see why Fortune named us one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For®. Let’s innovate and grow together!

 What we're looking for:
 Citrix Mission
 At Citrix, our Mission is to deliver an intelligent digital Citrix Workspace Experience that Empowers all Employees with Unified, Secure, and Reliable Access to all the Work Resources and Applications needed to be Productive and Do their Best Work – Anytime. Anywhere. Citrix provides Work Solutions for any Workspace Platforms and Seamless Integration Across all Apps. Citrix provides products and IT (Information Technology) solutions to collaborate work management, provides modern and consistent User experience across all devices and through application integration, workflow automation and our cloud-based technology and zero trust security, enabling our Clients and End Users with the best Enterprise Performance, Modernization, and Security!

 The World of Work is Constantly Changing and Evolving. At Citrix, we continued to Revolutionize and Build the Digital Workspace Technology that helps People and Organizations adapt to whatever comes next. Every day you'll have new opportunities to Grow and Innovate in ways that will make Work Better for Millions of People around the World. Citrix has been Ranked #11 on The Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology in 2021. Thousands of Organizations around the World Trust Citrix to keep their apps available, their data safe, and their people productive—wherever and whenever work happens.

 More than 400,000 Companies around the World, including 98 Percent of the Fortune 500, rely on Citrix Digital Workspace Solutions to provide secure, reliable access to the applications and information their employees need to engage and be productive, with over 100 Million Users Worldwide.

 What we are looking for

 You are Software Engineer that is well rounded in the practice of driving innovation and managing the entire software development application life cycle. You enrich teams with their ability to work on the current need: front-end development, back-end development, and anything in between. You are a self-driven, proactive, enthusiastic Software Engineer with a passion for technology and have a can-do attitude. You are a team player with strong written and verbal communication skills You're passionate about implementing functionality in incremental slices of value for the purpose of delighting the client’s and customers/end-users. Innovation, creativity, and a passion for ever-improving performance drive our company and our people forward. Finally, you thrive in a collaborative environment and understand the power of a team over the individual. If this sounds like you, we would love to talk to you!

 Position Overview

 We are looking for a Software Engineer with a minumum of 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming Languages: C# Net and Java. Experienced in developing Backend-Services; Micro-Services, Rest API OR Web API. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a talented team of Software Professionals to create innovative cloud solutions. Responsibilities range from conceptualizing ideas, targeted research with rapid prototyping to determine feasibility, risk evaluation and then create well-thought-out software designs and implementation. You will work with the latest Virtualization and Cloud Platform/ Infrastructure, advancing towards the Citrix Vision of Consumer Driven access to Applications, Desktops and Cloud Computing.

 A passion for solving problems, can work in a collaborative and dynamic work environment to deliver innovative solutions that enable our customers to transform their business by leveraging the latest technologies. This Software Engineering Team Culture is a unique blend that combines the structured vision and process maturity of a well-established software company with the innovation, dynamism, and vibrancy of a startup. In this position, you will be developing leading edge software alongside a very talented team of software professionals to create innovative cloud solutions.

 Role Responsibilities

 Collaborate with Product Managers, Product Design, DevOps, and Product Security teams to understand requirements for software development in a Scaled Agile environment.
 Full stack development; implement front-end and back-end business logic for new features.
 This role will be heavily leaning Back-end technologies, with about 80% work done with Backend Development.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your EndUsers.
 Help to design, build and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise performance, modernization, and security.
 Working as a part of an Agile software development teams.
 Compose and maintain detailed design specifications and component documents.
 Design alongside a team of engineers focusing on 'design first' thinking while incorporating different end user personas.
 Takes pride in their work in delivering and deploying software applications that matters to your End-Users.
 Help to design, build, and roll out modern and consistent User-Experience across all devices with the best enterprise Cloud performance, modernization, and security.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Embrace and institute best practices and coding standards.


 Basic Qualifications

 Bachelors or Master’s degree or equivalent in a technical field preferred degree in Computer Science.
 Minimum 1 - 2 years of work experience with Object-Oriented Programming language with C# and Net Technologies.
 Demonstrated work experience developing Backend-Services; Micro-services or Cloud Services or Rest API and Web API.
 Fundamental understanding with Cloud Computing platforms; Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS. .
 Demonstrated experience in writing clean code in large codebases.
 Strong fundamental understanding of Computer Science Fundamentals; Algorithms, Data Structures.
 Embrace and implement Agile Development Framework and Methodologies.


 Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with Frontend Technologies; JavaScript, Angular or React is good to have.
 Performance-drive, multi-tenant application development is good to have.
 Experience working in a development environment that uses CI/CD is good to have.
 Experience with databases preferably SQL or NoSQL.


 Candidates should preferably be

 Willing to work on diverse products and projects, each requiring different technologies, methodologies and approaches.
 Willing to continuously learn and improve in a dynamic environment through external courses, internal courses, mentoring with highly experienced and skilled engineers and/or on-the-job training on projects.
 Willing to work on the latest virtualization and cloud technologies, advancing towards the Citrix vision of consumer driven access to applications, desktops and cloud-based computing. You will also receive general guidance on work that may span multiple disciplines of software engineering while following established practices and procedures.
 Familiar with cloud computing technologies such as Microsoft Azure or Amazon AWS.


 Personal Qualities we look for

 Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Self-motivated individuals, with a strong desire to learn and develop.
 Can handle ambiguity well, has a growth mindset and is a team player with a passion for technology.
 A can-do positive, pro-active attitude.


 Why Work for Citrix

 Come and work with one of the most Innovative and Forward-Thinking Technology Companies on Planet Earth! You will get to work alongside some of the Brightest, Most Talented, and Passionate People in the World. As a member of team, you'll be uniquely and strategically positioned to work on cool and exciting projects that will have a direct impact for our Customers in numerous Industries, well into the Future!

 At Citrix, we want to help set you up for a successful career with us. We support Ideation, Experimentation, Innovation and Collaboration to Build Innovative IT Products and Solutions. We’re obsessed about making our Customers and End Users Happy. We are an Innovative Engine for our Colleagues, Communities, Customers and End-Users in the Digital Marketplace!

 Citrix's Pillars of Core Values are Integrity, Respect, Curiosity, Courage and Unity. The Work at Citrix is exhilarating, and that’s what makes it a whole lot of fun!
 Apply Today!

 Functional Area:

 Software Development
   What you’re looking for: Everyone is welcome at Citrix. We prioritize diversity, equity, inclusion, and a culture of belonging, and celebrate bringing our courageous, authentic selves to work. We believe this way of working helps us innovate, and it’s just one of the reasons why our employees continuously recognize Citrix as a great place to work.
 Citrix helps make work more sustainable to benefit the planet, our business, and our communities. For more than 30 years, we have empowered individuals and organizations to work remotely or work from anywhere, reducing commuting emissions and energy consumption in the process.
 We are the #1 leader in Virtual Client Computing (VCC) and #2 in the Application Delivery Controller (ADC) space, and we have key partnerships with top cloud providers. We’ll give you the tools, learning opportunities, mentorship, and flexibility to achieve your goals. Come see why you belong at Citrix, with our culture supporting purposeful innovation and growth from within.

 The Benefits We offer a competitive total rewards package* that includes:

 18 weeks of paid parental leave
Health and wellness benefits
Employee assistance program
Retirement benefits
Education assistance
Time off and absence programs
Professional development and mentorship opportunities
Paid volunteer time and charitable matching of employee donations
Employee resource groups
And more!

 **Please note that benefits may vary based on location.

 Citrix Systems, Inc. is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and to compliance with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of age, race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, genetic carrier status, disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, marital status, protected veteran status and other protected classifications.

 Citrix uses applicant information consistent with the Citrix Recruitment Policy Notice at https://www.citrix.com/about/legal/privacy/citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.html

 Citrix welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Reasonable accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the job application process, please contact us at (877) 924-8749 or email us at ASKHR@citrix.com for assistance.

 By applying, you are giving Citrix consent to be considered for future openings of other roles of similar qualifications.



Backend Software Engineer

 About Ursa Space Systems
 Ursa Space Systems is building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global intelligence to organizations around the world. Through our SAR/EO/RF satellite network, and data fusion expertise, Ursa Space detects real-time changes in the physical world to expand transparency. Our subscription and custom services enable you to access satellite imagery and analytic results with no geographic, political or weather-related limitations.

 Job Summary
 Ursa is looking for skilled software engineers to join our growing team! We are building ground-breaking solutions to deliver global economic intelligence to organizations around the world. There is a lot of cross-pollination here at Ursa Space. You will have the opportunity to work with a diverse team of highly-skilled developers, working on a variety of projects. There are no egos here - we are looking for the best ideas and are eager to hear your input!
 This position will report directly to the Platform Team Manager.
 The ideal candidate will bring experience in developing and deploying data-driven web service technologies in support of both internal systems and customer-facing applications.

 Job Responsibilities

 Contribute to an agile development team building service-oriented infrastructure to support production and distribution of Ursa product line
 Take proof-of-concept algorithms and analytic designs and generate robust and efficient software implementations to run within a containerized software platform space
 Design and implement efficient, modular, well-documented and well-tested code
 Support the product development team to implement customer requirements
 Learn new technologies
 Participate in design discussions and code reviews
 Communicate effectively and collaborate frequently with peers
 All other duties as assigned


 Requirements

 B.Sc. or M.S. in Computer Science, Information Science, or other engineering discipline in which software development is a focus.


 Preferred Skills
 You should be familiar with some of these - you are not expected to be an expert in all:

 Linux
 Java microservices
 RESTful services
 NoSQL and/or SQL databases (Mongo, MySQL, Redis, Postgres, Athena)
 Cloud services (AWS, Google Cloud Platform)
 Kubernetes, Docker, at-scale deployments
 Understanding of modeling languages (e.g., Python) in order to translate to production level code


 Bonus Qualifications
 Skills we are looking for but are not required

 GPU Analytics and GPU accelerated database technology
 Apache services (Hadoop, Accumulo, ELK Stack, Athena, etc.)
 Security best practices
 Machine learning techniques
 Prior experience deploying image and signal processing algorithms for various sensing modalities, including SAR, electro-optical imagery, RF, or others
 GIS
 Systems architecture
 Networking/Systems Administration


 Location

 We are headquartered in Ithaca, NY and have a remote workforce in other locations.


 We recommend you include:

 Resume
 Cover letter
 Developer portfolio sample
 Code/git portfolio sample
 Any other personal projects you wish to share


 Benefits and Perks
 Competitive Compensation
 Flexible PTO
 Stock Options
 401(k) Match
 Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
 Life Insurance
 Paid Holidays
 And more…

 One of our company values is to empower diversity, equity, and inclusivity. Ursa Space Systems is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.
 
zHqft7UBwG


Software Developer Court Appearance Professionals provides legal services to law firms nationwide. We're seeking creative and innovative individuals for a position developing software for internal use and in our web based application.
This job can be performed remotely. Applicants nationwide are welcomed.
2+ years experience preferred. Bachelors degree or higher in computer science or related required.
Skills required:

ASP.NET
C#, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery
Visual Studio
MS SQL Server
Experience with source control (Git preferred)

Skills preferred:

RESTful API experience
Web Services
CSS
Bootstrap
ReactJS
Visual Basic
Azure SQL, Azure App Service, other Azure services
Experience with Dev Ops for issue tracking

We're an established company with a start-up feel looking to grow our software development team to improve our current applications and develop new ones.
Salary ranging from $82k to $102k depending upon experience.
Work Remotely

Yes

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $82,000.00 - $102,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:We anticipate remote work to continue post pandemic. Employees who are not local to our office may be expected to visit the office during the year, but this should be infrequent if at all.
Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   Who is Recruiting from Scratch:
  

    Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more. 
  

   If you are a fit, the team will reach out to you about this role or any others that may be a fit for our clients. 
  
About Our Client 

   Our client's mission is to create a new standard for mental health delivery, accessible to people and sustainable for providers. They are broadening access to care through offering increased service types (coaching, groups, therapy), measurement-based care, and insurance-funded care. Now more than ever, we are looking to address mental health needs of our communities. They are VC-backed and was founded in 2018 with footprints in New York and California, as well as virtually nationwide. 
  
About The Role 

   Our client is looking for a full-stack engineer to help us develop the systems and tools needed to support clients seeking care, providers offering care, and the operational team and infrastructure to support the two. We are a small but growing team who work primarily remotely, using Next.js (React), Django on PostgreSQL, and GraphQL to bring everything together. 
  
Qualifications 

Experience developing and deploying with React 
Experience developing and deploying Python applications into production environments with a preference for Django 
Familiarity with modern web technologies (such as JSON, HTTP2, WebSockets, HTML, JavaScript, CSS) 
Experience relational database systems like PostgreSQL or MySQL 
Experience integrating and synchronizing data with third-party APIs 
A preference for writing quality code with automated testing and leaving the codebase better than how you found it 
Experience with continuous delivery and troubleshooting production code 
Comfortable communicating with engineers, clinical, and operations staff to solve open-ended problems 
Interest in doing mission-oriented work especially in the healthcare space 

Nice to Have 

Experience with infrastructure-as-code & continuous deployment in production 
Maintained security initiatives such as penetration testing or bug bounty programs 
Experience working with healthcare, healthcare technology, and clinical staff, or other regulated industries 



Benefits: PTO, Healthcare, and more
   

 Base Salary Range: $150,000 to $200,000
   



WHO WE ARE
Tealium is the most trusted and world’s largest independent customer data platform. Tealium connects customer data – spanning web, mobile, offline, and IoT devices — so brands can connect with their customers. Tealium’s turnkey integration ecosystem supports more than 1,300 client-side and server-side vendors and technologies, empowering brands to create a unified, real-time customer data infrastructure.
Tealium’s customer data solutions encompass tag management, an API hub, a customer data platform with machine learning and AI, and data management solutions that make customer data more valuable, actionable, and secure. Tealium has been a trusted provider of customer data solutions for more than a decade, and more than 850 top businesses worldwide including Microsoft, Hyatt, Gap, HSBC and Novartis rely on Tealium to power their customer data strategies.
Team Tealium works and lives across the U.S. and in nearly 20 countries across the world. We are intentional about our culture, our investment in our team members and how we care and connect.
Tealium = Teal + Helium. Teal: a vibrant reflection that evokes authenticity, trustworthiness, reliability, open communication and clarity of thought. Helium: we rise above, a kinetic force that elevates our customers’ and our experiences beyond all others.
We win together with respect and appreciation for the talents required of all positions and the people who contribute to each of these.
*WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR: *
The Mid-Level Java Software Engineer position will be responsible for designing and implementing software solutions aimed at solving real-time, customer data delivery challenges. Through seamless inbound and outbound connectors with major digital marketing vendors, Tealium's UDH allows our customers to take action on their visitors in real-time based on behavior. This lets them maximize the value from each visitor by creating personalized content and product offers, as well as highly targeted re-marketing campaigns.We are open to remote candidates.
*YOUR DAY TO DAY: *
Working closely with other software engineers, architects, operations engineers, and product managers. Participating in our Agile/SCRUM process. Creating designs to support short, iterative delivery cycles. Contributing to architectural design decisions. Participating in operational related discussions. Contributing to test plans. Conducting and participating in group code reviews, ensuring high-quality coding standards across the team. Designing maintainable, testable code with high test coverage requirements. Adding integration and acceptance test coverage to new features. Evaluating and investigating alternatives to existing solutions, proposing new designs and technologies.
*WHY YOU ARE THE PERFECT FIT: *
*BS, MS in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related discipline.

3+ years Java development experience.
Strong knowledge of modern software engineering principles, patterns and best-practices
Understanding of micro-services architectures.
Experience designing and supporting high traffic, highly available systems.
Strong communication skills. The ability to effectively explain technical concepts to team members, architects and team leads.
Extensive experience deploying software to a cloud platform environment. AWS, GCP, and Azure
Understanding of modern Dev-Ops concepts. Docker, Kubernetes, Serverless, Terraform.
Experience with NoSQL, as well as relational data stores. DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, Mysql, RedshiftDB, Redis, Cassandra, Snowflake, etc.
Experience with distributed messaging and streaming technologies, RabbitMQ, Kinesis, Kafka.
Some exposure to Hadoop, Hive, Spark, PrestoDB.
Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision.

*WHAT ARE SOME OF THE WOWs ABOUT TEALIUM*
At Tealium, we don’t just offer the ordinary, we provide the extraordinary:

Tealium WOWs (Ways of Work), our award winning culture is how with think, act and connect together at Tealium
Mosaic, our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion is grounded in our mosaic of diverse perspectives and shared belonging as we live in work across the US and in nearly 20 countries
Tealium Cares, to promote caring in our communities, 15 hours of paid work time for volunteer activities and programs is offered annually
Tealium Connects (remote-first working), enabling many of us to choose where we do our best work and offering new hire stipends to assist with purchasing things we need to support a successful home office environment
Tealium Ownership, share in the success of Tealium by becoming an owner of Tealium beginning with new hire equity grants
Tealium Time, unlimited paid time-off policy to offer flexibility to take time when needed and robust leave programs, including extended paid parental leave and company holidays
Healium, health and wellness programs to help us be our best selves in the experiences of health, physical, mental, social, and even financial well-being and wellness
Healium Be-Well Break, an annual all-company paid shutdown to provide a true break for us all
Tealium LIFT (Learning is Facilitated at Tealium), offering a myriad of professional development opportunities with over 6,000 courses available on demand to best-in-class manager and leadership development programs
Health and Related Benefits Programs, offering market competitive benefits programs

Collectively, we contribute our individual pieces (identity, experiences, heritage, backgrounds, religions, viewpoints, gender and more ) to form the mosaic of Team Tealium. It is our continuing philosophy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. Tealium does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.
The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium’s solutions makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity.
#LI-Remote

Offerings vary by level and location.

Job Type: Full-time

NOTE: No Interview only Coder Test for JAVA 
Location: Dallas TX/New York NY/Alpharetta GA
Job Description

The Role As part of our global team you will work on various components as a Software Engineer
Your role includes specification development as well as the testing and rollout of new features
You are expected to contribute to the vision understand our product roadmap integrate business value with experience and contribute to building an engineering culture within the team
We expect the successful candidate to deliver high quality software and to be passionate about software engineering
You must have a proficient understanding of software development concepts
A good understanding of the Cloud concepts is a plus
You will also be responsible to develop easy to support software and liaise with our SRE Site Reliability Engineering team to factor in their requirements

Responsibilities and Qualifications

Manage multiple tasks and use sound judgment when prioritizing
Collaborate with global cross functional teams in building customer centric products
Analyse existing software implementations to identify areas of improvement and provide deadline estimates for implementing new features
Update and maintain documentation for team processes best practices and software runbooks
Establish trusted partnerships with peers product heads and executive level stakeholders
Must be passionate about technology and engineering
Exceptional analytical skills and ability to apply knowledge and experience in decision making to arrive at creative and commercial solutions
Ability to leverage technology to deliver business value
Must be independent and comfortable in a fast paced ambiguous and often multi directional work environment

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

We are looking for minimum 7-10 years of relevant professional experience using a modern programming language preferably Java Scala
Experience with Databases SQL or no SQL BS or higher in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
Strong analytical skills
Experience leveraging test driven development methodologies
Comfort with Agile operating models practical experience of Scrum Kanban
Team oriented
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Energetic self-directed and self-motivated

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with microservice architectures SOA
Experience with Kafka MongoDB Hadoop Cassandra
Experience with Payments systems, understanding of the various payment networks
Experience with SQL databases PostgreSQL Oracle Sybase
Experience with AWS Azure
Experience in Financial Services or Fintech

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Signing bonus

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We're looking for an entry-level developer with at least one live personal project using Laravel. We're going to provide all the training you need to adapt, and no professional experience is required. Bonus points if you have experience with React. Must be able to receive a W2 in the United States.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $20.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Please provide a link where we can see your live project.

Experience:

Laravel: 1 year (Required)
PHP: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Job Title: Avaya Cloud Engineer
Location: Remote

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent related experience in the field of telecommunications
At least 3 years supporting cloud based telephony solutions
Passionate about telecommunications and the new era of cloud-based telephony
Know the ins and outs of IP protocols (TCP, UDP, TLS, etc.)
Knowledge/experience debugging technical issues (PSTN, SIP, etc.), and love to dive into solutions by "sitting down and figuring it out".
Skilled at partnering with both technical and non-technical customers to explain, implement, or troubleshoot product-related items
Experience supporting remote end-users
Ability to track work within an online ticketing system
Experience supporting Avaya OneCloud applications
Ability to work remotely and be part of an engineering team
Self starter with great time management
Experience with deploying and installation of Avaya OneCloud solutions
Ability to work various hours depending on project needs
Rotating on call schedule

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $70,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

About TalaTala is a global technology company building the world’s most accessible financial services. With more than $350 million raised from visionary investors, we are serving millions of customers around the world who have been overlooked by traditional financial institutions – and our plan is to serve millions more, and have been named by the Fortune Impact 20 list, CNBC’s Disruptor 50, and Forbes’ Fintech 50 list for four years running. We are expanding across product offerings, countries and crypto and are looking for people who have an entrepreneurial spirit and are passionate about the mission.
By creating a unique platform that enables lending and other financial services around the globe, people in emerging markets are able to start and expand small businesses, manage day-to-day needs, and pursue their financial goals with confidence. Currently, more than 6 million people across Kenya, the Philippines, Mexico, and India have used Tala products. Due to our global team, we have a remote-first approach, and also have offices in Santa Monica, CA (HQ); Nairobi, Kenya; Mexico City, Mexico; Manila, the Philippines; and Bangalore, India.
Most Talazens join us because they connect with our mission of enabling financial agency for underbanked people around the world. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Tala, we’d love to hear from you!
The Engineering Manager will lead an Engineering Squad to unlock financial capabilities for Tala’s customers and those globally underrepresented. As an Engineering Manager, you will own a functional or architectural domain within the Accounts Engineering group, where you will lead a cross-functional team and collaborate with several other squads to provide customer value. The ideal candidate will have a track record of promoting a DevOps culture and acceptance test-driven development.This is a technical leadership role within Tala’s technical track. You will report to the Director of Engineering and collaborate cross-functionally with all Tala teams across the globe.

Bring together a full-stack team comprised of Backend, Android, and SDETs to continually deliver on market initiatives with quality
Own initiatives across squads to successfully deliver customer impact
Continually improve the relationship and integration with our third party partners
Contribute to the Engineering roadmap and help set the vision for the group
Mentor and grow Engineers
Partner with the Program Management to continually improve the SDLC and development processes
Partner with Product Management to improve requirements gathering and Engineering’s understanding of what needs to be built
3+ years as an IC Engineer in Java, Scala, PHP, Go, Python
3+ years directly managing software engineer FTEs
Delivered cross-functional products in a timely manner
Worked with stakeholders to deliver on definitions of done
Deep experience building complex, scalable backend systems
Have implemented and are familiar with RESTful API implementation, SOA and microservices
Knowledge of RDBMS and NoSQL databases (including best practices around design and modeling)
Experience using open source technologies
Experience utilizing AWS
Excellent mentoring skills
Ability to partner with non-technical business peers in meetings and working sessions

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: From $200,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

10 hour shift
8 hour shift
Monday to Friday
On call

Supplemental Pay:

Signing bonus

Work Location: Remote


FloSports has led the way in establishing a world-class digital streaming experience for millions of fans, families and athletes of over 25 different underserved sports. Imagine creating a digital platform that unites the casual fan with the most dedicated spectator, both experiencing thrilling live events from around the world with interactive features, real time analytics, powerful broadcast technology and more. Combine that with our unique original sports content ranging from breaking news and expert commentary to feature films, documentaries and multi-episodic series. That’s what FloSports is all about. We have successfully revolutionized the global sports media industry- the result of creating a diverse team of technologists and die-hard wrestlers, creators and devoted cheerleading experts, designers and hockey enthusiasts, communicators and motorsport fanatics, producers and casual sports fans… united by a shared passion to delight the underrepresented communities we serve. We are creating a home for underserved sports and we’re looking for people like you to help us! FloSports, a leader and innovator in sports media with millions of athletes & fans worldwide, is currently seeking a passionate Full-Stack Software Engineer to join the Web App team.
 We are open to remote candidates for this role.
 THE ROLE:
 As an engineer on the Web App team, you'll work alongside fellow engineers, product, and design to create compelling mobile-first web experiences welcoming in new customers and engaging our growing subscriber base in helping them truly "Be There" in the action. Create & maintain the next generation of the FloSports Web App with real-time stats, results, live streams, & rich personalized video content using your knowledge of JavaScript/TypeScript, consistent UI components, testing, and API design. You will also play a role in implementing experiments (A/B tests) allowing the team to take a data-informed approach in positively impacting new customer experiences.
 People who are successful on this team are self-motivated, team-minded engineers with passion and grit for both business and technological innovation. We work with Angular 13, TypeScript, NestJS, Node.js, Redis, Docker, and Kubernetes across AWS & Google Cloud. The ability to embrace, learn, and adapt to changing technology is an important characteristic. Does this sound like something you'd like to do? Awesome, let's talk!
 RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Collaborate on a team always learning from other engineers, product managers, and designers to design, build, & maintain experiences that attract & impact millions of sports fans
 Iterate on full-stack features alongside others to continuously learn and deliver value to our customers (we deploy multiple times a day!)
 Anticipate problems & proactively suggest architecture to stay ahead
 Deliver well-designed, yet pragmatic solutions that teammates want to build upon

 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:

 3+ years of full-time software engineering experience
 Have a growing expertise with CSS, TypeScript, and a modern framework that promotes performant, reusable, component-based app architectures such as Angular, React, or Vue
 Have experience integrating front-end UIs with JSON APIs
 Experience building API services using Node.js, PHP, Python, or Go
 Comfortable partnering closely with designers to better align your work with their concepts and guide design to ensure technical feasibility
 Focus on quality and help improve others' ability to deliver high-quality work
 Efficiently learn new concepts, manage your productivity, and desire to improve yourself, your team, and our products
 Passionate about building effective, delightful customer experiences
 Seek out others' opinions to further your growth

 BONUS POINTS:

 Experience with functional programming & developing using RxJS reactive architecture
 Familiarity with TypeORM and the NestJS Node.js framework
 Have production experience with Node.js
 Experience using containers, Docker, or Kubernetes
 Have used caching technology like Redis or similar key-value stores & CDNs

 OUR COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY: At FloSports, we are bonded by our passion for sports and our purpose to unite communities around experiences that finally give underserved sports the love they deserve. We recognize the need to build a company that seeks out, embraces, and celebrates our individual differences, ideas, and talent. FloSports is committed to the pursuit of a fair, equal and inclusive workplace where everyone is given the opportunity to grow to their fullest potential. As such, we are intentional in our hiring practices in an effort to overcome systemic biases we may be blind to. FloSports has adopted the “blind recruiting” process, which aims to open our opportunities up to more candidates, help us be more objective in how we review applicants and mitigate bias in our decision making processes.
 OUR BENEFITS:

 Recognized two years in a row as a Top Workplace by the Austin-American Statesman
 Flexibility at work - you can take control of your profession and personal schedule
 Strong remote work culture
 All-hands events hosted twice a year in beautiful Austin, Texas
 Annual equity awards for all top performers
 Competitive and comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans
 Peace of mind through company-paid short-term disability, long-term disability and life insurance
 Generous 401(K) company match vested immediately
 Progressive parental leave policies
 Unlimited paid time off
 Hack-a-thons and a full calendar of team-building and social events
 Free laundry service for all positions that require travel
 Company donation to youth teams and leagues that our employees coach
 Stocked snack bar, catered lunch and breakfast tacos every week


Fully Remote Position (U.S. Based)

Secberus, Inc. is a fast-growing Software-as-a-Service provider of an enterprise-class Cloud Governance platform. Our software is applicable to a wide range of business functions, although we have initially focused on cloud security and compliance. We are headquartered in Miami, FL with staff working remotely across the USA. We're looking for motivated and exceptional people to continue building our great team.

Job Details

Theb Software Engineer is responsible for developing, maintaining, and optimizing the Secberus products and platform. This includes infrastructure design and management as well as software engineering. This position offers the opportunity to take ideas from conception to reality, building features end-to-end in an agile process. This is a great opportunity for the right individual to be a part of a high-caliber team in a fast-paced, results-driven environment.

Responsibilities

Participate in developing the overall design and architecture of our platform.

Participate in project planning efforts to coordinate development work.

Design, code, document, and test new features and bug fixes.

Build scalable, maintainable software and systems.

Collaborate effectively with engineers, designers, and stakeholders.

Mentor other engineers.

Meet deadlines and ship code.

Qualifications

At least 2 years of working experience as a software engineer focused on the backend.

Must have experience developing serverless applications.

Experience creating software in a Cloud Computing environment (AWS, GCP & Azure - AWS preferred).

Demonstrable expertise with software development best practices, including developing secure software.

Ability to work in a dynamic, agile environment.

Ability to work independently and in a team environment.

Experience working in a startup and remote environment is preferred.

Compensation

Competitive Base Salary(DOE) + ESOP + benefits
Amdocs has unlimited time off!! We are not sponsoring at this time, no C2C.Who are we?
If you’re a smartphone user then you are part of an ever more connected and digital world. At Amdocs, we are leading the digital revolution into the future. From virtualized telecommunications networks, Big Data and Internet of Things to mobile financial services, billing and operational support systems, we are continually evolving our business to help you become more connected. We make sure that when you watch a video on YouTube, message friends on Snapchat or send your images on Instagram, you get great service anytime, anywhere, and on any device. We are at the heart of the telecommunications industry working with giants such as AT&T, Vodafone, Telstra and Telefonica, helping them create an amazing new world for you where technology is being used in amazing new ways every single day.In one sentenceResponsible for the design, development, modification, debugging and/or maintenance of software systems. Works on specific modules, applications or technologies, and deals with sophisticated assignments during the software development process. Must have Full stack cloud, Java, and Microservices experience!
What will your job look like?

Be accountable for and own specific modules within an application and provide technical support and guidance during solution design for new requirements, problem resolution for critical / complex issues while ensuring code is maintainable, scalable and supportable.
Present demos of the software products to partners and internal/external customers, using technical knowledge to influence the direction and evolution of the product/solution.
Investigate issues by reviewing/debugging code and providing fixes (analyzes and fixes bugs) and workarounds, will review changes for operability to maintain existing software solutions, will highlight risks and will help mitigate risks from technical aspects.
Bring continuous improvements/efficiencies to the software or business processes by utilizing software engineering tools and various innovative techniques, and reusing existing solutions. By means of automation, reduces design complexity, reduces time to response, and simplifies the client/end-user experience.
Represent/lead discussions related to product/application/modules/team (for example, leads technical design reviews). Establishes relationships with internal customers/partners

All you need is...

Bachelor's degree in Science/IT/Computing or equivalent and 7-8 years' experience as a software engineer or a software support engineer.
Awareness of programming concepts and ability to write software code in at least one programming language.

Why you will love this job: 

The chance to serve as a specialist in software and technology.
You will take an active role in technical mentoring within the team.
We provide stellar benefits from health to dental to paid time off and parental leave!

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $127,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

Will you now or in the future require Amdocs to sponsor you?
What are your salary expectations for a new opportunity?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Full stack Cloud: 3 years (Preferred)
Java: 3 years (Preferred)
Microservices: 3 years (Preferred)
Software Engineer: 7 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

DevOps Engineer
-Contract role, remote
RedStream Technology is seeking a DevOps Engineer to join a team of skilled engineers responsible for developing new products/services and integrating them into products for a prestigious global management consulting firm. This team of engineers works in a pure SRE mindset, providing reliable infrastructure and development innovation with the goal of enhancing the company’s products. Other engineers in this group are located across the world in different time zones. Our client is moving fast from the traditional IT world to a digital era embracing Agile principles.
What You’ll Do
You will contribute and learn multiple technology skills (cloud, container orchestration, network, automation) with a strong focus on open-source products. Through innovative software as a service solution, and a vibrant ecosystem of alliances, our client is redefining what it means to work within the technology arm of a consulting company with a worldwide reach. You’ll work in small teams (including product managers, developers and operations staff) in a highly collaborative way, use the latest technologies, and enjoy seeing the direct impact from your work.
This includes but is not limited to:
- Development, implementation, and support to have reliable IT systems and processes supporting SaaS applications and platforms
- Automation of provisioning, quality controls, security auditing and maintenance
- Continuous measurement and improvement of efficiency of operational activities and resources
Skills / Experience 
- 2+ years of industry experience with Software Engineering best practices
- Experience in all or some of the following technologies:
o Programming languages: Python, Golang, Ruby, JavaScript and others IaC languages: Terraform, Ansible and others
o CI/CD tooling: CircleCI, Jenkins, GitHub and others (either of them)
o Test automation frameworks: test-kitchen, awspec, inspec and others
o Public cloud platforms: AWS, Azure, GCP
o Containerization: Kubernetes, Docker, helm
o API life-cycle management and message bus technologies: APIgee, Kafka and others
o Web front-end and database products: Nginx, Postgres, Mongo, Redis
o Monitoring and data analytics tools: Splunk, Elastic, Prometheus, Grafana, AppDynamics and others
o Networking experience: load balancing, network security, standard network protocols (HTTP/s, DNS, etc.)
o Operating system experience: Linux, Windows
- Experience in Project Coordination
- Ability to proactively build and implement services and tools to improve IT and support
- Expertise in root cause analysis to help fix support escalation issues
- Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment
- Ability to communicate effectively -- both verbally and in writing
Education 
Bachelor's degree Computer Science or similar, advance degree preferred
- Proof of Covid vaccination will be required.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:- Proof of Covid vaccination will be required.
Work Location: Remote
Who We Are

Hungryroot is the all-in-one recipe and grocery service. We're here to help people feel their best and make grocery shopping, cooking, and enjoying healthy food easier than ever. So, we're creating the first-of-its-kind food experience that puts people (and the planet) first, built for busy lives and individual needs.

We are a distributed team built on top talent from over 10 states across the U.S. While we have an office in NYC, we support employees creating "offices" wherever they are. We believe in fostering team connection and collaboration across all of our "offices" - so don't expect to be online at 6 am to make a meeting if you're on the West coast. Expect to attend regular team building events, and to be able to work from the beach every once in a while. Expect to be treated like an owner who cares about our common goal, not someone who has to clock in and out of work.

What You'll Do

We're looking for an experienced, Lead Frontend Software Engineer who is excited to play an integral role in our rapidly growing Technology team. At Hungryroot, we experiment, iterate, learn, and repeat. Most importantly, we build things people love. As a member of the Technology team, you will be responsible for the development of the company's customer-facing site, including various integrations with our vendors/partners, as well as various internal tools necessary for our operations.

The ideal candidate is obsessed with delivering the best possible customer experience, values software engineering best practices, and knows how to make the right trade-off given different situations.

How You'll Make an Impact
Evaluate, design, and implement new features to provide the best user experience for our customers.
Build, improve and maintain our responsive eCommerce web app.
Independently work on features while collaborating with product managers and QA.
Why We Need You
8+ years of Software Engineering experience working on commercial web applications
3+ years of experience working on Frontend focused projects, ideally using JavaScript
Good understanding of the inner workings of browsers and web protocols
Perks & Benefits
Remote Work Optional: Work from home, work from our NYC office, work from anywhere, you decide!
Competitive compensation + comprehensive Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits
Unlimited vacation policy
Monthly Hungryroot credit
Universal paid parental leave
401k
Commuter benefits
A working environment filled with passionate, happy, smart people!


#LI-REMOTE

Hungryroot is built on the values of being proactive, positive, and transparent in all that we do. Our mission to help make healthy eating easy, accessible, and joyful is better served by a diverse workplace.

We are a proud Equal Opportunity Employer committed to building an inclusive workplace. We have zero-tolerance for harassment or discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability.
About UsAt Close, we're building the sales communication platform of the future. With our roots as the very first sales CRM to include built-in calling, we're leading the industry toward eliminating manual processes and helping companies to close more deals (faster). Since our founding in 2013, we've grown to become a profitable, 100% globally distributed team of ~55 high-performing, happy people that are dedicated to building a product our customers love.
Our app’s frontend is a single-page JavaScript web app mostly written in React (originally built with Backbone.js). We bundle with Webpack and target only modern browsers. We test with Jest and React Testing Library. Our UI updates in near real-time and is written in LESS/CSS (with flexbox and grid layout) using CSS modules and takes advantage of fun technologies like Websockets and WebRTC.
We care about performance (e.g. route-based code splitting), maintainability, and testability of our frontend code. We sweat the UI/UX details and work collaboratively with the Product team throughout the design process. This means diving into lo-fi wireframes, and communicating continuously when those ideas are brought to life using Figma and code.
Our frontend app is built on top of our REST API & GraphQL endpoints. Our backend tech stack consists of Python/Flask, MongoDB, Postgres, Elasticsearch, and Redis. We run our services in Docker on AWS.
We ❤️ open sourcing our code and ideas on our GitHub and on The Making of Close, our behind-the-scenes Product & Engineering blog. Check our projects such as react-custom-scroller, use-infinite-scroll, use-abortable-effect, and smart-tooltip-delay or insights from our day-to-day work on such as Highlights From a Complex Downshift.js Refactor, A Case Study in"Reactizing" a Complex Backbone View, and Finding the cause of a memory leak in Jest tests.
*About You*We're looking for an experienced full-time Frontend Engineering Manager to join our engineering team. You should be an empathetic leader, have spent part of your career as a senior-level engineer, and want to help build & grow a team of high-performing engineers.
You should have senior-level (4 years+) experience building modern frontend applications, preferably using React or similar framework.
You should have significant experience (2 years+) leading and growing a team of engineers. You enjoy helping engineers thrive and grow in their roles. You should have a very good idea of how to run 1:1s with your direct reports and how to form strong relationships. You should be comfortable with giving continuous feedback and doing performance reviews. You are expected to grow the team as-needed and help lead a hiring process.
You have a track record of managing engineering teams that delivered great products and features. You should be very comfortable working with the Product and Design teams to formulate product ideas, skilled at writing & reviewing technical specifications, and planning work for your team. You can take on non-critical path technical work if time allows.
You’re comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with a medium-sized talented team where you're supported in your efforts to grow professionally. You are able to manage your time well, communicate effectively, and collaborate in a fully distributed team.
You are located in an American time zone.
Bonus points if you have...

Experience practicing the Shape Up product development methodology
Experience scaling a small engineering team into a few teams
Experience building JS-based mobile apps
Built B2B SaaS products
Experience with sales or sales tools

About the Role

Manage and grow a team of 4-8 high-performing engineers, support them through 1:1s and continuous feedback, and support their career growth.
A mix of team leadership, people management, product ideation, project coordination, and maximum 10% of your time spent on non-critical path IC work.
Work with a team of mostly-senior engineers, product managers, and designers to deliver great features.
Manage and optimize development processes as the team grows.
Participate in creating a long-term frontend strategy.

Why work with us?

Culture video
100% remote company (we believe in trust and autonomy)
Choose between working 5 days/wk (standard full-time) or 4 days/wk @ 80% pay
Annual team retreats ✈️
Quarterly virtual summits
5 weeks PTO + Winter Holiday Break
2 additional PTO days every year with the company
1 month paid sabbatical every 5 years
Co-working stipend
Revenue Share (after 1 year)
Paid parental leave
Medical, Dental, Vision with HSA option (US residents)
401k matching at 6% (US residents)
Dependent care FSA (US residents)
Contributor to Stripe's climate initiative ❤️
Our story and team

At Close, everyone has a voice. We encourage transparency and practice a mature approach to the work-place. In general, we don’t have strict policies, we have guidelines. Work/life harmony is an important part of our business - we believe you bring your best to work when you practice self-care (whatever that looks like for you).
We come from 16 countries located in 5 of the 7 continents - looking at you Antarctica and Australia ;-) ….. We’re a collection of talented humans rich in diverse backgrounds, lifestyles, and cultures. Every year we meet up somewhere around the world to spend time with one another. These gatherings are an opportunity to strengthen the social fiber of our global community.
Our team is growing in more ways than one - we’ve recently launched 17 babies (and counting!). Unanimously, our favorite and most impactful value is “Build a house you want to live in.” We strive to make decisions that are authentic for our people and help our customers become more successful.
_Our application process was designed to promote equitable and unbiased hiring practices. We ask a small series of questions that are similar to what would be asked in the first interview. This helps us learn more about you right from the start so please be sure to answer each question thoughtfully. Each application will receive two screens by two different reviewers. Regardless of fit, you will hear back from us letting you know if we'll be moving forward._
_Interested in _Close_ but don't think this role is the best fit for you? View our _other positions.
Job Type: Full-time


Job Description


Remote: Position does not require employee to be on-site full-time to perform most effectively. The employee's role enables them to work off-site on a permanent basis.
  
 The Software Defined Vehicle (SDV) team supports the definition, design, and development of continuously improving mobility services. SDV is a new vehicle intelligence platform that will underpin all our future innovations across a wide range of technological advancements, including EVs and expanded automated driving. This means that you can potentially put a fingerprint on the vehicles that drive down the road! This space is ripe with technical leadership opportunities for advanced technology development, as well as the ability to provide mentorship for new employees. You can flex your teamwork muscles as you will be tasked with working with several other areas of engineering, IT, and the business.
  
 This 
  SDV Software Modeling Engineer position involves hands on modeling work in either RSMT or Vector DaVinci (AUTOSAR). You will serve as the primary interface with the users, architects, and integration teams to perform root cause analysis as applicable. This requires cross-functional coordination with team members and in some cases, Vector to resolve issues. In the software space, you'll experience an agile, fast-paced work environment, surrounded by great mentors and teams.
  
 This is a great role for someone that thrives in a challenging environment and is looking for a position with both leadership and technical responsibilities!
  
 Responsibilities Include:
  

 Work cross functionally to implement model changes in either RSMT or Vector DaVinci per software cadence on time and with quality 
 Work with software architects, system architects, software engineers, and other embedded system engineers to define sprint goals 
 Understand modeling and software build tools (RSMT, MDK, Git Ecosystem, Gerrit, Jenkins Pipeline) 
 Model and document software interfaces in a modeling and document toolchain 
 Manage change requests in the system and with the architecture community to implement your changes into actions 
 Understand the mapping of signals to software interfaces 
 Lead code reviews with the best software talent in the industry 
 Communicate information to and from internal and external customer organizations


 Additional Job Description


Required Qualifications: 


Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related technical degree 
 Minimum of 2 years of embedded software engineering experience 
 High level of analytical ability where problems are unusual and difficult 
 Strong interpersonal skills to work independently and optimally with others 
 Good business sense and a desire to understand customer needs 
 A track record of "getting things done" by managing and leading multiple projects and assignments with a high level of autonomy and accountability for results 
 Strong oral and written communication skills  
Lead multiple priorities while maintaining a commitment to the tasks at hand 
 Able to identify problems, analyze varying courses of action to determine, recommend and negotiate optimal solutions and execute contingency plans 
 Ability to work in a disciplined software development environment


 Preferred Qualifications: 


Master's degree in a related field 
 5 years of experience in a software-related area and/or software development 
 Knowledge of Adaptive AUTOSAR and QNX 
 Knowledge in Vector DaVinci 
 Design/Development of Safety Critical Systems/Components 
 Experience with Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), Software as a Service (SaaS), Microservices, etc. 
 Knowledge in Git Ecosystem (GES), Rational Team Concert (RTC), and RSMT (Interface management)

 FOR GM INTERNAL CANDIDATES: This role is posted at both the 7th and 6th level. The determination by HR and the Hiring Manager as to whether an offer will be lateral or promotional will be based on a candidate's relevant experience and whether the role will amount to a significant increase in level of responsibility.
  
 Compensation: This position may be filled with a mid-level ($91,332) OR a Sr. level candidate ($126,756).
  
 Bonus Potential: An incentive pay program offers payouts based on company performance, job level, and individual performance.
  
 Benefits: GM offers a variety of health and wellbeing benefit programs. Benefit options include medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Accounts, retirement savings plan, sickness and accident benefits, life insurance, paid vacation & holidays, tuition assistance programs, employee assistance program, GM vehicle discounts and more.
  
 #LI-Remote
  

About GM

 Our vision is a world with Zero Crashes, Zero Emissions and Zero Congestion and we embrace the responsibility to lead the change that will make our world better, safer and more equitable for all.
  

Why Join Us

 We aspire to be the most inclusive company in the world. We believe we all must make a choice every day - individually and collectively - to drive meaningful change through our words, our deeds and our culture. Our Work Appropriately philosophy supports our foundation of inclusion and provides employees the flexibility to work where they can have the greatest impact on achieving our goals, dependent on role needs. Every day, we want every employee, no matter their background, ethnicity, preferences, or location, to feel they belong to one General Motors team.
  

Benefits Overview

 The goal of the General Motors total rewards program is to support the health and well-being of you and your family. Our comprehensive compensation plan incudes, the following benefits, in addition to many others:
  

Paid time off including vacation days, holidays, and parental leave for mothers, fathers and adoptive parents;
Healthcare (including a triple tax advantaged health savings account and wellness incentive), dental, vision and life insurance plans to cover you and your family;
Company and matching contributions to 401K savings plan to help you save for retirement;
Global recognition program for peers and leaders to recognize and be recognized for results and behaviors that reflect our company values; 
Tuition assistance and student loan refinancing;
Discount on GM vehicles for you, your family and friends.


 Diversity Information

 General Motors is committed to being a workplace that is not only free of discrimination, but one that genuinely fosters inclusion and belonging. We strongly believe that workforce diversity creates an environment in which our employees can thrive and develop better products for our customers. We understand and embrace the variety through which people gain experiences whether through professional, personal, educational, or volunteer opportunities.GM is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
  
 We encourage interested candidates to review the key responsibilities and qualifications and apply for any positions that match your skills and capabilities.
  

Equal Employment Opportunity Statements

 The policy of General Motors is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression or veteran status. Additionally, General Motors is committed to being an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers including individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, email us atCareers.Accommodations@GM.com. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.
 
The Turbo Virtual Machine is a fully user-mode emulation layer for core OS filesystem, registry, and kernel subsystems. The Turbo VM allows applications to be deployed in ready-to-run virtual environments that execute in isolated virtual environments. Turbo Studio is our authoring environment for virtualizing applications.

Our engineers work on extremely challenging systems problems. We develop primarily in C/C++ and C# and expect our developers to be able (and eager) to quickly learn new languages and technologies.
‍
Requirements

Strong technical and problem-solving skills
Expert in C/C++, COM, and Microsoft Windows system
Ability to solve extremely challenging systems problems
Enthusiasm for learning new languages and technologies
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced atmosphere

As this position is partially or fully remote, candidates must have access to high speed Internet and a suitable desktop computer work environment.

Benefits:

Competitive salary and opportunities for career growth

Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
401k retirement plan with employer contribution matching
Generous vacation policy
Employee Stock Option Plan
Flexible work location and hours (hybrid remote work and in-person)

  Company Description
   At Western Digital, our vision is to power global innovation and push the boundaries of technology to make what you thought was once impossible, possible.
 At our core, Western Digital is a company of problem solvers. People achieve extraordinary things given the right technology. For decades, we’ve been doing just that. Our technology helped people put a man on the moon.
 We are a key partner to some of the largest and highest growth organizations in the world. From energizing the most competitive gaming platforms, to enabling systems to make cities safer and cars smarter and more connected, to powering the data centers behind many of the world’s biggest companies and public cloud, Western Digital is fueling a brighter, smarter future.
 Binge-watch any shows, use social media or shop online lately? You’ll find Western Digital supporting the storage infrastructure behind many of these platforms. And, that flash memory card that captures and preserves your most precious moments? That’s us, too.
 We offer an expansive portfolio of technologies, storage devices and platforms for business and consumers alike. Our data-centric solutions are comprised of the Western Digital®, G-Technology™, SanDisk® and WD® brands.
 Today’s exceptional challenges require your unique skills. It’s You & Western Digital. Together, we’re the next BIG thing in data.



  Job Description
   Western Digital®
 The next big thing in data is you!
 We create environments for you to thrive. The growing diversity of data creates an exponential amount of new possibilities – for the world, our company and you. You’ll be part of a team driving the innovations necessary to outpace new demands and challenges everywhere data lives, from sensors to mobile devices to the cloud. We’ve only started to scratch the surface of what data can do. You can help unlock its full potential.
 We are seeking highly motivated students to join our engineering teams.
 What is the LAUNCH Program? The LAUNCH Program is supplemental to your full-time role. You will automatically be enrolled in the LAUNCH Program during your first twenty-four months. In this program, you will take a deeper dive into professional life at Western Digital by getting exposure to different parts of the organization, in addition to the experience you gain from your day-to-day responsibilities. Supplemental LAUNCH Program elements include:

 On the job training and mentorship with industry professionals
 Supplemental professional development trainings
 Executive exposure
 Networking events with other Western Digital employees
 Competitive compensation and benefits package

 We are hiring an entry-level engineer on our Servo Development team to begin and develop their career as a Firmware Development Engineer. Ideal candidates will have recently earned or are pursuing a BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or a related field. Candidates must have a graduation date of May 2021 through June 2022.
 Responsibilities:

 Develop firmware using C for Western Digital Client Class HDDs
 You'll be on a team responsible for embedded firmware development for client HDD. This includes innovation, design, implementation and debug of data path, firmware algorithms, data structures, integration and failure analysis needed for our large and complex firmware environment.
 Self-motivated to work as part of an agile team and collaborate among firmware community to develop HDD technology and products.
 Document design, firmware implementation, test results, and failure analysis findings for communication and transparency.




  Qualifications
  
 BS degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field
 Candidates must have a graduation date of May 2021 through June 2022.
 Minimum of 3.0 GPA cumulative
 Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
 Strong technical skills in area of study
 Interest in HDD, flash, semiconductor, components, nonvolatile memory industry
 Proficient in Microsoft Office applications
 Strong C/C++ development skills
 Familiar with micro-processors and microcontrollers, knowledge of ARM a plus
 Familiarity with real time operating systems (RTOS) and embedded firmware
 Familiar with Hardware Electronics circuitry
 Good verbal and written communication skills
 Clear understanding of basic Boolean logic,
 familiarity of C syntax

 Additional Information
   Western Digital is committed to providing equal opportunities to all applicants and employees and will not discriminate based on their race, color, ancestry, religion (including religious dress and grooming standards), sex (including pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), gender (including a person’s gender identity, gender expression, and gender-related appearance and behavior, whether or not stereotypically associated with the person’s assigned sex at birth), age, national origin, sexual orientation, medical condition, marital status (including domestic partnership status), physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, protected medical and family care leave, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. We also prohibit harassment of any individual on any of the characteristics listed above. Our non-discrimination policy applies to all aspects of employment. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster.
 Western Digital thrives on the power and potential of diversity. As a global company, we believe the most effective way to embrace the diversity of our customers and communities is to mirror it from within. We believe the fusion of various perspectives results in the best outcomes for our employees, our company, our customers, and the world around us. We are committed to an inclusive environment where every individual can thrive through a sense of belonging, respect and contribution.
 Western Digital is committed to offering opportunities to applicants with disabilities and ensuring all candidates can successfully navigate our careers website and our hiring process. Please contact us at staffingsupport@wdc.com to advise us of your accommodation request. In your email, please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting as well as the job title and requisition number of the position for which you are applying.

 Compensation & Benefits Details

 An employee’s pay position within the salary range may be based on several factors including but not limited to (1) relevant education; qualifications; certifications; and experience; (2) skills, ability, knowledge of the job; (3) performance, contribution and results; (4) geographic location; (5) shift; (6) internal and external equity; and (7) business and organizational needs.
 The salary range is what we believe to be the range of possible compensation for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range and this range is only applicable for jobs to be performed in Colorado or remote jobs that can be performed in Colorado. This range may be modified in the future.
 You will also be eligible to participate in Western Digital's Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan and to receive equity awards under our annual Long-Term Incentive (LTI) program, which consists of restricted stock units (RSUs), pursuant to the terms of these programs. RSU awards are also available to eligible new hires, subject to Western Digital’s Standard Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Unit Awards.
 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid vacation time; paid sick leave; medical/dental/vision insurance; life, accident and disability insurance; tax-advantaged flexible spending and health savings accounts; employee assistance program; other voluntary benefit programs such as supplemental life and AD&D, legal plan, pet insurance, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity; tuition reimbursement; transit; the Virgin Pulse Program; the Applause Program, employee stock purchase plan, and the Western Digital Savings 401(k) Plan.
 Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, benefits, or any other form of compensation and benefits that are allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law.




Where applicable, confirmation that you meet customer requirements for facility access which may include proof of vaccination and/or attestation and testing, unless an accommodation has been approved. 

Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future 

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, you’ll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement. 

Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented DevOps Engineer to join our team. This position will directly support the Innovation & Capability Office, which is a centralized, cohesive organization focused on building new and enhancing existing capabilities to enhance our competitive strategy. 

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 

Work with a dynamic team of engineers and developers to support research and deliverables in an Agile environment 
Create/Engineer/Develop solutions which support microservice-based applications. Will help support containerized systems running on Kubernetes. The DevOps engineer shall have experience with and support DevSecOps solutions including building and maintaining infrastructure as code, CI/CD pipelines, and test automation. 
Engineer should have experience with Git 
Development, engineering, and integration to support application development. 
Modification and maintenance of the CI/CD pipelines and Kubernetes cluster in support of tool development 
Engineer/Develop integration with existing EKS, OpenShift, and Terraform 


Basic Qualifications: 

5 years hands on with DevOps and/or CI/CD Pipeline development 
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes 
Experience with pipeline orchestration such as: Jenkins, ArgoCD, GitLab, etc. 
Experience with Agile Methodologies 
Experience using an automation technology such as Terraform or Ansible 
Bachelors in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering or other related fields 
    
At least 7 years of hands-on software development or experience 
Minimum of 4 years of experience working in a large and complex software development project 

Self-motivated and able to work independently 


Preferred Qualifications: 

Familiarity with a service mesh 
Experience working in a commercial cloud environment – GCP, Azure, or AWS 
Experience with and ability to integrate automated tests in a CI/CD pipelines. 
Experience configuring API gateways. 
Experience with GitOps 


Security Clearance Requirements: 

Ability to obtain a Top Secret 


Physical Requirements: 

Stationary; able to use computer assets and sit for extended periods of time 

The projected compensation range for this position is $93,500-$155,100. There are differentiating factors that can impact a final salary/hourly rate, including, but not limited to, Contract Wage Determination, relevant work experience, skills and competencies that align to the specified role, geographic location (For Remote Opportunities), education and certifications as well as Federal Government Contract Labor categories. In addition, ManTech invests in it’s employees beyond just compensation. ManTech’s benefits offerings include, dependent upon position, Health Insurance, Life Insurance, Paid Time Off, Holiday Pay, Short Term and Long Term Disability, Retirement and Savings, Learning and Development opportunities, wellness programs as well as other optional benefit elections. 
  
For all positions requiring access to technology/software source code that is subject to export control laws, employment with the company is contingent on either verifying U.S.-person status or obtaining any necessary license. The applicant will be required to answer certain questions for export control purposes, and that information will be reviewed by compliance personnel to ensure compliance with federal law. ManTech may choose not to apply for a license for such individuals whose access to export-controlled technology or software source code may require authorization and may decline to proceed with an applicant on that basis alone. 






















ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law. 

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services. 

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.


























Nom Nom is improving the lives of dogs and cats everywhere. One meal at a time.
 We deliver real, restaurant-quality meals every month — prepped, mixed and portioned in our very own kitchens. Personalized all the way down to the calorie, each meal is formulated to meet the unique needs of every pet we serve. Our Board Certified Veterinary Nutritionist® and staff of world-class scientists make sure of it, researching, studying and innovating nonstop to ensure maximum nutrition from all of our recipes while advancing pet health at large.
 We’re a team of pet lovers (duh), complacency crushers (you bet) and doggedly-determined
 experts (woof) that pride ourselves on serving up the best food possible for our four-legged family.
 We take absolute ownership over everything we do, persistently pushing one another toward creative solutions to complex problems. With a healthy serving of fun when time permits.
 (Time always permits.)

 Full Stack Engineer
 We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer to join our growing technical team, led by ex-Google engineers. You will be responsible for maintaining overall quality of the code base, provide code reviews for other developers, build infrastructure to help scale the growing business, and guide feature development across the entire stack.

 RESPONSIBILITIES:

 Write reliable, well-tested code in Python (primary) and Javascript (secondary) on Google Cloud infrastructure
 Develop robust APIs and build applications on a modern tech infrastructure, adhering to design principles and best practices
 Design data storage systems to accommodate a growing repository of pet data
 Lead projects, provide code reviews and mentor other team members
 Work directly from leadership and cross functional stakeholders to manage project priorities, deadlines and deliverables

 REQUIREMENTS:

 5+ years of experience coding in Python and Javascript to ship products
 High standards for code quality and elegant implementations
 Adaptability, integrity, and curiosity to learn
 Experience designing distributed SQL/non-SQL data storage solutions
 Ability to synthesize, prioritize feedback into clear, coherent requirements


 BENEFITS:

 Competitive pay
 Associate Discount
 Medical, Dental, Vision, Prescription and much more
 Health Savings Account and FSA
 401K with a match to 4%
 We pay 100% of Short Term and Long Term disability
 Life Insurance
 Paid holidays and vacation
 Formal training and opportunities for career progression


 Nom Nom embraces inclusion, diversity and equal opportunity. We're committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Nom Nom is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.



Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Fictiv Exists to Enable Hardware Innovators to Build Better Products, Faster
 Fictiv, coined the "AWS of manufacturing," is a leading technology company transforming the $350 billion manufacturing industry. Our cutting-edge cloud platform uses AI and machine learning algorithms to help companies build hardware at the speed of software. Come join our growing team!


 Title: Software Engineer, Frontend Commitment: Full-time Location: Remote Tech Stack: React, Redux, Javascript/Typescript, Cypress.JS, data fetching from REST API's or GraphQL
 What's In It for You?
 Fictiv is on a path to re-invent how manufacturing should be. As a core member and key player, you'll be working with a team of engineers who are driven to make this a reality while focusing on supply chain automation.
 Small Team, Big Impact We are a small team taking the next step in evolving our systems and infrastructure. You will play a key role in sharpening our technical execution as well as elevating our technical standards. With our team at a small size and growing, you will be well positioned to have a wide impact over a range of systems and decisions.
 Inspiring Customers Our customers work on products that push technological boundaries – from self-driving cars to low-cost water purification systems. They inspire us to develop systems to move faster, build higher quality product, and shape the future of manufacturing.
 Change An Industry We have a big vision for what manufacturing should be, and we are determined to make that vision real. You'll be working with smart, mission driven teammates to create significant change in this industry.
 What Will You Be Doing? 
As a Software Engineer on our Injection Molding team, you will collaborate on a scrum team to build intuitive, user-friendly web applications with modular, well-structured components. You are a problem solver, a contributor to our technical designs, and you take initiative to improve team and technical practices. In this role you will:

Design and build secure, scalable, and performant web applications with modular, well-structured components
Work with PM's and UX Designers to develop intuitive, user-friendly experiences
Collaborate with your team to deliver high quality solutions in a timely manner
Ensure quality of your code through unit tests and end-to-end tests
Troubleshoot production issues and create lasting fixes
Develop and promote best practices for front end development, including reusable code patterns and components
Exhibit a desire to being mentored regarding best practices for software development

Desired Traits

Experience building scalable front-end web applications used in production
Skilled in either React or Angular (we use React)
Fluent in JavaScript / TypeScript in the browser
Understanding of data fetching patterns from RESTful / GraphQL API's, including caching, lazy-loading, and state management
Willingness to contribute to end-to-end tests (We use Cypress.js)
Strong grounding in Web-application security
Familiarity with scrum or other agile software development process methodologies

Perks and Benefits

Competitive medical, dental, and vision insurance
401K plan
Monthly Virtual Work stipend for things like food, internet, travel, pet care, health and wellness
Annual Education stipend
Parental leave programs
Paid volunteer days
Onboarding setup, including: standing desk, laptop, monitor, and chair, and a stipend for additional items such as headphones, blue light glasses, or any other ergonomic supplies you may want or need
And much, much more!





About Fictiv
 Our Digital Manufacturing Ecosystem is transforming how the next rockets, self-driving cars, and life-saving robots are designed, developed and delivered to customers around the world.
 This transformation is made possible through our technology-backed platform, our global network of manufacturing partners, and our people with deep expertise in hardware and software development.
 We're actively seeking potential teammates who can bring diverse perspectives and experience to our culture and company. We believe inclusion is the best way to create a strong, empathetic team. Our belief is that the best team is born from an environment that emphasizes respect, honesty, collaboration, and growth.
 We encourage applications from members of underrepresented groups, including but not limited to women, members of the LGBTQ community, people of color, people with disabilities, and veterans.



Xamarin DeveloperPosition Remote.
We are looking for a Sr c# .net Developer with Xamarin / MAUI Experience. Candidate need to have prior experience with using mobile Bluetooth connectivity and interface with embedded system.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60,723.00 - $140,103.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote





     Column is looking to hire a mission-oriented 
     Head of Software Engineering to spearhead the technical execution and roadmap of our core public notice platform. You will be responsible for recruiting, training and developing a team of 15+ Software Engineers and Engineering Managers into an engaged and results-oriented department. The role is responsible for Front End, Back End, and DevOps Engineers and will report directly to our CTO, Leo Hentshcker.
    


     To learn more about the role, listen to this video introduction from our CTO, Leo Hentshcker. 
    




What You'll Do

First Week: You will learn about Column's mission and vision, seek to understand our software development lifecycle, and get to know your direct reports and other leaders. We're a small company that's growing quickly, so interpersonal rapport is essential.
First Month: You will conduct a listening tour and present a series of recommended actions to our leadership. Develop a technical roadmap and execution plan in collaboration with product and other business leaders. Develop strong relationships and rapport with current engineering team members, including earning their trust and commitment to the future technical and team vision.
First Six Months: You will hire and shape a technical management team that inspires and empowers software engineers to do their best-work. This will include coaching, mentoring, and developing Columnists on a daily basis. Invest in the development and maintenance of clear responsibilities and standards to build a high-performance engineering team known for its quality, execution and speed.
First Year: You will design and enforce efficient and repeatable engineering processes and tests that incorporate best practices into the software development lifecycle. Own essential choices about the existing and future technology stack and architecture to improve system performance and scaleability. Be an impactful leader at a rapidly growing tech start-up that believes we have the potential to be a once in a generation company.

Our Ideal Candidate

You're looking for a remote-first role working with wildly talented people who care about their impact on local communities
You have experience as a Director or VP Engineering and/or Chief Technology Officer of a fintech, marketplace/ecommerce, or SaaS business that experienced substantial growth, managing at least 20 engineers with engineering managers
You take pride in having strong people management skills and building diverse and inclusive team environments that support debate
You are comfortable making choices about system architecture and can explain how you've learned from previous design decisions over time
You are excited to work with product and other business leaders build out and execute on a technical roadmap for our core product
You have a strong desire to exemplify our operating principles — be worthy of trust, do the hard work, never stop learning, intentionally build community, and tell a better story
You have grit and really want to work with us — if you do not resemble our ideal candidate, tell us why you'd still be a great fit for this role in an optional cover letter

Compensation and Benefits Column is built on the belief that important information should be accessible to the public. As such, we work hard to model this behavior for potential Columnists by including our base compensation in all job descriptions and making our full benefits accessible online.

Base salary of $180,000-$300,000 per year, plus a meaningful equity stake and 401k plan with 5% match for US-based individuals
Healthcare, vision, & dental coverage for you and your dependents
Unlimited (and encouraged) paid time off and 16-weeks paid parental leave
Multiple stipends for you to invest in a home office setup and pursue wellness activities that make you feel healthy and whole

About Column Column is the first collaborative public notice platform helping publishers, governments and legal services work together to inform their communities. We are a remote-first public benefit corporation with an in-person headquarters in Miami, FL. 
To us, people are everything. Our current Columnists are wildly talented people from around the globe. We support and challenge each other. We address real problems that people face in their communities. We believe that we have the potential to be a generational company that will change the world as we know it. Will you join us?




We are looking for a skilled software engineer who, along with our excellent software development team, will be responsible for working on product that is currently being developed on by our company. A bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or another related field is required. You will also need at least 3-9 years of software engineering or software development experience, preferably in a related field to be successful in this role.
Responsibilities: 

Developing and directing software system validation and testing methods.
Directing our software programming initiatives
Overseeing the development of documentation.
Working closely with clients and cross-functional departments to communicate project statuses and proposals.
Analyzing data to effectively coordinate the installation of new systems or the modification of existing systems.
Managing the software development lifecycle.
Monitoring system performance.
Communicating key project data to team members and building cohesion among teams.
Developing and executing project plans.
Applying mathematics and statistics to problem-solving initiatives.
Applying best practices and standard operating procedures.
Creating innovative solutions to meet our company’s technical needs.
Testing new software and fixing bugs.
Shaping the future of our systems.

Requirements: 

A bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or another related field.
3 to 9 years of software engineering or software development experience, preferably in a related field.
Hands-on programming experience using relevant languages.
Experience using relevant tool suites.
Strong written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Creative problem-solving skills.
Experience managing the software development lifecycle.
The ability to prioritize activities and deliver projects on time and within budget.
Experience working with clients and business partners.
A comprehensive understanding of computer science concepts.
Excellent coding skills.
Extensive knowledge of agile methodologies.
Strong team-building skills.
The ability to travel as necessary.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: Up to $150,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: One location

I am currently seeking a ServiceNow Engineer. This role requires close partnership and collaboration with other Business Stakeholders and Subject Matter Experts.
*Fully Remote*
Responsibilities

Troubleshoot major incidents, facilitate blameless post-mortems and ensure non-recurrence of incidents through action-oriented problem resolution of ServiceNow platform and application issues.
Design, code, test, and deliver software to automate manual operational tasks, ultimately to improve availability and stability of ServiceNow services.
Work with ServiceNow Technical Consultants/Developers to explain the requirements and ensure development is according to specified functional requirements (Functional Lifecycle Testing) .
Find root cause of non-performant services, create and maintain monitoring and alerting systems for all ServiceNow Services.

Qualifications

5+ years of software engineering experience, with a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.
Excellent debugging and trouble shooting skills of ServiceNow services or other highly-complex systems or applications
Experience supporting ServiceNow Platform or other enterprise products and services for internal or external clients.
Experience with agile development, test automation, workflow automation, and Monitoring dashboard design which can be applied to the ServiceNow platform.
ServiceNow Certification; CSA or higher is desired

Job Type: Contract
Salary: From $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

This role involves development of embedded application for inertial navigational functionality for space & satellite usage.
This effort includes SW development of data integrity, navigational solutions, and communication aspects on a space based electronic system. Requires working knowledge of C / C/C++, JIRA, and Bitbucket.
Possesses the ability to write test scripts to test SW features and to run regression tests. Knowledgeable in building the SW release.
Requires a bachelor's degree in area of specialty and at least 5+ years of experience in the field or in a related area.
May provide consultation on complex projects and is considered a top-level contributor / specialist.
Must have the following experience: Software Development Life Cycle process development; requirements, design,implementation, unit and integration testing phases. Utilizing and developing embedded software for Real-Time Operating Systems (RTOS) and rate-based systems.
Utilizing C/C++ software development environments to build and debug software on target hardware
Maintaining software under version control using GIT / BitBucket or similar Software version control systems Utilizing Atlassian Jira (or similar) for issue tracking Familiar with static code analysis tools.We value subcontractors with the following experience: Navigational and sensor elements in a Space development environment Development and utilization of aerospace I/O standards (ARINC, MIL-STS 1553, Fiber Optic, Ethernet)
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $80.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Your E-mail address?

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Embedded software development: 5 years (Required)
RTOS: 4 years (Required)
Navigation/Space: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Description
After a successful sell-out mint of our first NFT skateboard collection, SkateX is seeking a talented Gameplay Engineer to help create the next generation of web3 games. We’ve got an open canvas for you to conceptualize and develop your vision throughout this skateboard world.
SkateX is an upcoming massively multiplayer online game (MMO) in which players own their own one-of-a-kind skateboards that can be used both in-game and in the wider Web3 universe.
SkateX is developed by Block Tackle, Inc. a new studio led by video game veterans from EA, Kabam, Lucasfilm, Roblox, Sega and Supercell. Our fun-first immersive games leverage blockchain technology, allowing players to own their own digital assets.
About the Role
The Gameplay Engineer will have a passion for games and collaborating with a cross-functional team to implement gameplay features to provide high quality player experiences. They have the ability to share their knowledge and be a skilled communicator with excellent documentation skills. They will also have to be able to work independently under pressure to produce results under a tight schedule. This role is fully remote and will require communication with team members globally. This is contract position for 40 hours/week. The contract will be for 3-6 months, but we will evaluate a more permanent full time role if it is a good fit for both of us. While we aim to flexible with working hours, we ask that at least half of your hours are during PDT business hours of 9am-6pm.
Main Tasks and Responsibilities

Work closely with the Game Lead to understand the design goals of the project, crafting designs to execute on the vision
Collaborate with designers to bring new and improved game features from ideas to reality
Contribute your individual knowledge and independent research to produce solutions with the right game-feel
Design and implement game features and rework current functionality producing high-performing reusable code

Requirements

3+ years of engineering experience working on games
2+ years of Unity experience as part of a team with other Unity engineers
Fluent in C#
BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience

Skills and Profile

Strong communication skills toward all team functions — designers, artists, and other engineers
Strong sense of ownership in start-to-finish delivery of game features
Passion for games and deep understanding of game mechanics
Interest in blockchain technology
Self-driven attitude to figure things out and propose well-considered solutions
Collaborative mindset to work proactively and openly with peers
Strong self-management skills
Strong experience with code review practices and code quality standards

Bonus

Experience with networked 3D physics gameplay
Experience with live MMO games
Launched multiple successful game titles

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $75.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Unity: 2 years (Preferred)
Game Development: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Description: 
   Abacus Solutions Group:
 We're built on our shared core values! We are difference-makers, passionate about serving, we work hard with integrity and do the right thing. Difference makers means that we look at every opportunity as a chance to make a difference. Passionate about serving means that we are always looking for ways to serve our customers and coworkers. Working hard and doing the right thing with integrity means that for every decision we first ask, “Is the decision consistent with our moral and ethical principles”. We hire, review, reward and recognize our teammates based on these characteristics, so it is important that you share these values to be part of the team.
 Overview:
 We’re hiring a DevOps Engineer to work on a contract project within Microsoft. This position is projected to begin as soon as a qualified candidate is identified.
 The DevOps Engineers support the build, test, and release processes for internally built software and system tools and systems. The candidate will work offsite and meet with team leadership weekly, monthly, and as needed.
 Long Term Project
 Responsibilities:

 Work on design, development, automation, and maintenance of product and release
 Documenting software for source code management, software compilation, and or artifacts content distribution
 Ensures efficient planning, installation/configuration, maintenance, and operations of hardware and software to build, validate, and release software products
 Ensures timely software releases and implementations from development to deployment
 Performs/administers builds, packaging, analysis, and version build/release
 Requires deep knowledge of software configuration management
 Debug nodes
 . Requirements: 
  
Advanced Linux Administration
 Kubernetes
 Docker engine experience (check, start, stop, debug docker engine failure)
 Docker containers (create image and manage)
 NFS experience (add, manage, etc.)
 Ansible
 SSH (configure, public/private, etc.)
 Static IP, DHCP, DNS – administration and debugging
 PXE (administration, workflow, debugging)
 Physical Hardware Management
 Familiarity with how servers function (deploy, boot, operate, etc.)
 NVIDIA Server (NVIDIA GPUs including PeerDirect, Frameworks, etc.)
 System Event Log management
 iLo, iDRAC, BMC, Redfish
 InfiniBand

 Education:

 Bachelor’s Degree in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) preferred
 3+ years of experience OR Master’s Degree in computer science STEM Degree
 1+ years of software development experience preferred

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.



  Company Description
   Improving healthcare through innovative technology is at the core of Intelerad’s work. Our scalable medical imaging platform connects clinicians to a powerful imaging ecosystem that is fast, smart, and tapped into the data they need, no matter their location. We’re focused on delivering a best-in-class medical image management solution that improves provider efficiency, decreases the cost of healthcare, and improves the overall health of populations.
 Headquartered in Raleigh, NC and Montreal, Intelerad has nearly 800 employees located in offices across six countries. The company empowers nearly 2,000 healthcare organizations around the world with the speed, scalability, and simplicity needed to increase business performance while, most importantly, improving patient outcomes. Intelerad’s modern enterprise solutions have been acknowledged by a Best in KLAS recognition, ranking #1 for PACS Asia/Oceania in the 2021 Best in KLAS: Global Software (Non-US) report.



  Job Description
   The Application Security Engineer (Software) is responsible for providing technical and operational expertise in information security systems, principles and practices to ensure the protection of patient health information managed by Intelerad’s software products.
 The Application Security Engineer is also responsible for the evolution of the security architecture and solutions in support of current and new products in both cloud-based and on-premises solutions.
 You will work with developers to find the vulnerabilities and produce code to secure our software. You know how to find issues within software and assess the software security issues. You are experienced with vulnerability management and threat modeling/risk assessments.

 Participates in product security architecture planning for both on-premises and cloud-based solutions
 Provides expert advice to development teams and acts as an Information Security subject matter expert on product development matters
 Conducts product security threat and risk assessments for all software products on a regular basis
 Interprets risk assessment results for applicability to IMS source code and deployed solutions
 Works with product &amp; development managers for the assessment and prioritization of security related tasks in the development backlog
 Participates in the Security response team as needed related to code-level software vulnerabilities
 Improves the adoption of security best practices in testing, automation and continuous integration pipelines
 Broadens developer awareness of secure software development best practices




  Qualifications
  

 Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent
 5+ years of pertinent experience in software development
 2+ years of experience with a focus on Information Security
 Strong knowledge of techniques, standards and state-of-the-art capabilities for authentication and authorization, applied cryptography, security vulnerabilities and remediation
 Strong knowledge of information security from a strategic and tactical point of view
 Experience developing software in Java, C#, C++, C, Python or Go
 Excellent understanding of software applications, network architectures and protocols, operating systems, and core infrastructure security concepts and concerns

 Additional Information
   All applicants meeting minimum qualifications will be required to complete a 30 minute online assessment as part of your application.
 Intelerad and Ambra Health Combine to Form the Global Industry Leader in Cloud PACS and Enterprise Imaging
 Intelerad Partners with Strategic Radiology to Bring Innovative Medical Image Management Solutions to More than 1,300 Radiologists Across the US
 Meet Intelerad’s Leadership Team: https://www.intelerad.com/en/about/leadership-team/
 #LI-remote


A self-funded, profitable fin-tech start-up is looking to bring on a Senior Developer/Back-end Architect to create the future of investment management and trading software. This is a fully remote position offering up to $175K for the right candidate.
About you:
· BA or BS in Computer Science or related fields
· 2-5 years development experience
· 2+ years of experience in C#.NET (or Java/Scala), SQL
· Nice to have: 3 years of experience within the financial domain, with extensive exposure to the FIX protocol
About them:
· Small, agile team of self-starters
· Clients consist of some of the largest investment managers and hedge funds
· Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision), Retirement Plan, Paid Time Off, Life Insurance
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $175,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Would working with cutting-edge security products excite you?
Do you love collaborating with teams to solve complex challenges?
Join our highly skilled CIAM Engineering team
We are a small team responsible for a world-class, multi-tenant SaaS platform that empowers our customers to protect and manage the identities of their end users. Partnering with other teams we ensure Akamai's systems lead by example and fulfil the security needs of our customer base. Excelling in an ever-changing security landscape, our environment is exciting and fast-paced.
Develop cutting-edge identity management tools
In this role you will be turning requirements and user experience designs into world class scalable software to support terabytes of data driven by authentication and identification of users on websites. You will be collaborating with an overall Product Team on the design, development, documentation, end-to-end testing, and troubleshooting of new and existing CIAM products in an Agile environment.
As a Software Engineer you will be responsible for:
Collaborating with architects and engineering teams to understand their needs and build solutions to address their requirements
Working with the Product Team to assess, define and refine product requirements
Developing and maintaining enterprise SaaS software including RESTful APIs
Creating back-end systems responsible for the storage, transformation and transport of large data sets, including creation of detailed documentation

Do what you love
To be successful in this role you will:
Have relevant experience and a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Management Information Systems, another related field or its equivalent.
Have passion and aptitude to learn new tools and technologies
Demonstrate solid written, verbal and presentation skills and have the ability to collaborate with internal stakeholders
Demonstrate some experience of software development and design using a language of your choice
Be comfortable with software development technologies including Scripting languages such as Python, Golang, Perl, etc.
Be excited to work with cloud-based architectures and distributed databases

Work in a way that works for you
We recognize that the way in which people want to work and deliver at their best can vary for each person.
This is a flexible role and may be performed at your home and/or the local Akamai office (in the country advertised). We are happy to discuss working options in this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.
Working with us
At Akamai, were curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.
Working for you
At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life:
Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavours

Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.
About us
Innovating on a global scale, we deliver our customers a fast, smart and secure intelligent edge platform. Working against a backdrop of digital collaboration, our highly skilled teams build progressive solutions that have the scope to transform entertainment, business, and life in ways that we have yet to imagine.
Join us
Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!

Akamai Technologies is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength that diversity brings to the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race/ethnicity, protected veteran status, disability, or other protected group status.

Akamai is committed to complying with COVID-19 requirements in the countries where it operates. For locations or roles subject to vaccination mandates, we require proof of vaccination or an approved exemption, if permitted, as a condition of employment. We will provide additional details regarding our vaccine record submission and exemption request protocols during the hiring and onboarding process.

#LI-Remote


   Our work matters. We help people get the medicine they need to feel better and live well. We do not lose sight of that. It fuels our passion and drives every decision we make.
  

    Job Posting Title
  
 Software Engineer Lead Remote
  
    Job Description
  


    The Software Engineer Lead IT is responsible for leading the design of technology solutions to ensure they meet all resiliency, stability, non-functional, functional and operational readiness use cases. This position is responsible for owning the technology solutions within their area, including proactive monitoring and alerting, technological roadmap and communication of overall health and future sustainability.
  


    Responsibilities
  

 Lead design to ensure the technology solutions meet all resiliency, stability, non-functional, functional and operational readiness use cases
 Lead ongoing development, maintenance and support of existing systems and platforms
 Manage work direction, lead, influence, and provide feedback to other team members
 Participate in staffing plans to identify subject matter experts (SMEs) and provide feedback for staff performance reviews
 Own technology solutions within area, including proactive monitoring and alerting, technological roadmap and communication of overall health and future sustainability
 Drive innovation & continuous improvement
 Other duties as assigned



    Minimum Qualifications
  

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related area of study, or equivalent combination of education and/or relevant work experience; High School Diploma or GED equivalent required
 5 years of experience with application development or package software implementation
 Ability to manage work direction and lead, influence, mentor, and provide feedback to others within team
 Must be eligible to work in the United States without need for work visa or residency sponsorship



    Additional Qualifications
  

 Established presenter of technical and non-technical material adapted to the respective audience
 Ability to transition abstract concepts into stable and supportable software solutions
 Ability to develop unbiased options and recommendations to technical problems and unbiased comparisons
 Strong problem-solving and analysis skills
 Strong traits of decisiveness and judgment
 Ability to drive innovation and be forward thinking
 Excellent documentation skills



    Preferred Qualifications
  

 Experience working in environment with regulatory compliance requirements (HIPAA, PCI, etc.)
 Previous experience working an in Agile/Product Delivery model
 Previous experience in PBM / health care industry
 Understanding of security implications of domain
 Comfortable leading and mentoring others



    Minimum Physical Job Requirements
  

 Ability to travel up to 5% of the time
 Ability to work a flexible schedule including weekends and shifts outside of Prime’s core business hours of 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. as needed for technical support and/or project needs
 Constantly required to sit, use hands to handle or feel, talk and hear
 Frequently required to reach with hands and arms
 Occasionally required to stand, walk and stoop, kneel, and crouch
 Occasionally required to lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds
 Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus



    Reporting Structure
  

 Reports to a Manager in the Information Technology department



 Prime Therapeutics LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We encourage diverse candidates to apply and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status.





   Job Title:
   Software Engineer III (Backend)
  

    Department:
   IT, Telecom & Internet
  

    Country:
   United States of America
  

    State/Province:
   Arkansas
  

    City:
   Lowell
  

    Full/Part Time:
   Full time
  

    Job Summary:
   J.B. Hunt is building an entirely new platform to enable their internal and external potential. The position is responsible for development tasks assigned during the Agile sprint. This position documents programs, develops and implements new features, and supports critical web applications' layer architecture and various back end systems supporting the platform and other digital initiatives. The position applies some advanced programming techniques and concepts during the solution design and development.
  

    Job Description:
  

    ** $10,000 Sign-On Bonus for qualified new hires! **
  





 (Must be working directly with a J.B. Hunt Recruiter and not through a 3rd party to qualify)







    Key Responsibilities:
  

 Helps lead development efforts in an Agile development environment, daily stand ups, sprint planning, backlog grooming, retrospectives, and sprint demos
 Implements web designs that are asynchronous, responsive, and provide a rich user experience
 Develops and implements new features that meet J.B. Hunt’s standards in performance, reliability, and maintainability
 Develops and implements new services/applications that meet J.B. Hunt’s standards in performance, reliability, and maintainability
 Troubleshoots and solves production issues related to performance and reliability throughout the software stack with assistance from other team members
 Tests and validates functional changes according to documentation provided: Testing includes logical validation using unit and mutation tests, and functional validation via integration and UI tests. Results of testing procedure are to be used as input to trigger additional investigation, alteration of existing test cases, or further troubleshooting to resolve newly-introduced issues.
 Helps lead team members in execution and release of builds using continuous integration and deployment using our current CI/CD applications and processes.
 Help lead analysis and design tasks with the Agile team using software development lifecycle concepts
 Works within a collaborative environment and contributes to team goals by offering open and honest communication and helping to meet deadlines



    Qualifications:
  

    Bachelors degree in Computer Information Systems or Computer Science, Engineering, Technology or related field, or foreign equivalent, or suitable combination of education, experience and training.
   
 Plus 4 years of experience using technologies such as:
  

 Microservice, application programming interface design, publisher/subscriber, event driven, and streaming architectures. Example tooling can include but are not limited to Java 11+, .NET, C# and associated frameworks, AMQ and Kafka
 Web-UI design, implementation, and testing. Common tooling can include JavaScript, TypeScript, CSS, HTML and associated frameworks (such as Angular 8+)
 Implementation, performance management, and testing of relational databases (RDBMS) such as IBM DB2 or Microsoft SQL Server, NoSQL databases such as MongoDB also preferred
 Cloud based containerization and deployment strategies. Common tools can include Kubernetes, docker, and tomcat
 React Native framework or iOS/Android development experience



    Benefits: In addition to medical, dental, vision, and other standard benefits like life insurance and matched 401(k), we provide specialized benefits like adoption assistance, pet insurance, mental health resources, and gym discounts. We proudly offer five employee resource groups to help connect and further the cause of African Americans, Latinos, veterans, women, and LGBTQIA+ employees, as well as weaving inclusion into the fabric of our work lives through mentoring and training.
  


    Compensation: $95,200- $119,000 annually
  


    Education:
   Bachelors: Computer and Information Science (Required), Bachelors: Computer Engineering (Required), Bachelors: Information Technology (Required), Bachelors: Management Information Systems (Required)
  

    Work Experience:
   Engineering, Software Development
  

    Certifications:
  


    Job Opening ID:
   00452910 Software Engineer III (Backend) (Open)
  

 “This job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this 
classification.
 It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.



 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.”


We are seeking an experienced Software Developer to support our CORESense Connect™ software application. Ideal candidate is intellectually curious, self-motivated and enjoys troubleshooting, fixing, improving, and enhancing complex software applications.
This position is 100% remote, offers flexible work week and hours, Health/Vision/ Dental Insurance, and competitive compensation.
Responsibilities:
Translate end-customers’ business needs into technical requirements.
Design, develop, test and release code fixes, updates, improvements, and enhancements to the CORESense Connect™ software application to meet end-customer’s business needs.
Qualifications:
At Least 3 Years of back-end application code development experience with Linux/Ubunu, Nginx, PHP and MYSQL.
Strong command of JavaScript Frameworks like jQuery and AngularJS.
Strong command of HTML/HTML5 and CSS.
Strong understanding of MVC and object-oriented programming.
Experience with Agile development methodologies.
Desire and ability to work with code you didn’t write.
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent experience.
Contact:
CORESense offers a competitive salary commensurate with experience and education and a comprehensive benefits package that includes Paid Time Off (PTO), medical/dental/vision benefits, paid holidays, and a 401(k) plan.
Qualified applications are invited to end their resumes and cover letter to hr@coresense.com. We thank all applications for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls and no agencies please.
CORESense is an equal opportunity employer.
About CORESense

CORESense is part of the FOG Software Group. The Fog Software Group is a division of Constellation Software (TSX:CSU), a leading provider of software and services to a select group of public and private sector markets with over 125,000 customers in over 100 countries.


4+ years of professional software development experience
 3+ years of programming experience with at least one software programming language
 2+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Experience as a mentor, tech lead OR leading an engineering team
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
 5+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design
 3+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems
 Experience with machine learning, rankers, model evaluations, and recommendations systems.




  Job summary
   Just finished Jack Ryan and want to find more action titles like that? Looking for a movie that's like The Tomorrow Wars? So are millions of our Prime Video customers. The Prime Video Title-Title Relevance team suggests videos that are relevant and related to content they know and love. We obsess over title and entity relationships to help customers browse our catalog with the context they need to find something great every time they log in.
  
 We tailor these recommendations through a variety of machine learning and statistical based algorithms that you can help shape. Not only will you be exposed to the cutting edge of machine learning research, you'll collaborate with a talented team of engineers and scientists to build scalable services that provide title recommendations at incredible scale and speed.
  
 Key job responsibilities
   As a member of the Prime Video team, you will spend your time as a hands-on engineer and a technical leader. You will play a key role on the team, building and guiding software products and features from the ground up. You will use a wide range of technologies, programming languages and systems. Your responsibilities will include all aspects of software development. At the end of the day, you will have the reward of seeing your contributions benefit millions of Amazon.com customers worldwide.
  
 A day in the life
   Some examples of the things we work on:
  

 Work with AWS development technologies and tools to build new capabilities and services
 Using Neural Networks, Deep Learning, and clustering techniques to find titles that customers will enjoy
 Build and operate services that deliver millions of recommendations per second
 Extend models and algorithms to support our ever growing ways of consuming content (subscriptions, live, rentals etc), dealing with unique challenges such as observational bias and rapidly scaling dimensions.
 We primarily use big data processing technology, EMR, and Sagemaker.
 Machine learning engineers work with applied scientists to understand our models, partner with Applied Scientists to bring them to production, and build new features with them.
 Constantly experimenting with changes to the underlying algorithms and models to deliver relevant content to a wide variety of customer experiences
 If you are ready to truly make an impact on a product that is used by millions of people around the world, including your own friends and family, then we would love to talk to you.
  
 About the team
  

 Team of engineers that works closely with the Applied Science team.
 On call rotation to ensure our services are continuing to deliver our customers a good experience
 While the entire team owns the full stack, we are a mixture of backend engineers to support on our online recommendation serving, and ML/Big Data Engineers that create and implement models, and analyze our data to suggest improvements or learn from experiments.





Meets/exceeds Amazon’s leadership principles requirements for this role
 Meets/exceeds Amazon’s functional/technical depth and complexity for this role
 Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent
 Experience with Java
 Experience with with scalable data processing platforms and tools like Spark, Hadoop, Sagemaker, EMR.
 Excellence in technical communications with both technical and non-technical peers
 Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 



   Job Description:
  


    FactSet’s product suite of smart analytics and unique data empower the world’s leading financial service professionals to make more informed decisions every day. At our heart is an inclusive community unified by the spirit of going above and beyond. Our philosophy is to embrace diversity, and that our best ideas can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time. We continuously look ahead to advance the future and technology of our industry, by rolling up our sleeves to solve tough problems together, and by learning from our successes, as well as our failures.
  


    To be a software engineer at FactSet is to shape the future of investments technology. We’re looking for hard-working and outside-the-box thinkers to bring new perspective and fresh ideas to our Universal Screening team. The Universal Screening product is the key driver of many research and analytics workflows, and as such, is highly valued by our clients.
  

    The Screening team is a group of high-performing members representing different functional roles with all the necessary skills to create an enterprise solution. Our engineers find the right balance between FactSet's flexible environment where everyone can contribute individually, yet at the same time cultivate a community where they can depend on each other for help, learning, and development. We are looking for a motivated and talented Software Engineer to join us as we build this product suite. This collaborative position involves infrastructure design, significant code development, code review and development documentation.
  


    Minimum Requirements:
  

 1-5+ years of software development experience



    Critical Skills:
  

 Experience programming with C++ or another OOP language (Java, C#, etc.)
 Desire to both design and implement reliable and maintainable software



    Additional / Preferred Skills:
  

 Programming experience in C++, Go, and/or JavaScript
 Experience with Linux and Windows programming environments
 Experience working with and managing a large code base
 Experience in iterative and incremental software development frameworks such as Agile or Scrum



    Education:
  

 BS or MS degree in Computer Science (or equivalent)



 Why Life is Better as a FactSetter:


 Secure your future with our discounted employee stock purchase program and 401K matching
 Flexible, hybrid, and remote work arrangements available
 4 weeks paid time off your first year of employment
 No or low-cost medical, dental and vision care
 In-office lunch stipend Monday-Friday, plus a variety of snack and beverages in the office daily
 Wellness programs including gym discounts and more
 16 weeks paid parental leave for the primary caregiver (4 weeks for secondary)
 Employee referral bonuses
 And more!



    FactSet is an Equal Opportunity Employer – M/F/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
  



JOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position - No agencies (See notes below)
 LOCATION: Remote (TimeZone: )
 HOURLY RANGE: Our client is looking to pay $120 - $150 USD / HR
 ESTIMATED DURATION: 40Hrs/Week - Long-term, ongoing project

 Requirements


Responsible for the analysis, design, and development of software solutions
Defines requirements for new applications and customizations, adhering to standards, processes, and best practices
 Provides technical leadership to projects including architecting and creating a high-level design, working with other technical leaders to drive out the detailed design and implementation of highly complex applications, interfaces and integrations
Applies technical capabilities within own discipline to coach and develop junior employees
Integrates at an enterprise level using third-party middleware or messaging products, or by designing and implementing custom interfaces and mapping for those interfaces
Responsible for performance engineering of the enterprise software architecture, and providing functional guidance, advice, and/or training to other application developers
Group-wide and external public speaking and other communications conveying domain level directions
Researches and evaluates tools and acquisition opportunities to support crossdomain needs



 ABOUT THE HIRING PROCESS:
 Qualified candidates will be invited to do a screening interview with the Braintrust staff. We will answer your questions about the project, and our platform. If we determine it is the right fit for both parties, we'll invite you to join the platform and create a profile to apply directly for this project.
 C2C Candidates: This role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. But if you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around your consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.
 Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.

 This is a remote position.
 

90% of the work will be Python and QT, with some Rust and Open GL work also. C++ developers with decent Python skills who can transition full-time to Python are welcome.
Our client is seeking mid-level to senior QT Software Engineers with outstanding technical software development skills with extensive experience in development of both web and rich client software in C++ or Python-based applications. The individual will have a track record of working within agreed methods and frameworks for software development. You will help to enhance a Desktop 3D frontend, web frontend, and cloud-based infrastructure with a particular focus on developing new features that are relevant to the offshore wind industry. These tools allow users to design models, connect to a cloud-based engineering simulation engine, and visualize/post-process results. You will help with development of the client's proprietary Modeler, which is a QT-based front-end to their engine. You will improve the client's ability to support customer requests and add new front-end features. These are very high-impact for their customers and sales because front-end features are user- facing. You will need to be extremely comfortable communicating with engineers in a very technical landscape. This position reports to the Chief Architect with also a line to the Technology Development team.
Key Responsibilities: Use Python (and Qt, QML, OpenGL, numpy) to implement new features and maintain existing features for the Desktop frontend. Some Rust and OPEN GL work.Create prototypes for new ideas and features.Work collaboratively with the engineering teams to understand end user requirements to provide technical solutions, user interface designs as well as implementation of new software features.Help develop a clear and robust desktop API which is a basis for a scripting interface, an automated end-to-end test suite, and allowing development of 3rd-party plugins.Ensure the reliability of desktop application via framework of testing layers (unit-test, integration test, end-to-end test). Add and update tests as the application scales up.Build a test suite to detect bugs, errors for the application to ensure it's in good shape at all times, including the UI/UX requirement.
Experience and Qualifications: 5 years minimum overall application programming experience.Previous work experience as a Python Developer with QT, or C++ and QTDegree in Computer Science and/or Engineering or related discipline.Hands on experience with Python user interface frameworks.Up-to-date with the latest UI/UX techniques and technologies.Used to working in an International context with good written and spoken English.Experience in UI development, preferably in CAE/CAD/3D graphics applications.Understanding of performance testing and optimization techniques.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
CEdge has an opportunity for an SOFTWARE ENGINEER IV located in St Louis MO(REMOTE). If you are ready to work alongside World Renowned Technology experts, and carry the skills below, this is the opportunity that will inevitably take your career to unbelievable levels!

Job Title: SOFTWARE ENGINEER IV

Description: SR. BI ENGINEER -


About The Position

Generates reports and/or datasets for end users, using system tools, databases, and scripts. May alter deliverables based on evolving business needsTrouble-shoots and fix reports and/or dashboards by working with stakeholders on understanding the business problemsWorks independently to solve complex problemsInitiates and leads meetings with key business stakeholders

Key responsibilities include:

Builds an understanding of existing systems, databases, and procedures and follows corporate policies when executing projectsApplies best practices and established procedures to analyze data and identify trendsAssists in the creation of dashboards and reporting models in a relational database management systemEngages with business stakeholders to develop an understanding of their operations and define how analytics can solve key business problemsDocuments data requirements and works with business users to understand the goal of a project or analysisDemonstrates a bias for action by hitting deadlines, communicating with project stakeholders, and producing polished outputsIntegrates data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elementsPartners effectively with team members and departments to achieve the best resultsRequests feedback on own work and provides feedback to othersDevelops innovative and efficient solutions for existing processes or new projectsPartners effectively with other departments to fully define analytics requirements for solving business problems, sometimes going beyond the initial ask of business colleaguesMentors less experienced co-workersEffectively works and communicates with Sr. Leadership to deliver analytical insightsMakes strategic recommendations to senior leadership based on data analysis

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in mathematics, statistics, computer science or business7+ years of relevant experienceMaster’s and/or Ph.D. in a technical discipline e.g., engineering, mathematics, statistics, finance/economics or business management) may replace a maximum of 2 years of experience.Extensive experience in data modeling and data warehouse modeling and ETL conceptsStrong knowledge of data visualization (OBIEE/OAC), ETL (ODI), relational databases and writing queries (SQL)

In addition to the above qualifications, the successful candidate will demonstrate:
Strong analytical skills to address business problemsAbility to manage multiple priorities and to clarify priorities, scope, and requirement in ambiguous situations

Thanks

WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU?
Full Benefits Package
10 Days PTO
10 Paid Holidays
401K
WHO ARE WE?
CEdge Software Consultants is an innovative IT consulting firm, and a strategic business partner. We offer IT solutions to Federal and State governments, as well as, Commercial Enterprises throughout the United States. Our main objective is to create an integrity-based culture that takes pride in working as a collaborative team that focuses on growth and is driven by the desire to provide purely ethical services for both our clients and teammates.

Piper Companies is seeking a Software Architect for a world leading technology organization. The Software Architect will be responsible for the overall architecture of a go to market software and cloud based solution. An ideal candidate for the Software Architect will have earlier career experience as a software developer working into a software architecture role.

 Responsibilities for the Software Architect include: 

 Provide overall technical leadership and architectural guidance to multiple Agile teams
 Design and implement scalable architectural software and cloud based solutions 
 Write and provide clear documentation of the architecture 
 Research new technologies and make technology decisions

 
Requirements for the Software Architect include: 

 Proven software architecture experience architecting cloud native enterprise scalable solutions
 Previous professional java development experience and understanding of OO best practices
 Strong understanding of microservices architecture and data security best practices
 Experience with Azure or AWS 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science and/or Computer Engineering preferred or relevant work experience

 
Compensation of the Software Architect: $170,000 - $225,000 plus a comprehensive benefits package

 
 

 No relocation assistance, sponsorship, or C2C arrangements available

 
Keywords: Software Architect, Sr. Software Developer, Sr. Software Engineer, Sr. Java Developer, Sr. Java Engineer, Sr. Full Stack Developer, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, REACT, Angular, REST, Microservices, Spring Boot, Spring Batch, Arlington, Virginia, Washington DC


WHY BECOME A DEFINER?

Here at RxDefine we ethically empower people to navigate their health. We believe that every human should have low cost, transparent access to the information, products, and services they need to take full ownership of their health.

We are looking for like-minded people eager to join our team and to help architect the future of life science commercialization through our enterprise SaaS products. We are a small but mighty team of around 60 (for now!) internationally-based colleagues. As we grow, we are looking for Definers who want to join us on our growth journey and who are ALSO committed to our values of teamwork and honesty!

Our founding team has designed and built companies on the consumer front acquired by Google, as well as enterprise tech companies deployed across The Fortune 500. We are backed by some of the best investors in the world, including RRE Ventures, Bling Capital, Founders Fund, Greycroft, and more.
PERKS OF BEING A DEFINER:

Impacting the future of healthcare - your innovations could very likely become the new norm for millions of people.
Working alongside the founders of the company. If you have any entrepreneurial desire to start your own company in the future, you will see first-hand what it takes.
100% fully remote, internationally DISTRIBUTED team, but with frequent opportunities to collaborate in-person.
Technology, office setup & co-working space reimbursement!
Freedom and responsibility to structure your work as you desire. We measure output and results and believe freedom allows for maximum ability.
Unlimited PTO!
Family leave, up to 10 weeks of 100% paid salary.
Open communication - we believe in being transparent and radically honest with no retaliation.
Competitive salary and equity
Medical/dental/vision benefits

CULTURAL VALUES:

 Radically Honest, Dedicated, Independent, Dependable, Empathize & Do What's Right
THE VALUE YOU WILL BRING!

You have real-world experience building complex distributed systems and you genuinely care about code quality and test infrastructure
You prioritize end-user experience and business value over "cool tech" and you have developed "computer science fundamentals", i.e. concurrency, algorithms, and data structures (Formal CS degree NOT required)
Experience working with Django and DRF (Django Rest framework)
Experience developing client-server applications and RESTful services
Experience with RabbitMQ, Redis, PostgreSQL, Git, JIRA, Docker
A plus:
Enterprise SaaS or previous experience within the HealthCare field
Large scale data pipelines involving 3rd parties
API to power complex visualizations powered by ECharts, d3 etc.
DevOps experience (Kubernetes, Google Cloud, Terraform, GitlabCI/CD).
ID Graph experience
We encourage you to apply, even if you don't fit all of these requirements

WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO LOOK FORWARD TO?

RxDefine is seeking a Backend Software Engineer to develop scalable infrastructure that serves a range of clients from bleeding edge to major pharmaceutical companies. You will build secure, resilient infrastructure from the ground up! You will be responsible to review code across the entire stack and engineering organization while actively participating in product development, and to find the right balance between progress (i.e. shipping quickly) and perfection (i.e. measuring twice). The Backend Software Engineer will foster an efficient deterministic testing culture, with an emphasis on minimizing tech debt and bureaucracy and participate in architecture development and enhancement. You will help scale the team, ship code that will be used to improve the healthcare system in the US, develop APIs for interaction with the web-frontend and app-frontend and participate in estimation and planning sessions.

RxDefine provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
#LI-Remote
Full-stack engineer for a cutting-edge startup in the careers space. Desire to design, develop, and maintain code of the highest quality. Powering with generalized, reusable packages and excellent use of design patterns. Applicants can either be all-rounders or heavily weighted in either back-end or front-end. A strong desire to learn and a passion for your craft are a must. Self-starter mindset, ability to think for yourself while collaborating with others, ability to contribute to architecture and design discussions.
Qualifications:

Proven experience as a full-stack engineer or similar role
Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and frameworks (e.g. HTML, CSS, JS, TS, Angular, React, Vue, Svelte, etc.)
AND/OR knowledge of multiple back-end languages and libraries (e.g. NodeJS, TS, NestJS, Kotlin, Python, etc.)
Broad experience in the JS ecosystem REST and/or GraphQL SQL and NoSQL databases
Knowledge of engineering best practices (e.g. OOP, FP, SOLID, TDD, clean code, design patterns, micro services)
Excellent communication and teamwork skills

Job Responsibilities:

Design, develop, deploy, monitor, and maintain software on a high-traffic website
Build on an established track record of delivering results and owning solutions in a high-volume production environment
Writing, running, and maintaining your own automated testing
Establish best practices within an agile environment while maintaining balance and speed
Develop and architect code for the present with an eye for the future
Communicate effectively with product managers and management around drawbacks and advantages to design decisions
Create security and data protection settings

Apply Today: https://candidate.cnect.jobs/#/landing/job/A4wxxBohvfroWeFHhf4c_en-US
Full-time employees are eligible for medical, vision, dental, and long-term disability benefits. The company covers long-term disability at 100%, contributes 50% of your medical premium. In addition, you will be eligible for our retirement savings plan benefit. Cnect will make employer contributions to your 401(k) up to 100% of contributions.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Must Have 3 Year Experience in .Net
Experience in developing REST APIs and Microservices using .NET Core or .NET 5
Experience in using .NET core

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $66,021.00 - $85,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

.NET: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 8328384833

Avaya Cloud Engineer

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent related experience in the field of telecommunications
At least 3 years supporting cloud based telephony solutions
Passionate about telecommunications and the new era of cloud-based telephony
Know the ins and outs of IP protocols (TCP, UDP, TLS, etc.)
Knowledge/experience debugging technical issues (PSTN, SIP, etc.), and love to dive into solutions by "sitting down and figuring it out".
Skilled at partnering with both technical and non-technical customers to explain, implement, or troubleshoot product-related items
Experience supporting remote end-users
Ability to track work within an online ticketing system
Experience supporting Avaya OneCloud applications
Ability to work remotely and be part of an engineering team
Self starter with great time management
Experience with deploying and installation of Avaya OneCloud solutions
Ability to work various hours depending on project needs
Rotating on call schedule

Remote position
80 to 100K bases on experience
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


Travel Required: None 
Public Trust: Other 
Requisition Type: Regular 

Summary:
 Develops, analyzes, and models operational, financial, and other organizational data to quantify the competitive performance of business segments, evaluate potential operational changes, and design new approaches and methodologies. Applies functional, technical, SQL, analytical skills to manage and manipulate complex, high-volume data from various sources.

 Overview:
 We seek a Senior Software Analyst with strong development skills to join a team supporting the Provider Relief Fund (PRF). The Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA)'s Provider Relief Bureau (PRB) supports healthcare providers in the battle against the COVID-19 outbreak. HRSA is responsible for distributing funding to hospitals and healthcare providers on the front lines of the coronavirus response using the Provider Relief Funds (PRF) mechanism; to prevent, diagnose, and treat COVID-19; and maintain or increase health capacity and staffing levels to address this public health emergency. In support of the Provider Relief Fund Federal program, GDIT is tasked to continue to support and enhance the existing Salesforce modules, data mart, reports, and provide operational support of the PRF systems.
 Responsibilities:

 Work with non-technical business users to solve open-ended business problems using data.
 Collect, merge, manipulate, analyze, evaluate, and display data
 Extract qualitative and quantitative relationships (i.e., patterns, trends) from large datasets using SQL and other tools
 Gather and organize information for use in supporting the decision-making process
 Develop and enhance ETL processes and data transformations using any or all: SQL, PL/SQL, SSIS, Informatica, Snowflake, and Shell Scripting
 Participate in data governance activities
 Develop and implement data analysis plans and perform complex data manipulation and reporting tasks
 Develop and present detailed technical solutions to solve open-ended business problems
 Performs all phases of the software development lifecycle
 Creates a variety of models and diagrams that show programmers the software code needed for an application
 Performs software updates, refinement, testing, and debugging to meet business needs
 Advises on the software or system for optimal documentation and future maintenance and updates
 May coach and provide guidance to junior practitioners
 May serve as a team or task lead

 Qualifications:
 Required:

 Bachelors; Desired Education: Masters
 8+ Years of related IT experience
 Experience working with non-technical business users to solve open-ended business problems using data
 Experience gathering requirements for and responding to ad hoc data requests from business users
 Superior SQL skills
 Experience in Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing
 Experience developing and enhancing ETL processes and data transformations using any or all: SQL, PL/SQL, SSIS, Informatica, Snowflake, and Shell Scripting
 Experience evaluating and merging unique data sets using SQL to augment and streamline existing processes and deliverables
 Superior writing and communication skills. Must write succinctly and clearly and explain complex technical details in plain English to technical and non-technical audiences
 Excellent multi-tasking and organization skills. Must manage multiple simultaneous tasks and prioritize assignments and tasks accordingly, remaining flexible to changing priorities and new initiatives
 Experience in identifying and resolving data anomalies, data quality, and compliance issues in data
 Experience using, manipulating, and presenting data using MS Excel
 Proficient with MS Office Suite
 Experience using agile methodologies to prioritize and perform data analytics tasks


 Desired:

 Experience using Tableau to develop data visualization capabilities
 Experience conducting trade studies and implementing business intelligence tools/solutions in collaboration with Federal customers and stakeholders
 Familiarity with cloud analytics platform e.g., AWS/Azure
 Experience supporting data governance policies and supporting infrastructures spanning diverse stakeholders


The likely salary range for this position is $106,355 - $159,533, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. 
View information about benefits and our total rewards program. 



About Our Work
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
COVID-19 Vaccination
 GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
 GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.




About Us
 Novate is an Industrial Technology Services firm with 20+ years of providing professional engineering design, turnkey project implementation, and support services for the technology that runs industrial production facilities. Our clients are large scale industrial facilities that rely on us for our expertise and high-quality implementation of process control systems, information software, instrumentation, industrial networks, SCADA/BMS, measurement, inspection, motion, and state-of-the-art Industry 4.0 technologies.
 About You
 You have invested your time and energy into education within your field. You think on your feet and enjoy using your skills to solve real-world problems in large-scale industrial processes. You want to be on a team comprised of supportive, communicative, and simply amazing technical professionals.
 If you are excited about the idea of investing in your career and being challenged technically and professionally in a diverse range of industries from Semiconductor to Aerospace, Food to Mining, then Novate is the place for you!
 About the Role
 The primary purpose of this role is to deliver exceptional service by completing all project deliverables on time for all assigned projects, meeting all company quality control requirements and keeping customers briefed on project status. Under limited supervision this individual must have the ability to operate multiple concurrent projects, provide support initiative, possess exceptional awareness, and be extremely organized with adaptive time management skills.
 Performance Expectations

 Complete programming on client required platforms in various industrial environments.


Manage and execute on multiple project schedules to ensure timely completion. 
Provide input and recommendations that help clients clarify their mission objectives, understand the implications of their decisions and requirements and anticipate efficiency, compliance, safety, and operational needs.


Provide engineering support as needed, and on-call, for critical process failures and warranty support for automation solutions.


Other duties as assigned.


 Requirements

 Minimum two (2) to five (5) years’ experience of verifiable PAC/PLC and SCADA programming skills to deliver turnkey automation solutions for sophisticated industrial applications.


Intermediate knowledge with PLC programming: Rockwell RS Logix 5000 (required), Allen Bradley, Delta V, Siemens, Exposure to multiple PLC manufactures and platforms.


Ability to operate in RLL, SFC and ST.


Project management experience a plus.


Intermediate knowledge of HMI/SCADA programming: System Platform, Ignition, Factory Talk View SE.


Able to configure HART instrumentation.


Basic knowledge of industry and regulatory standards, design criteria and codes relevant to Instrumentation and Controls.


Ability to type 35+ WPM.


Ability to travel locally or out of state if necessary up to 25% of the time.

 Desirable Qualifications and Experience

Experience in operation or engineering work within large scale industry (food, semi-conductor, petro-chemical, biotech, mining, etc.)


Database scripting, SQL query generation for MS SQL, MySQL or Oracle


AutoCAD experience in the controls engineering field


C++/C# development and troubleshooting


Electrical design experience


Basic understanding of Ethernet based networks


ISA Certified Automation Professional (CAP)

 License/Certifications:

Valid CA driver’s license


California Professional Engineer (PE) desired

 Competencies:

Communication


Results Driven


Critical Thinking


Work Independently

 Physical Demands:
 The ability to lift up to 50 pounds with frequent standing, walking, bending, kneeling, stooping, crouching and crawling into confined spaces.
 Travel Requirement:
 Ability to travel up to 25%.
 Work Authorization/Security Clearance:
 Ability to pass a DOD security level background check.
 Equal Opportunity Employer
 NO RECRUITERS OR PHONE CALLS PLEASE

Who We are

BairesDev is proud to be the fastest-growing company in America. With people in five continents and world-class clients, we are only as strong as the multicultural teams at the heart of our business. To consistently deliver the highest quality solutions to our clients, we only hire the Top 1% of the best talents and nurture their professional growth on exciting projects.
Email Marketing Specialist at BairesDev
We are looking for Email Marketing Specialists to join our company. As part of this team, you will coordinate and execute the development and publishing of email campaigns, executing all email promotion set-up and trouble-shooting and potential issues.
This is an excellent opportunity for those professionals looking to develop in one of the fastest-growing companies in the industry!
What You’ll Do:
Build email lists, create emails, and foster leads through written communications.Work with email automation software, sending mass emails.Focus on executing segmentation, delivering specific messages to select audiences based on behavior.Monitoring and analysis of the campaign's results.Secure email databases for future campaigns.
Here’s what we are looking for:
2+ years of software development experience demonstrating basic programming skills, application analysis, and testing.Proficiency in implementing email programs within ESP tool limitations.Experience with Bootstrap, Foundation, or similar systems.Experience working w/ build tools.Familiar with responsive web development for multi-touch devices.Working experience with Photoshop, Illustrator, Sketch.Advance English Level.
How we do make your work (and your life) easier:
100% remote work.Hardware setup for you to work from home.
- Flexible hours - make your schedule.
Paid parental leave, vacation & holidays.Diverse and multicultural work environment.An innovative environment with the structure and resources of a leading multinational.Excellent compensation — well above the market average.Here you can grow at the speed of your learning curve.
Our people work remotely but with a consistent and robust culture that promotes diversity and teamwork. To continue being the leading software development company in Latin America, we want to ensure that every BairesDev member gets the best growth and professional development opportunities in a diverse, welcoming, and innovative environment.

Every BairesDev team member brings something unique to our company.
We want to hear your story. Apply now!

Job Description



This is Ekkiden Ambition and innovation are our driving force. We aim high, act quickly, and acquire the wherewithal that we need to achieve our objectives. Our organisation is shaped by the requirements of both our clients and our teams. Becoming a European benchmark requires hard work, quality and respect. We pave our own path, with international teams committed to sustainable growth. We help clients to innovate and we make sure we question ourselves at all times. At Ekkiden everything is possible. Our managers are trained to bring out the best in every team member. If you are daring, creative, and have great people skills, if you want to live an extraordinary human experience and you don’t want to keep reminding yourself why you get up in the morning, it's time to meet up. 
  Role Within an international environment, we are looking for an experienced backend engineer to help the current team to architect and deliver new projects. The new consultant will be integrated into a multidisciplinary group with backend developers, frontend developers, mobile developers, and systems engineers to deliver projects with cutting-edge technologies. 
   This role is open to candidate working remotely from the GMT/CET time zone. Responsibilities:
  
 Design and implement reliable, high-performance systems to meet customer-facing and internal product needs 
Build and maintain secure cloud infrastructure solutions for high availability and ease-of-use 
Develop RESTful APIs with Django Rest Framework 
Architect new services using the latest technologies 
Designing and implementation of the infrastructure for new projects 
Integration with third-party APIs 
Deploy new services in AWS 
CI/CD design and implementation 
Provide feedback and mentorship to other engineers through code review, working sessions, design reviews, and other means 
What we are looking for :
  
 Master's university degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology 
5+ years of working experience on development and systems administration 
Strong knowledge of at least one backend programming language, preferably Python or Django 
Good knowledge of CI/CD pipelines 
Experience creating Docker images to deploy software 
Extensive experience with at least one major cloud infrastructures provider such as AWS or Linux 
Experience deploying and managing web applications on AWS from the Frontend to the Backend 
Understanding of modern web application technologies like containers, such as Docker or Kubernetes 
AI/ML knowledge is a plus 
DevOps, JIRA and GitHub experience is a plus 
Azure or AWS certifications linked to Infrastructure, Development, or Data management is a plus 
Fluent in English. Spanish is a plus 

We offer : 

Participate in the creation of a European technology and organisational consulting group 
A unique, innovative and dynamic working environment 
A career path tailored to your personality, both in terms of job position and location 
The opportunity to express yourself, assert your opinion and make an impact within our organisation and/or further afield 
You say it, you own it. Once your idea has been given the go-ahead, it is up to you to make it happen 
A demanding and innovative training programme delivered by our greatest experts 
Age is just a number, what really matter are achievements. We have a fast-track promotion system for employees who deliver 
Our working conditions are concentric with our values and ambitions 
Part time remote conditions





Job Detail



     Job Id
    

     JD2310769
     


     Industry
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Total Positions
    

     1
     


     Job Type:
    

     Full Time
     


     Salary:
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Employment Status
    

     Permanent 
    


     Job Location
    

     Remote, India
     


     Education
    

     Not mentioned
     


     Experience
    

     Year
    



We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to produce and implement functional software solutions. You will work with upper management to define software requirements and take the lead on operational and technical projects. In this role, you should be able to work independently with little supervision. You should have excellent organization and problem-solving skills. If you have hands-on experience in software development and agile methodologies, we’d like to meet you. Your goal will be to develop high-quality software that is aligned with user needs and business goals.
Responsibilities

Develop high-quality software design and architecture
Identify, prioritize and execute tasks in the software development life cycle
Develop tools and applications by producing clean, efficient code
Automate tasks through appropriate tools and scripting
Review and debug code
Perform validation and verification testing
Collaborate with internal teams and vendors to fix and improve products
Document development phases and monitor systems
Ensure software is up-to-date with latest technologies

Skills

5+ years experience as a Senior Software Engineer
Extensive experience in software development, scripting and project management
Experience using system monitoring tools (e.g. New Relic) and automated testing frameworks
Knowledge of selected programming languages (e.g. Python, C++) and the Java/J2EE platform and Ruby (Required)
In-depth knowledge of relational databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL) and NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB)
Familiarity with various operating systems (Linux, Mac OS, Windows)
Analytical mind with problem-solving aptitude
Ability to work independently
Excellent organizational and leadership skills
BSc/BA in Computer Science or a related degree

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $96,953.00 - $171,654.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:All employees must have or be willing to receive the vaccine prior to the first day of employment.
Application Question(s):

Please cite your work eligibility status as either United States citizen, GC, or H1B visa holder.

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Software Engineer: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote


JOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position - No agencies (See notes below)
 LOCATION: Remote (TimeZone: BST, CST, EST)
 HOURLY RANGE: Our client is looking to pay $100 - $135 USD / HR
 ESTIMATED DURATION: 40Hrs/Week - Long-term, ongoing project

 ABOUT US:
 Braintrust (usebraintrust.com) is a user-controlled talent network, where you keep 100% of what you earn and get a say in how the network is run with the BTRST token. We've onboarded some of the world's most reputable brands and now we need a Node.js for one of our clients.

 ABOUT OUR CLIENT:
 Our client was born out of a vision to advance the craft of software development for creators, visionaries, and humanity. We’re searching for developers who care passionately about the craft of software development and are hungry to level up.
 We’re dedicated to growth through discipline, collaboration, and mentorship. Our goal is to master the art of building software as small teams of passionate craftspeople. We help our clients—from brand new start-ups to tech companies and enterprise organizations—implement their own diverse cultures of software development mastery.
 We practice lower-case ‘a’ agile implemented as a mix of XP (extreme programming), lean, and user centered design. We have strong opinions loosely held and are always exploring new and better ways to build software systems and organize teams.
 A week in the life at Artium:

 Start the day with a quick standup.
Dive into a mix of pair or solo programming, depending on the task at hand.
Take time for lunch and breaks.
Sign off and recharge at the end of the work day.
Finish the week with a team retrospective.
Cross collaborate with product managers and designers.
Own your calendar: spend most of your time coding instead of in meetings, join the activities that interest you.
Join engineering craft workshops where you’ll share ideas and get exposed to new techniques.
Mentor others in your areas of expertise.
Take time to study new methods, technologies, or other areas of interest.
Model our values of pursuing mastery, humanity, and courage. Read more here to see what that means to us.

 Deliverable:
 You'll be working on an exciting US Government project

 Some things you might have in your background:

 Experience with Node.js
You value cooperation and view software development as a team activity
You’re comfortable collaborating in a remote environment
You have strong opinions loosely held
You’re committed to your craft and have a desire for continuous learning and growth

 ABOUT THE HIRING PROCESS:
 Qualified candidates will be invited to do a screening interview with the Braintrust staff. We will answer your questions about the project, and our platform. If we determine it is the right fit for both parties, we'll invite you to join the platform and create a profile to apply directly for this project.
 C2C Candidates: This role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. But if you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around your consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.
 Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.

 This is a remote position.
 
DeVry University strives to close our society’s opportunity gap by preparing learners to thrive in careers shaped by continuous technological change. Through innovative programs, relevant partnerships, and exceptional care, we empower students to meaningfully improve their lives, communities, and workplaces.


When you apply for a DeVry University career, you become part of an institution that dates back to 1931. Our colleagues are passionate about higher education and shaping the future of today’s learners.
Opportunity:
We are interested in developing long-term relationships with superior instructors who have high professional standards, excellent communication skills, enthusiasm and a commitment to providing the finest practitioner-focused education. We are seeking primarily Industry Professionals to share their knowledge and experience with undergraduate and graduate students in a variety of fields.

Primary responsibilities will include course development and redevelopment
Potential instructional opportunities in area(s) of expertise in the online learning environment.
Commitment is on a course by course basis.

Responsibilities:

Develop and review course material, following the guidance set forth by the National Dean.
During instructional opportunities, provide students with an approved DeVry University syllabus that follows a template established by the National Dean, and which includes the terminal course objectives.
Organizes, prepares, and regularly revises and update all course materials.
Uses appropriate technological options for online technologies and course-related software, including Websites, e-mail, and online discussions for preparing the course and making it accessible to students.
Models effective oral and written communications that engage the students, provide clarity, and improve student learning.
Sets clear expectations for the course by publishing course terminal objectives, assignment/examinations dates, and weight the distribution of various evaluation categories.
Ensures that the content and level of material included on exams correspond to the course terminal objectives.
Demonstrates consistency and fairness in the preparation and grading of assignments and exams, and provide timely feedback to students.
Completes other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
A master's degree is required for all faculty positions (with 18 graduate hours in the subject being taught for undergraduate teaching). PhD preferred.
Salesforce Administrator cert required,, Salesforce App Builder and/or Developer certification preferred
Additional requirements driven by state licensing or accreditation considerations may apply.
Faculty must have requisite subject matter expertise and outstanding communication skills.
Faculty must also have excellent motivational and instructional skills in a diverse and non-traditional environment.
Must be able to work in a collegial manner and facilitate the efforts of diverse groups.
We believe diversity is essential to our educational mission and to the success of our community. We are committed to fostering a working environment where differences are respected, valued and embraced.

DeVry does not require Colleagues provide proof of their vaccination status except where it is mandated by state, city or local rules.
Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
At FANUC America Corporation we are passionate about our customers, our employees, and the work we perform. We maintain a workplace where individuals can be proud of, where talents are embraced, and results are encouraged and supported.

We are looking for talented people who value integrity, informed decision-making and collaboration. If you believe you are one of those talented people, and are interested in being considered for a career at FANUC America, we invite you to apply today!

FANUC America Corporation is the world leader in robotics, CNC systems and factory automation and has been voted by our employees as a Top Workplace, year after year. Our innovative technologies and proven expertise help manufacturers in the Americas to be more efficient, reliable and profitable.

FANUC America Corporation is currently searching for an Engineer – Software & Controls in the Grand Rapids, MI region and provide engineering support services including, but not limited to, robot programming, FANUC advanced options, FANUC iRVISION, simulation, and cell automation consulting/support to external customers and system integrators. This position will work remotely and focus on supporting customers and integrators who are located in the general Grand Rapids area. Primary responsibilities will include:

Provide customer-purchased engineering services such as setting up vision or other options.
Provide ROBOGUIDE simulations.
Conduct cell throughput cycle time analysis.
Support field installation, startup, and debug of systems.
Review and support validation of concepts provided by customers and integrators.
Support sales and quoting efforts as required.
Perform intricate repairs on mechanical and electrical hardware.
Hold customer training sessions as needed.

Ideal candidate will have the following experience/skills and education:

Bachelor s degree in Electrical or Mechanical Engineering, or related engineering field, or equivalent relevant experience.
Minimum five years of relevant experience in systems engineering, design, assembly, and/or material handling; preferably related to robotic automation systems.
Wiring and/or troubleshooting experience.
FANUC Robot and FANUC robot programming experience.
Experience with FANUC iRVISION and/or 3D Vision.
Ability to present comprehensive technical evaluations and recommendations to customers and peers.
Customer-focused with strong communication and problem-solving skills, including the ability to understand customer issues and respond accordingly.

We offer market competitive pay and benefits programs, as well as opportunities for advancement, knowledge and skill development, and recognition of individual achievements. In addition, we offer the following benefits to our employees:

Medical, Dental & Vision Insurance
401(k) Retirement Program
Life Insurance
Short-Term & Long-Term Disability Plans
Tuition Reimbursement
Wellness Program
Flexible Spending Accounts
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Benefit Dollars
Generous Holiday & Vacation Program
Please Read Before Applying!
Xochi Interactive is a startup indie company. This will be our first created title; we're looking for a programmer who can take the initiative and work within the game's vision. You'll be implementing the core mechanics into the game such as movement, combat, AI, and dialogue. In addition, you'll work closely with the creative director to ensure the project stays within the scope.
PROJECT

The goal is to create a playable demo with an estimated range of 20-30 minutes of gameplay. The player character will be a knight that is traveling from one kingdom to another in an outdoor environment along a linear path. Enemy encounters will be in open-spaced areas while the paths in between will be more narrow. There will be 3 different enemy types. The demo will feature a small number of collectibles, a companion that follows you, environmental engagement, and cinematic cutscenes.

The priority is optimization with it being all outdoors. We have an ongoing list of our mechanics within a document and a GDD that you'll be given access to. You will be working with marketplace assets to speed up the development process but core features like combat will need to be created manually. The project will use Perforce as its choice of source control. The goal is to create a project everyone on the team is proud of. We are developing a free demo and below is our website that gives a little detail about the project we are developing.
Website: https://xochi-interactive.com/
If you'd like to see what assets you'll be possibly working with search for the assets listed below in Unreal's Marketplace.

Motion Symphony
Hit Trace Detection
Dialogue Plugin
The Targeting System

PAYMENT
Unfortunately, since we are a start-up company the payment isn't as high as we wish we could pay, but I don't want people to work for free. When the programming is complete and bugs have been fixed after playtesting the pay will be $1,500. How the payment is dispersed can be discussed, it can either be at the end or during milestones. We hope to find someone who is just as passionate about the project as the rest of the team.
If the team works together and can push out a well-polished game, we aim to seek funding for the full version. This will hopefully open up future opportunities and allow us to build upon the demo for a full-length game. If you enjoyed working on this project and would like to be a part of the full project, we'd like to keep all team members on board from the demo to the full game if possible.
WHY WORK WITH XOCHI INTERACTIVE?
We support creativity and keep gamers in mind when we work on any type of project. Our goal is to focus on story-driven titles, none of our titles will have microtransactions or DLC. We are adamant about publishing full and complete titles, then moving on to the next project.
If you're interested in building the founding blocks of a project, then this is for you. Starting out, you will be the primary programmer on the project as of right now. We do plan on bringing in a UI programmer to focus on UI-related tasks. The goal is to have the demo completed by late October and QA with bug fixes to be completed by December. To have this wrapped up by Christmas is the goal; however, we did account for issues, so we will not be officially launching Kickstarter until March/April of 2023. This will give us time to gather material from our project to put together and promote.
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE

Rapid Prototyping
Asset Integration
Familiarity with assets from Unreal Marketplace and the willingness to learn assets that are implemented.
Version Control (Perforce)
Self-motivated & willing to improve a project
Excellent communication
Experience with scripting
Project Management Software (ClickUp, Jira)
Ability to learn new tools to improve gameplay quality/optimization
Positive attitude and willingness to help in any way.

PREFERRED

Portfolio (Showcase previous work)
Shipped titles (Preferred but not required)
Familiarity with Motion Symphony is a plus
Combat programming experience is a plus

If this is a position you're interested in and you'd like to be a part of a passionate team include a cover letter explaining what you can bring to the team and why this is something you're interested in. This will also let me know if you read the full job description and are more interested in the position. Look forward to discussing the project more with you!
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time
Pay: $1,500.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Weekend availability

Experience:

Unreal Engine: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Description: 
   Job Responsibilities – Day to Day tasks

Work alongside a diverse agile team to deliver software solutions across N-tier architectures
Monitor and troubleshoot 3rd party integrations, coordinating with the development team for long term fixes and stability improvements
Participate in SCRUM rituals including daily stand up, grooming and planning meetings
Submit pull requests for review and review other team members’ contributions
Gain invaluable experience in real-world application and data development
 . Requirements: 
   Required

1-3 years experience in .NET/Java web development
1-3 years of experience utilizing a relevant front-end JavaScript framework like React or Angular, and an understanding of the HTML and CSS
Experience in SQL with a solid understanding of query syntax and stored procedures
Detail-oriented with a strong desire to learn and grow





   Hello! We are the +1 Labs Team, a team within Match Group (mtch.com) that focuses on enabling our brands to provide best-in-class services.
  


 Our team develops collaborative software that’s used by top brands like Tinder, Hinge, Match.
  


 View our brands: https://mtch.com/ourcompany
  


 We are based in Dallas, TX. We are open to considering a remote office for a qualified candidate who can travel periodically to Dallas.

How you will make an impact:

You will implement new RESTful API endpoints, make changes to existing high-volume endpoints, and build new microservices using .NET Core and core technologies in AWS.
 You will also write unit and integration tests to verify these endpoints.
 Along the way you will confront scalability challenges, navigate distributed systems, and apply best practices.

We could be a match if:

2+ years of real-world development experience.
 Comfortable in an agile, fast-paced environment.
 Ability to creatively solve problems within pairing or team discussions.
 Excellent communication skills in technical discussions.
 Willingness to bridge gaps for non-technical discussions.
 Knowledgeable in Microsoft stack (C#, .NET Core).
 Knowledge of cloud deployments. We focus on AWS (ECS, Lambda, DynamoDB, etc.).
 Experienced in writing testable code (with strong desire to become more proficient in testable code).
 BS in Computer Science or Engineering preferred.

What is the team like?

We are a small but multi-faceted team where everyone adds value.
 We work collaboratively with MTCH’s major functions (Trust & Safety, Product, Analytics).
 We are laidback but we work fast, meet tight deadlines, and still manage to write code with testing, performance, and scalability in mind.


    #LI-CENTRAL
  

    #LI-REMOTE
  


 Why Match Group?



 Our mission is simple – to help people find love and happiness! We love our employees too – here are some examples how:
  


 Annual training budget for each employee
  

    100% employer match on 401k contributions
  

    Specific COVID-19 allowance for home office set-up
  

    Matched giving to qualified organizations
  

    100% paid Parental Leave for up to 20 weeks
  

    Happy Hours and Company events 
  



   At Match Group, we represent a collection of unique brands - but we all focus together on the health and safety of all of our employees. That's why we require that employees are fully-vaccinated when in person at any US office or company-sponsored fun. If you need to talk through this in-person vaccine requirement, our People team can work with you through our accommodations review process.
  


 We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we value the rich dynamics that diversity brings to our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability, marital status, age, sexual orientation, sex (including pregnancy and sexual harassment), gender identity or expression, uniformed service or veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected characteristic. Period.



Job Title: :IT Software Engineer 3 OR C# .Net Full Stack Developer
Contract: 18 months
Location: Newport News, VA
End Client: Federal
Visa: Only US Citizen can apply ( locals are welcome)
Remote work is an option in lieu of being onsite: Yes 
Description/Comment: Position Summary / Responsibilities
Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs IT applications software and systems. Collaborates with IT systems designers and/or engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes IT system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures IT software standards are met.
KnowledgeComplete understanding and wide application of technical principle, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines.
Problem SolvingProvide technical solutions to a wide range of complex difficult problems. Solutions are imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent with organization objectives.
Discretion / LatitudeWorks under only general direction. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives.
ImpactContributes to the completion of specific programs and projects. Failure to obtain results or erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in serious program delays and considerable expenditure of resources.
LiaisonFrequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts. Represents the organization in providing solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects.
Minimum QualificationsBachelor of Science DegreeMinimum Years of Experience Other5 yearsMaster's degree and 3 years of relevant experience. PhD and 0 years of experience.Hours: Location: 1 Newport News VA 23607 United StatesEducation:Additional Job Details:Organization Distribution:Owning Organization: Manufacturing & Industrial Technologies, Inc (HII) Organization Distribution:Customer Defined Fields:Security ClearanceSpecial RequirementsWhat are the top 3 items the Hiring Manager is looking for? C# .Net Full Stack Developer with experience in JavaScript UI frameworks (Angular, React, ect) connected to .Net based APIs.
Preferred experience with:Visual Studio 2022.Net 6Angular 13gRPCIBM Mainframe development with Cobol and Fortran (optional)Why is this position open / needed? These positions are needed to support the mainframe retirement project.Clearance Level Not ApplicableWill this position require travel? NoYardwide Access NoRequired PPEIs there an elevator in the main work site building? Yes
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $54.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

C#: 5 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Preferred)
UI frameworks: 5 years (Preferred)
Visual Studio 2022: 1 year (Preferred)
.NET: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Location:
 At GoDaddy the future of work looks different for each team. Some teams work in the office full-time, others have a hybrid arrangement (they work remotely some days and in the office some days) and some work entirely remotely.
 This is a remote position, so you’ll be working remotely from your home. You may occasionally visit a GoDaddy office to meet with your team for events or off-sites.
 This position is not eligible to be performed in Alaska, Mississippi, North Dakota, or the Virgin Islands.
 What you'll get to do...
 GoDaddy is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Data Platform team. Our vision is to empower GoDaddy to leverage data to drive better customer and business outcomes. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will help design and build self-service components of our Data Platform that enable teams across the company to leverage data in their applications. Some example applications that integrate with our Data Platform include our machine learning and experimentation platforms, analytics systems, and personalized user experiences that help our customers start and grow their businesses online. If you’re interested in working on a new Data Platform leveraging cutting edge technologies, and empowering teams to bring the power of data to our customers’ fingertips then this position is for you!

Work in an agile development environment, constantly shipping and iterating.
Partner with teams across the company on applications that require Data Platform innovation for their data processing needs.
Implement intuitive, self-service, scalable, highly-reliable capabilities in our Data Platform that harnesses GoDaddy’s Data Mesh..
Design and implement features, for both batch and real-time streaming systems, that materially impact GoDaddy customers and business.
Contribute to technology working groups and internal open source.

Your experience should include...

BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience with excellent computer science fundamentals.
5+ years of software development experience on developing and shipping software.
Proficiency in multiple modern programming languages (preferably Java/Python).
Building highly available distributed systems leveraging cloud technologies.
Track record of delivering great software with solid test infrastructure, CICD, monitoring and alerting.
Using database technologies, like key-value stores or relational databases, to power platforms or user experiences.
Building RESTful APIs.

You may also have...

Experience with large scale data processing systems for both batch and streaming technologies (Hadoop, Spark, Kinesis, Flink).
Working knowledge of cloud technologies (preferably AWS - S3, Glue, Lake Formation, EMR, Kinesis, KDA, MWAA, SQS, SNS, Lambdas).

We've got your back...

    Enjoy our many benefits (My Wallet), including paid time off, 401k, equity grants and parental leave. Join one of our employee resource groups (Culture). Continue to have a side hustle, if you have one (we love entrepreneurs, remember?). Most importantly, come as you are and make your own way.
  
 GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression (including against any individual that is transitioning, has transitioned, or is perceived to be transitioning), marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements.


 If you need help completing an application for a position with GoDaddy, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at myrecruiter@godaddy.com.


 GoDaddy doesn’t accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies.
Job ID R011828 
  
The anticipated annual base salary ranges for select locations are listed below: 

New York - $128000.00 to $160000.00
Colorado - $113500.00 to $142000.00





Looking for a SRE (Site Reliability Engineer) consultant with several years of experience helping clients grow the maturity of Site Reliability. They are looking for someone who can come in and help define their SRE strategy and mentor their new SRE and development teams. This SRE Consultant should be experienced with Python.  However, any type of scripting language is acceptable. Their performance tools used today are Dynatrace and Splunk - candidates need to be an expert using at least one.
Required Skills: 

Must have strong experience as a Site Reliability Engineer
Experience building out SRE teams and strategies
Strong scripting language experience (ideally Python)
Experience working with Dynatrace and/or Splunk
Experience working with configuration management tools (Gitlab)
Professional software development experience in building scalable applications.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of working in AWS environments & services
Familiarity with networking, security, and cloud engineering concepts
Experience supporting infrastructure for large multi-services applications.
Experience with Performance tools
Working knowledge of databases
Ability to develop and maintain environment documentation and support procedures
Knowledge of technology project and secure coding standards
SRE experience on the on-premise and cloud technologies
Experience with Terraform
Collaborate with partners to define and execute SRE vision.
Designed effective monitoring solutions to help identify and escalate systemic issues.
Experience with REST API's and webservice solutions is a distinct advantage.

Desired Skills: 

Any experience working as a Team Lead would be highly desired

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Site Reliability Engineer: 6 years (Preferred)
Python: 10 years (Preferred)
Dynatrace and/or Splunk: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +17322424642



   Hello! We are the +1 Labs Team, a team within Match Group (mtch.com) that focuses on enabling our brands to provide best-in-class services.
  


 Our team develops collaborative software that’s used by top brands like Tinder, Hinge, Match.
  


 View our brands: https://mtch.com/ourcompany
  


 We are based in Dallas, TX. We are open to considering a remote office for a qualified candidate who can travel periodically to Dallas.

How you will make an impact:

You will implement new RESTful API endpoints, make changes to existing high-volume endpoints, and build new microservices using .NET Core and core technologies in AWS.
 You will also write unit and integration tests to verify these endpoints.
 Along the way you will confront scalability challenges, navigate distributed systems, and apply best practices.

We could be a match if:

2+ years of real-world development experience.
 Comfortable in an agile, fast-paced environment.
 Ability to creatively solve problems within pairing or team discussions.
 Excellent communication skills in technical discussions.
 Willingness to bridge gaps for non-technical discussions.
 Knowledgeable in Microsoft stack (C#, .NET Core).
 Knowledge of cloud deployments. We focus on AWS (ECS, Lambda, DynamoDB, etc.).
 Experienced in writing testable code (with strong desire to become more proficient in testable code).
 BS in Computer Science or Engineering preferred.

What is the team like?

We are a small but multi-faceted team where everyone adds value.
 We work collaboratively with MTCH’s major functions (Trust & Safety, Product, Analytics).
 We are laidback but we work fast, meet tight deadlines, and still manage to write code with testing, performance, and scalability in mind.


    #LI-CENTRAL
  

    #LI-REMOTE
  


 Why Match Group?



 Our mission is simple – to help people find love and happiness! We love our employees too – here are some examples how:
  


 Annual training budget for each employee
  

    100% employer match on 401k contributions
  

    Specific COVID-19 allowance for home office set-up
  

    Matched giving to qualified organizations
  

    100% paid Parental Leave for up to 20 weeks
  

    Happy Hours and Company events 
  



   At Match Group, we represent a collection of unique brands - but we all focus together on the health and safety of all of our employees. That's why we require that employees are fully-vaccinated when in person at any US office or company-sponsored fun. If you need to talk through this in-person vaccine requirement, our People team can work with you through our accommodations review process.
  


 We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we value the rich dynamics that diversity brings to our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, disability, marital status, age, sexual orientation, sex (including pregnancy and sexual harassment), gender identity or expression, uniformed service or veteran status, genetic information, or any other legally protected characteristic. Period.



Job Title: :IT Software Engineer 3 OR C# .Net Full Stack Developer
Contract: 18 months
Location: Newport News, VA
End Client: Federal
Visa: Only US Citizen can apply ( locals are welcome)
Remote work is an option in lieu of being onsite: Yes 
Description/Comment: Position Summary / Responsibilities
Designs, develops, documents, tests and debugs IT applications software and systems. Collaborates with IT systems designers and/or engineers in the planning, design, development, and utilization of electronic data processing systems for product and commercial software. Determines computer user needs; analyzes IT system capabilities to resolve problems on program intent, output requirements, input data acquisition, programming techniques and controls; prepares operating instructions; designs and develops compilers and assemblers, utility programs, and operating systems. Ensures IT software standards are met.
KnowledgeComplete understanding and wide application of technical principle, theories, and concepts in the field. General knowledge of other related disciplines.
Problem SolvingProvide technical solutions to a wide range of complex difficult problems. Solutions are imaginative, thorough, practicable, and consistent with organization objectives.
Discretion / LatitudeWorks under only general direction. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives.
ImpactContributes to the completion of specific programs and projects. Failure to obtain results or erroneous decisions or recommendations would typically result in serious program delays and considerable expenditure of resources.
LiaisonFrequent inter-organizational and outside customer contacts. Represents the organization in providing solutions to difficult technical issues associated with specific projects.
Minimum QualificationsBachelor of Science DegreeMinimum Years of Experience Other5 yearsMaster's degree and 3 years of relevant experience. PhD and 0 years of experience.Hours: Location: 1 Newport News VA 23607 United StatesEducation:Additional Job Details:Organization Distribution:Owning Organization: Manufacturing & Industrial Technologies, Inc (HII) Organization Distribution:Customer Defined Fields:Security ClearanceSpecial RequirementsWhat are the top 3 items the Hiring Manager is looking for? C# .Net Full Stack Developer with experience in JavaScript UI frameworks (Angular, React, ect) connected to .Net based APIs.
Preferred experience with:Visual Studio 2022.Net 6Angular 13gRPCIBM Mainframe development with Cobol and Fortran (optional)Why is this position open / needed? These positions are needed to support the mainframe retirement project.Clearance Level Not ApplicableWill this position require travel? NoYardwide Access NoRequired PPEIs there an elevator in the main work site building? Yes
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $50.00 - $54.00 per hour
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

C#: 5 years (Preferred)
JavaScript: 5 years (Preferred)
UI frameworks: 5 years (Preferred)
Visual Studio 2022: 1 year (Preferred)
.NET: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Location:
 At GoDaddy the future of work looks different for each team. Some teams work in the office full-time, others have a hybrid arrangement (they work remotely some days and in the office some days) and some work entirely remotely.
 This is a remote position, so you’ll be working remotely from your home. You may occasionally visit a GoDaddy office to meet with your team for events or off-sites.
 This position is not eligible to be performed in Alaska, Mississippi, North Dakota, or the Virgin Islands.
 What you'll get to do...
 GoDaddy is looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join our Data Platform team. Our vision is to empower GoDaddy to leverage data to drive better customer and business outcomes. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will help design and build self-service components of our Data Platform that enable teams across the company to leverage data in their applications. Some example applications that integrate with our Data Platform include our machine learning and experimentation platforms, analytics systems, and personalized user experiences that help our customers start and grow their businesses online. If you’re interested in working on a new Data Platform leveraging cutting edge technologies, and empowering teams to bring the power of data to our customers’ fingertips then this position is for you!

Work in an agile development environment, constantly shipping and iterating.
Partner with teams across the company on applications that require Data Platform innovation for their data processing needs.
Implement intuitive, self-service, scalable, highly-reliable capabilities in our Data Platform that harnesses GoDaddy’s Data Mesh..
Design and implement features, for both batch and real-time streaming systems, that materially impact GoDaddy customers and business.
Contribute to technology working groups and internal open source.

Your experience should include...

BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience with excellent computer science fundamentals.
5+ years of software development experience on developing and shipping software.
Proficiency in multiple modern programming languages (preferably Java/Python).
Building highly available distributed systems leveraging cloud technologies.
Track record of delivering great software with solid test infrastructure, CICD, monitoring and alerting.
Using database technologies, like key-value stores or relational databases, to power platforms or user experiences.
Building RESTful APIs.

You may also have...

Experience with large scale data processing systems for both batch and streaming technologies (Hadoop, Spark, Kinesis, Flink).
Working knowledge of cloud technologies (preferably AWS - S3, Glue, Lake Formation, EMR, Kinesis, KDA, MWAA, SQS, SNS, Lambdas).

We've got your back...

    Enjoy our many benefits (My Wallet), including paid time off, 401k, equity grants and parental leave. Join one of our employee resource groups (Culture). Continue to have a side hustle, if you have one (we love entrepreneurs, remember?). Most importantly, come as you are and make your own way.
  
 GoDaddy is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression (including against any individual that is transitioning, has transitioned, or is perceived to be transitioning), marital status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law. GoDaddy will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with local and federal requirements.


 If you need help completing an application for a position with GoDaddy, please reach out to our Recruiting Team at myrecruiter@godaddy.com.


 GoDaddy doesn’t accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies.
Job ID R011828 
  
The anticipated annual base salary ranges for select locations are listed below: 

New York - $128000.00 to $160000.00
Colorado - $113500.00 to $142000.00





Looking for a SRE (Site Reliability Engineer) consultant with several years of experience helping clients grow the maturity of Site Reliability. They are looking for someone who can come in and help define their SRE strategy and mentor their new SRE and development teams. This SRE Consultant should be experienced with Python.  However, any type of scripting language is acceptable. Their performance tools used today are Dynatrace and Splunk - candidates need to be an expert using at least one.
Required Skills: 

Must have strong experience as a Site Reliability Engineer
Experience building out SRE teams and strategies
Strong scripting language experience (ideally Python)
Experience working with Dynatrace and/or Splunk
Experience working with configuration management tools (Gitlab)
Professional software development experience in building scalable applications.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of working in AWS environments & services
Familiarity with networking, security, and cloud engineering concepts
Experience supporting infrastructure for large multi-services applications.
Experience with Performance tools
Working knowledge of databases
Ability to develop and maintain environment documentation and support procedures
Knowledge of technology project and secure coding standards
SRE experience on the on-premise and cloud technologies
Experience with Terraform
Collaborate with partners to define and execute SRE vision.
Designed effective monitoring solutions to help identify and escalate systemic issues.
Experience with REST API's and webservice solutions is a distinct advantage.

Desired Skills: 

Any experience working as a Team Lead would be highly desired

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Site Reliability Engineer: 6 years (Preferred)
Python: 10 years (Preferred)
Dynatrace and/or Splunk: 6 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +17322424642


Travel Required: None 
Requisition Type: Regular 

The Web Development and Applications Team is currently seeking a Full Stack Web Application Developer to assist with the modernization of the Compendium of Environmental Testing Laboratories (Lab Compendium) Application. The Lab Compendium currently uses ColdFusion MX6, some custom HTML and Javascript with an Oracle database. The ideal candidate would be a full stack developer capable of modernizing this application utilizing AngularJS or other responsive UI framework with an open-source database such as MySQL, Postgres, or similar.  The role will require frequent interactions with clients at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), on a large team, distributed across various locations in the U.S. The successful candidate for this role must be adept at both front-end and back-end development, responsive to customer needs and inquiries, and able to address or escalate emergent issues, as necessary. The selected candidate must be capable of self-direction with assigned work tasks as well as comfortable and familiar with best practices in remote work.
 Position Responsibilities: 

Develop application code and unit test in the AngularJS, Rest Web Services, Java, or similar technologies

 for the Application Development Center

Coding using JavaScript, CSS, and HTML
Work with client-side development team to ensure optimal application function
Conduct performance testing
Advise client and other stakeholders regarding design and technical decisions for project
Perform product analysis and development tasks of increasingly complex nature, which may

 require extensive research and analysis

Consult with the design team
Create documentation for projects, bug fixes, etc. from clients
Communicate effectively with customers to design, plan, and develop large scale projects from the 


     ground up
    

Lead small teams of developers throughout the SDLC
Work in agile/scrum environments that include standups, JIRA boards, 2 weeks sprints, etc.



Thoroughly documents the software or system process for future maintenance and updates.
May provide guidance and work leadership to less-experienced analysts.

 DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS:
   
BA/BS (or equivalent experience)
5-7 years of related work experience
Knowledge of JavaScript MVVM/MVC frameworks including AngluarJS.
Proven experience implementing front-end and back-end JavaScript applications
Proficient in CSS, HTML, and writing cross-browser compatible code
Experience developing using Amazon Web Services (AWS) and AWS tools such as Fargate, Simple Storage Service (S3), Aurora, and Elastic container registry (ECR).
Availability to work during Eastern time “core hours” (8am-5pm).
Excellent oral and written communication and customer service skills, to provide regular status updates to project managers
Ability to work independently and consistently adhere to project/deliverable deadlines

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Prior experience with modernization of existing applications to a new framework.

 Technology Stack Requirements:

 Coldfusion MX6
 AngularJS
 Javascript MVVM/MVC framework
 AWS Tools (e.g. Fargate, Simple Storage Service (S3), Aurora, Elastic Container Registry (ECR)
 CSS, HTML


The likely salary range for this position is $77,875 - $130,062, this is not, however, a guarantee of compensation or salary; rather, salary will be set based on experience, geographic location and possibly contractual requirements and could fall outside of this range. 
View information about benefits and our total rewards program. 



About Our Work
 We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. 
COVID-19 Vaccination
 GDIT does not have a vaccination mandate applicable to all employees. To protect the health and safety of its employees and to comply with customer requirements, however, GDIT may require employees in certain positions to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Vaccination requirements will depend on the status of the federal contractor mandate and customer site requirements.
 GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.




Software Developer with DevOps Experience
The developer will start off with maintaining existing code bases and supporting 3rd tier help desk tickets with the aim of solving root causes through
Long term, the developer will be working on new projects as they occur, all of which will likely be built into or integrating with (through direct DB access as well as APIs) existing large application repositories. They must be comfortable working with ambiguity, often directly with application users, and other developers. This role faces a lot of technical challenges but also a great amount of potential for direct contribution to business efficiencies in the healthcare space.  Work will be primarily remote, with occasional in-person meetings (always pre-arranged) in Industry, probably a few times a month (frequency subject to change).
Must Have 3+ years experience and proficiency in:

Working on linux/ubuntu instances from shell (over ssh)
 Modern backend web technologies, API consumption, API serving
 Node.js (recent versions)
 MongoDB, node.js mongodb driver APIs
 Debugging/patching a large existing code base with limited documentation

Must have some experience (preferably at least 1 year) with the following:

DevOps-like activities such as deploying, upgrading, migrating of services between servers React.js.
 jQuery
 AWS services: EC2 , S3, Lambda (using node.js), aws cli (You may not necessarily be assigned major front end development tasks, but may be asked to quickly troubleshoot front-end issues)
 Google APIs: Drive, GMail, Sheets
 Business workflows, business process concepts
 Performing thorough end-to-end (when possible) quality assurance activities

Extras:


GoLang familiarity - there are some processes built on Go that we may want re-written in node.js
 T-SQL/MS-SQL with moderate complexity
 AWS Document DB (Mongo clone)
 AWS Dynamo DB

Perks:

Paid Training
 Sick Time
 Paid Mileage
 Growth Opportunities
 Employee Referral Reward Program
 Employee Discount Program

What SuperCare Health is About
"SuperCare Health is a comprehensive, post- acute care, respiratory services company, focused on managing high-risk respiratory patients in their homes.

Today, SuperCare health manages millions of lives annually, with a growing team of more than 400 members, and has one of the highest-rated satisfaction scores from both our customers and patients.
Our goal is to be the most trusted and preferred resource to manage high-risk, post-acute respiratory patients through our high-touch clinical team and high-tech, innovative solutions. Our end-to- end care solutions, from the hospital to the home, close gaps in care, reduce costs of care and improve outcomes. Our in-home services include ventilation, oxygen, CPAP/BiPAP, enteral nutrition, pharmacy services, and an expanding population health program.
We are uniquely structured to be a responsive and agile community provider, yet we also possess the stability and effectiveness of a large enterprise. As a thriving business, our chief focus is on what really matters: reducing hospital re-admissions, optimizing outcomes and improving the lives of patients with chronic care diseases, every day.``
Connect With Us!
Company Website https://supercarehealth.com/
Company Business Hours - 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM PST
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/273667/admin/
Twitter https://twitter.com/SuperCareHealth
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/SuperCareHealth/
Instagram https://www.instagram.com/supercarehealth/  Savannah Stephenson - HR Talent Acquisition LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/sa... (https://www.linkedin.com/in/savannah-stephenson-044598159/)



Who we are:
 LeadsRx is perhaps one of the most exciting SaaS companies to come around in a long time! We help marketers feel like superheroes at their staff meetings by arming them with analytical insights rather than guesswork. A SaaS start-up rooted in Portland, OR – we are passionate about the impartial advancement of marketing technology while keeping our customers at the center of everything we do. We are helping marketers navigate the ever-changing MarTech and AdTech landscape and having a blast doing it. Join us if you want to make an impact – for our customers, for our team, and for our community.

 The role:
 You’ll be joining a fast-growing engineering team within a fast-growing industry. The team works in a sustainable environment using industry-standard agile frameworks to introduce new features or architecture changes, while still supporting current functionality and customer support requests. LeadsRx is a Portland-based company, with a distributed engineering team allowing for the position to be remote.
 We are looking for a Staff Software Engineer who will become the most knowledgeable team member in terms of understanding our core architecture, data structures, algorithms, and more. You will be the primary point of contact for all things related to our product and innovation roadmap. As the Staff Software Engineer, this is your opportunity to excel at technological leadership and excellence. You will report to the VP of Engineering and help inform and implement technical decisions across all engineering areas.

 What you'll be doing:

 Mentoring Junior, Senior and Staff engineers
 Architectural design and review
 Assisting in setting engineering priorities
 Assisting in setting the engineering roadmap
 Leading all strategic development projects
 Writing code to deliver features
 Complex debugging of production code
 Monitoring and metrics design and review
 Interfacing with outside strategic partners on a technical level


 A little bit about you:

 BS/MS in Computer Science/Engineer or equivalent work experience
 7+ years in software engineer in enterprise environments
 Proficiency in at least one of the following languages: Go, C/C++, Java, Python, PHP
    
 Go and PHP preferred

 Strong skills in Cloud Platforms, ie. AWS (preferred), Oracle (bonus)
 Strong foundations in large SQL installations, ie. MySQL (preferred), Oracle (bonus)
 Strong understanding of CICD and testing frameworks
 The front end experience is a bonus
 You have a passion for scale and performance, continuous learning, and working with high standards
 You have excellent communication, collaboration skills, and a strong teamwork ethic
 You strive for excellence and have the ability to jump into any project and contribute immediately with code and design


 What's in it for you:

 Competitive compensation
 Excellent benefits package which includes medical, dental, vision, and life insurance
 FSA/Dependent Care accounts
 Work from home policy
 Responsible Time Off (RTO)
 Company holidays
 Opportunity to join a fantastically talented and passionate team at a pivotal time in the company’s lifecycle


 LEADSRX IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER, COMMITTED TO THE STRENGTH OF A DIVERSE WORKFORCE.

 Read more about LeadsRx at LeadsRx.com.
 
I2Mg1NZV8Q



About Feedonomics
 As a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.
 What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?
 We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.
 Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.
 The Role
 We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Staff Software Engineer to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics, headquartered in Los Angeles. In this role you will take primary responsibility for critical subsystems for our powerful eCommerce SaaS Platforms, working alongside a motivated and vibrant team of Engineers.
 The Responsibilities

 Drive our technical roadmap, direction of our stack, and execute on key strategic initiatives that are most impactful to the business
 Use your technical expertise to oversee and implement feature development of the critical subsystems that support our SaaS platforms
 Design, Architect, and execute the building of services for the Feedonomics platforms
 Influence and inspire quality software engineering principles in our PHP, Angular, SQL, and Javascript-based products
 Identify and scale existing systems to be highly available and performant under high load.
 Collaborate with entire teams to deliver code that is performant, fault-tolerant, maintainable, testable, and concise
 Encourage innovation and foster an environment of continuous improvement
 Collaborate with stakeholders and leads from other internal and external systems to deliver holistic solutions to our clients
 Foster a culture that is open, positive, energized and innovative
 Work directly with Product Managers in shaping and prioritizing requirements that will lead to the most successful business outcomes

 The Requirements

 B.S minimum in Computer Science or related degree, or equivalent work experience.
 7+ years of experience in building systems using at least two different languages: PHP (preferred),Go, Java, Python, Node, etc.
 4+ years managing, driving and retaining a high-performance team.
 Strong understanding of relational databases, distributed queuing systems, and external services integrations over APIs (REST/SOAP)
 Experienced in developing high performance, scalable, highly available services and applications
 Desire to work in a collaborative, open environment on an Agile team as a contributor and/or mentor
 Highly proactive and results-oriented with excellent critical thinking skills
 Experience with ecommerce, distributed queuing systems, SaaS platforms
 Nice to Have: DevOps experience, and/or Docker or other containerization technologies

 What's in it for you?

 This is a remote position
 Competitive pay
 Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
 Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
 401K retirement plans
 Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
 Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
 Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
 Flexible work scheduling
 Virtual and in-person team events
 Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
 Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
 Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
 Educational assistance
 Pet insurance
 Refer-a-friend bonuses
 Discounted gym memberships
 Commuter benefits

 
 
0xg36vW11h


Position: Full Stack Software Engineer
Location: Remote
Duration: 1+ year
Job Description: 

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related field
3+ years of experience in Object Oriented development in the following technologies: Java (Spring, JEE, etc), JavaScript (Node, Vue and React), PCF
1+ year of experience in Test Driven Development (TDD) and eXtreme Programming (XP) practices, JIRA, Flyway, Azure, Jenkins, MS SQL, Splunk

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $63.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Java: 7 years (Required)
PCF: 4 years (Required)
Vue.js: 3 years (Required)
Azure: 3 years (Required)
Spring: 4 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

This startup in Mountain View, CA aims to provide detailed genetic health information through ordinary blood sampling. This company has the mission of eliminating the need for invasive diagnostic tests. In this role, you will be working with both automated and manual testing to ensure engineering best practices and can attain a reliable software.
Qualifications:
· Minimum 5+ years of experience in software testing for instruments and/or hardware
· 3 years of Professional experience working with testing frameworks and tools such as JUnit, MSTest, Selenium, etc
· 2+ years of professional experience working with C# or Python
· 2+ relational databases such as MySQL or PostgreSQL
· 3+ years of experience automating test cases
· Experience working with software development teams with a strong emphasis on DevOps, Automation, CI/CD, and Quality
Mainz Brady Group is a technology staffing firm with offices in California, Oregon and Washington. We specialize in Information Technology and Engineering placements on a Contract, Contract-to-hire and Direct Hire basis. Mainz Brady Group is the recipient of multiple annual Excellence Awards from the Techserve Alliance, the leading association for IT and engineering staffing firms in the U.S.
Mainz Brady Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to Diversity & Inclusion and incorporate non-discrimination best practices in all of our staffing processes. Mainz Brady Group does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability or any other protected class.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software testing: 5 years (Required)
Selenium: 2 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Remote Associate Software Engineer Contract to Hire Opportunity
ResponsibilitiesIncludes but not limited to:

Develop and implement new applications in a DevOps / Agile environment
Maintain and improve the performance of existing applications
Submit all designs and code modifications for peer review
Document operational practices and procedures for existing and new systems as changes in standards evolve

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related discipline
Minimum 1 year of development experience
Hands-on experience with JavaScript/TypeScript
Ability to navigate and use relational database (MySQL, MSSQL, etc)
Understanding common data structures like JSON or YAML

Required Skills

Strong analytical and research skills
Receptive listening skills, with ability to present ideas in a clear, concise fashion to technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to code software programs for varied or specific platforms
Software testing and debugging skills
Deductive reasoning abilities
Ability to self-learn and keep up to date with Software Development industry, as well as evolving practices and designs of the organization
Ability to remain consistent in delivering outputs efficiently and of high quality
Skilled with the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
Experience with following and implementing RESTful APIs
Experience using Agile methodologies
Experience designing screens using HTML and CSS3
Experience using code versioning system

Preferred Skills

Experience using Git for code versioning
Experience scripting with PowerShell, bash
Familiarity using Jenkins or other CI (Continuous Integration) software
Familiarity with Docker and Kubernetes

Certifications Required

AWS or Azure Cloud Certifications (optional, but very beneficial)

Additional Information

All candidates are encouraged to apply, but many positions require a strict drug and background check by our customers. F2OnSite supports and adheres to all state laws regarding background checks.
“Except where prohibited by law, many employees and contractors of F2OnSite are required to obtain a Covid-19 vaccine, and new hires will be required to provide proof they have done so, or obtain an exemption or deferral based on a valid religious or medical reason, prior to beginning employment.”

F2OnSite is the fastest growing Onsite I.T. Services company in the United States and is ranked in the Top 25 fastest growing privately held companies overall! We are looking for the best and brightest technical talent to work in the field for our customers! We Are the “Boots on the Ground” for our customers! Our tag line of “Relax, we got this!” is not just marketing: it is the reality of who we are as a company! Our Field Engineers are the heart of the company, and we care about your success!What We Do - Our focus is Hardware: Desktops, Laptops, Servers, Printers, POS systems, and LCD’s. We have hundreds of team members across the US who work Onsite at customer’s locations - providing hardware break/fix services, migrate data, install computers, move printers, install/fix servers, and POS systems. We close thousands of service calls each week and do whatever it takes to get our customers up and running again. We specialize in all types of technology, projects, desktop support and more.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: From $40.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Are you currently working?
What is your minimum and desired hourly rate requirement?
Are you AWS or Azure Cloud Certified? (Optional, but very beneficial).
To expedite your application, email your resume to debbie@f2onsite.com in word format with your hourly rate requirement minimum to desired. Please include the name of the position, location and your name in the subject line of the email. Please include your personal email. Thank you.

Work Location: Remote

Advanced Systems Design is seeking a Jr. Developer for our client. This is a 100% remote opportunity to work alongside the federal government.
Job Overview:
A Developer must have experience in analyzing customer needs and developing the overall concept and design objectives. The developer must be able to create software in a variety of programming and for a variety of IT software applications. You’ll analyze the needs and the environment to make sure the solution you’re developing considers the current architecture and operating environment, as well as future functionality and enhancements.
Required Qualifications:

2+ years of professional experience with service orientation concepts and enabling technologies
2+ years of professional experience in Software Development and Implementation
2+ years of professional experience in debugging and correcting errors in computer programs.
1+ year(s) of professional experience using Agile methodologies, system architecture, and object-oriented software design, REST, SOAP Web Services, JavaScript, AngularJS, jQuery, Spring, RDBMS (Oracle, SQL), WebLogic, JPA/Hibernate, and Java EE
Software development skills, including design, development, testing, deployment, and support
Ability to obtain VA Medium-Background Investigation clearance

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with rule and BPM engines
Experience with REST API (RESTful API)
Experience with GitHub, Jira, Confluence
Experience with Ansible and Terraform
Experience with REACT and Python

Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, electronics engineering, or another technical discipline. 8 years of additional experience may be substituted for education.
Advanced Systems Design, Inc. is: 

A leading Information Technology provider for Federal, State & Local government agencies.
A certified minority-owned small business government contractor with capabilities related to Public Health IT, Criminal Justice, Transportation, and Defense.
A certified service-disabled veteran-owned company with a proud 37+ year track record of providing successful innovative solutions for our government customers.
A drug-free workplace in accordance with the Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988. Applicants who have a signed offer of employment or contractor agreement are subject to:
the pre-employment testing protocol:
background investigation
drug screening
pre-employment consequences portion of the ASD Drug-Free Workplace Policy

Our Employees: 

Are actively working on next-generation technology projects with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, and a wide array of Federal, State, and Local agencies throughout the United States
Are eligible for wide-ranging benefits and perks, including but not limited to:
Comprehensive Health Insurance with PPO and HDHP/HSA options
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Short/Long-Term Disability
Group Life Insurance - Company Paid
Voluntary Life Insurance
401(k) Plan with Employer Match
Paid Time Off (Vacation/Sick)
Holiday Pay - Company Paid Federal Holidays
Tuition Assistance
Professional Certification Incentive Plan
Employee Referral Plan
Technology Exposure

For additional information regarding Advanced Systems Design, please check out our website at: www.asd-web.com
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software development: 2 years (Required)
Agile: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Company: FedEx Services
  
Job Title: Software Developer II
  
Job Requisition Number: RC515812
  
Category: Information Technology
  
Pay Type: Exempt
  
Locations:
 Coraopolis, Pennsylvania 15108
   United States
  
 Remote
   United States
  

Colorado Residents Only – Compensation: Monthly Salary $5565.3 - $8684.01
   The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range or starting rate of candidates hired in Colorado. Factors that may be used to determine your actual salary may include your specific skills, your work location, how many years of experience you have, and comparison to other employees already in this role. This information is provided to applicants in accordance to the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.
  
 Job Description:
 Under limited supervision, ensures application of systems thinking principles, allowing team members to independently design, code, test, and deploy software. Provide the necessary documentation to support the Software Development Life Cycle. Develop prototypes and solutions leveraging a diverse range of technology. Apply modern principles, methodologies, tools, and systemic processes to support the launch of new business capabilities.
    Software Developer II position. This candidate will be an experienced Java developer who is part of an Agile team focused on modernizing existing applications. The agile team is part of a release train that builds and, delivers key capabilities for internal and external customers. This position will support Pickup & Delivery operations within the PZDZ train.
   

Job Specific Information:


 Design, develop and implement enterprise scale solutions to support the organization’s business strategy and goals.
 Work closely with our business product owners on an Agile team to fully understand requirements, provide feedback, and request clarification as needed.
 Work with other engineers on a collaborative Agile team to deliver code on an ongoing basis.
 Review requirements and data models and translate into responsible applications and architecture
 Conduct design and code reviews with extended team to ensure that code meets FedEx Enterprise Foundational Services standards
 Track and resolve software defects
 Support test execution including system level and integration tests


 Skills/Knowledge Considered a Plus:


 Knowledge of AppDynamics, Splunk, Barcoding technologies
 Skills in languages: Java and SQL
 Experience in leading 12-Factor application and Cloud platform implementation
 Understand of software design patterns
 Applicant must work well under pressure
 Understand the SAFE Agile framework
 Knowledge of software craftsmanship and Agile best practices
 Source control tools: Git, Subversion, TFS
 Spring Boot, Spring Cloud
 Integration technologies; such as SOAP, JMS, and REST
 Understanding of network design and architecture
 Familiar with microservice architecture principles
 JAVA 8 or higher


 Minimum Qualifications:
 Bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering or information systems and one year coding experience in a professional environment OR 
    Formal completion of a bootcamp certification and two years work experience in operations, business or technical field and one year coding experience in a professional environment OR 
    Bachelor’s degree and formal completion of a bootcamp certification and one year coding experience in a professional environment OR
    Bachelor’s degree and two years work experience in technical field and one year coding experience in a professional environment.
   

Domicile:


 Coraopolis, PA (Suburb of Pittsburgh)
 The ability to work remotely within the United States may be available based on business need.


 Relocation:
 Relocation assistance may be available based on business need.
   

Application 
Instructions/Deadline:
 Upload current copy of Resume (Microsoft Word or PDF format only) and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00pm CST) on the date below. If the date below is blank, there is no specified closing date for this requisition.
    05-20-2022
  
 Employee Benefits: Medical, dental, and vision insurance; paid Life and AD&D insurance; tuition reimbursement; paid sick leave; paid parental leave, paid vacation, and additional paid time off; geographic pay ranges; 401K with Company match and incentive bonus potential; sales incentive compensation for selling roles.
 FedEx. Where now meets next.
 Our vision is to be the earth's most engaged advocates of connected commerce where open borders, new markets and fair, sustainable practices are the norm for the billions of personal supply chains being managed every day in our always on, mobile-first world. We stand for ease, access and opportunity. We lead purposeful innovation, champion entrepreneurs, advocate free trade and empower humans and their place in the era of autonomy and AI. We fight for our customers, a more sustainable planet and an ethical playing field.
 FedEx inspires its more than 570,000 team members to remain focused on safety, the highest ethical and professional standards and the needs of their customers and communities. FedEx is committed to connecting people and possibilities around the world responsibly and resourcefully, with a goal to achieve carbon-neutral operations by 2040.
 FedEx has been recognized on many different lists both for business success and for being a great employer:

 Fortune "World’s Most Admired Companies" – 2021
 Forbes "Best Employers for Diversity" - 2021
 LinkedIn "Top 100 Companies" - 2021
 TIME "100 Most Influential Companies" - 2021
 World HRD Congress "Best Gender Equality Workplace" – 2021
 InsiderPro ComputerWorld "Best Places to Work for IT" – 2021


 Application Instructions/Deadline:
 Upload current copy of Resume (Microsoft Word or PDF format only) and answer job screening questionnaire by close of business (5:00pm CST) on the date below. If the date below is blank, there is no specified closing date for this requisition.
 FedEx Services is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetics disability, or protected Veteran status.
 FedEx Services does not discriminate against qualified individuals with disabilities in regard to job application procedures, hiring, and other terms and conditions of employment. Further, FedEx Services is prepared to make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified applicant or employee to enable the applicant or employee to be considered for the desired position, to perform the essential functions of the position in question, or to enjoy equal benefits and privileges of employment as are enjoyed by other similarly situated employees without disabilities, unless the accommodation will impose an undue hardship. If a reasonable accommodation is needed, please contact recruitmentsupport@fedex.com.

Why Vacasa

We started with just one home and an idea: to bring homeowners and renters together with smart technology and caring local teams. Today, we're the largest full-service vacation rental company in North America thanks to the people who give us their best every day. You'll fit right in here if you're curious, entrepreneurial, and thrive in a rapid-growth environment.

Why Software Engineering at Vacasa

We build the tools that allow other departments to succeed. We're constantly experimenting and fine-tuning our products. We value stability, security, and scalability. Our favorite word is autonomy—we want everyone to have a voice.

What we're looking for

Vacasa is looking for a software engineer who is eager to contribute and learn who can function independently in a fast-paced software development environment.

In this role, you would be part of a cross-functional team building and operating scalable, cloud-native solutions to high-impact business problems. An ideal candidate for this role will have experience integrating cloud-based business applications (e.g. NetSuite, Salesforce) and experience with iPaaS platforms (preferably MuleSoft).

What you'll do

Participate in the design and building of high quality solutions on AWS Cloud in a fast moving environment
Utilize your Python programming skills and basic knowledge of cloud services to implement highly scalable and reliable solutions
Collaborate within the team's codebase, authoring PRs and reviewing other team members' PRs
Utilize DevOps tools and best practices to implement highly automated deployment pipelines
Participate in and help build a collaborative, productive team culture around product-focused goals

Skills you'll need

Minimum three years of professional experience
Ability to write high-quality, well-tested code that places maintainability over cleverness
Experience with SQL and relational databases
Experience writing automated test suites (unit, functional, and integration)
Experience working with Infrastructure as Code Experience with Agile (Scrum) software development processes

Bonus points

Experience building applications and services in a service-oriented architecture
Experience with AWS cloud platform
Experience with MySQL, Postgres
B.S./M.S. in Computer Science

Working conditions

This is an in-market role and candidates must be based locally or be willing to relocate to Portland, OR to be considered.

You'll be working in your home office setting. We hold virtual training sessions and weekly team meeting. Occasional offsite team meetings in your region or our HQ locations. Requires frequent, repetitive use of a computer, phone, and office equipment. Requires patient, professional communication with prospective clients, and the ability to build confidence with prospects.

Compensation

$100,000 - $130,000 DOE

What you'll get

Health/dental/vision insurance - employee & family coverage options
Employer Sponsored & Voluntary Supplemental Benefits
401K retirement savings plan with immediate 100% company match on the first 6% you contribute
Health & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Flexible vacation time
Paid sick days and holidays
Paid parental leave after one year of tenure
Employee Assistance Program
Career advancement opportunities
Employee discounts and
All the equipment you'll need to be successful
Great colleagues and culture

Please visit our careers page to review our full benefits offerings

Vacasa is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace. We do not discriminate against applicants based upon race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability, genetic information, or other classes protected by applicable law. Veterans are encouraged.

Vacasa is committed to maintaining a safe and productive work environment. Possession, use, or being under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs in the workplace is prohibited.

An offer of employment for this role will be contingent upon the successful completion of a background check.Front-End Developer
Benefits • Product Discounts • Remote Eligible
Here at Swanson, we understand family comes first and we strive to honor that belief by offering our full-time employees paid time off, floating holidays and sick days.
Join Swanson in our mission to work together to help people live healthier lives!

SUMMARY
The primary function of this position is to maintain and develop front-end code that is designed and optimized for the best user experience achievable and complies with all Swanson design and performance standards.
ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop with the user in mind; Produce new and refresh outdated design and code for a variety of Swanson affiliated websites and materials as well as formulate initial design ideas for multiple projects.
Ensure all front-end code touched is current, clean and bug free and complies with the Swanson responsive design and performance standards; Maintain related documentation as necessary.
Gather requirements around functionality and translate those requirements into elegant functional solutions; Build wireframes, mock-ups, prototypes, etc as needed at tech scoping stage of projects.
Work with a team to develop project plans and ensure projects are completed within scope and deadlines; formulate a creative plan for meeting goals and expectation.
Communicate with management to fully understand desired direction on current and future projects. Regularly update team with project status.
Design html prototypes, visual interfaces and interaction of web-based applications maintaining a consistent look in line with establish Swanson branding, infrastructure and SEO efforts.
Stay abreast of w3 standards, new software and web innovations in the industry.
Speak your mind in a supportive forum and respect the opinions of others; actively seek out innovative solutions to solve web-related business problems.
Ensure integrity of overall look and feel of website across all marketing channels (desktop, mobile, tablet, print, email, etc).
Work with team members to improve internal tools and make their lives easier.
May lead and direct the work of others on web-related projects.
Maintain a positive and professional working relationship with peers, management, and support resources, with a constant commitment to teamwork and exemplary customer service.
Conducts self in the presence of customers and community so as to present a professional image of SHP.
COMPETENCIES REQUIRED
Deep understand usability best practices and methodologies and have a deep understanding of user-centered design principles as related to eCommerce
Relentless attention to detail, commitment to producing quality work, deadline conscious
An innate love of web development, design and al things that go with a world class eCommerce experience
Extensive experience with HTML, JavaScript, CSS (LESS) and Adobe CS
Extensive experience with JavaScript libraries and frond-end frameworks (jQuery, Bootstrap, etc.)
Experience with versioning and revision control software such as SVN and GIT
Understanding of cross-browser/platform issues and solutions
Ability to test own work and troubleshoot bugs
The ability to scope and estimate efforts accurately, prioritize tasks and goals independently, and rapidly produce deliverables
Clear written and verbal communication skills; ability to successfully communicate with all levels of management
Must be capable and comfortable multi-tasking between concurrent tasks with changing priorities and deadlines
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design, Graphic Communications, Multimedia. Or; an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform the essential responsibilities and duties of the job as listed above.
EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE
Mac and Windows operating systems, computers, mobile devices, tablets, and remote access capability
Bug and project tracking software
Web Analytics software
JIRA
Microsoft Office Products
General office equipmentThis role can be performed remotely anywhere within the United States and Canada.

FullStory's mission is to help teams create amazing online experiences for their users. We do this by applying deep expertise in distributed systems and computer science to build an ambitiously high-scale, high-value platform, presented in an intuitive manner that customers love.

As a Software Engineer on the FullStory App UI team, you will help build tooling that is simple and scalable so that building the FullStory UI is fluid and intuitive. We take pride in the fact that our work is the foundation of the entire FullStory app. App UI empowers product teams to rapidly craft delightful digital experiences through tools, internal libraries, and documentation.

Day-to-day you'll:
Work in React and Typescript to build and maintain our React Component Library.
Contribute and improve components in our design system.
Empower fellow UI engineers by building tools, components, libraries, and processes that supercharge their work.
Address customer feedback, either through fixes, feature improvements, or helping support craft an answer. Well written communication goes a long way.
Improve our tooling, testing, or other shared infrastructure.
Work to ensure that the product makes sense from every angle.
We're looking for someone who:
Has 2+ years of React and TypeScript experience
Has experience implementing React best practices (e.g., Hooks)
Has experience working with Design System and associated tools (e.g., Storybook)
It would be amazing if:
You have experience building or maintaining a React Component Library or Design System
You have worked in a product-centric engineering role
You are self-motivated and excited to work collaboratively. Code reviews, design reviews, and pairing are the norm.
You have a passion for continuous improvement and learning
#LI-Remote #LI-RM1
About FullStory

Founded in 2014 on the belief that everyone benefits from a more perfect digital experience, FullStory's digital experience intelligence (DXI) platform empowers businesses to continuously improve their customer experience across sites and apps. FullStory is backed by world-class investors and has 500+ employees worldwide with offices in Atlanta and London. We are proud to have been named to Forbes' List of America's Top Startup Employers, Wealthfront's Career Launching Companies List, and LinkedIn's Top US Startups List. We are guided by our values of Empathy, Clarity, Bionics, and Trust, which we embed in our day-to-day work.

How we support you:

FullStorians are committed to building something better—from how we approach our product, to how we care for our customers and each other. Better is only possible when we can bring our full selves to work. Along these lines, we offer:

Autonomy and flexibility. From a remote-first work environment and unlimited paid time off, to an annual company-wide closure – FullStorians can focus on the moments that matter.
Benefits. Take care of the whole you. FullStory offers sponsored benefit packages for US-based FullStorians, and supplemental coverage options for international FullStorians.
Learning opportunities. We provide professional development opportunities through training programs, career coaching sessions, and an annual learning subsidy.
Productivity support. We provide all FullStorians with a monthly productivity stipend and reimburse remote colleagues for their initial home office set up.
Team events. Connect with fellow FullStorians through Employee Resource Group events, Listening & Alignment weeks, and team off-sites.
Paid parental leave. FullStorians have the flexibility to balance the needs of their growing families without the added stress of figuring out work and finances.
Bereavement leave. Every family is different; we leave it to you to define who your family is, and support you when you need it most.
Miscarriage/Pregnancy loss leave. Whether it is for a FullStorian or their partner – take the time you need.

FullStory is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to fostering an increasingly diverse community. We want candidates of all human varieties, backgrounds, and lifestyles. There's no problem that can't be made better by bringing together people with a broader set of perspectives. If our product, values, and community resonate with you, please apply - we'd love to hear from you!

If you may require reasonable accommodations to participate in our job application or interview process, please contact accommodations@fullstory.com. Requests for accommodations will be treated confidentially.
About Our Company
Made and Modern is a furniture manufacturing business that combines modern technology with timeless craftsmanship. Using commodity robotics through our proprietary software, we produce high quality furniture at unbeatable prices. With our designs custom-made and produced completely in-house, we are revolutionizing the industry itself. Our purpose is to make high-fashion, luxury furniture accessible to all, while instituting ideals of conscious capitalism with the aspiration of improving humanity.
What To Expect
Here at Made and Modern, we are committed to developing each and every one of our employees. With an emphasis on innovation and efficiency, we are a fast-paced, quickly growing company that is not afraid to think outside the box. We are looking for candidates who will join our team and take pride in the work they do at Made and Modern. You will walk away from this position with a deeper understanding of both your specialized role, and the necessary skills to create and manage a successful company. Working closely with Senior managers, you will have the opportunity to learn from some of the most qualified industry leaders. If you are ready to dig deep and make meaningful change, apply to join our team today!
Responsibilities: 

To implement streamlined user experience and first-class codebase using the Angular best practices for design and modularity
To deliver a complete front-end application using the latest and needed technologies as per business requirements.
To write impeccably tested and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Determining the structure and design of web pages.
Ensuring user experience determines design choices.
Developing features to enhance the user experience.
Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design.
Ensuring web design is optimized for smartphones.
Building reusable code for future use.
Optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability.
Utilizing a variety of markup languages to write web pages.
Implement responsible web design principles to ensure that our company website renders well across multiple devices
Design a framework for creating user apps that grows with the needs of the company
Monitor website performance, watch for traffic drops related to site usability problems and rectify the issues
Review app and feature coding and plan future website upgrades with the development team
Assist in the development of applications and features that will be put on the website and in internal functions as well

Experience: 5 + years

Understanding of CSS libraries like tailwind, bootstrap or Material.
Understanding of key design principles.
Experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery.
Understanding of server-side CSS.
Experience with graphic design applications such as Adobe Illustrator.
Experience with responsive and adaptive design.
Understanding of SEO principles.

Required qualifications
Bachelors/ Masters in Computer science/ computer engineering
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
At Made and Modern, we believe that there is inherent value in diversifying backgrounds and experiences. With an appreciation for a variety of perspectives, we provide a safe environment for individuals to express themselves and carefully consider how we can complement each other to achieve greater success. Thus, we employ on a merit-basis and do not discriminate based on one’s social identities.
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Front Office Solutions is looking for a well-rounded software engineer for a variety of development roles which will provide data for a data management function within a portfolio analysis framework. Candidate will have over 7+ years of development with active hands on development roles on medium scale production deployments of front and back ends.
Active use of Agile or Work In Progress development with CI/CD deployments is required. Candidate must be able to give examples of independent, solutions based working approaches.
OrganizationalProven ability to work independently and effectively on a small development teamProven ability to work towards driving decisions in an environment with incomplete, or uncertain information.Exceptional time organization skillsProven ability to work in a rapidly changing environmentProven ability raising relevant issues and helping provide firm basis, options, pro/com for resolution.Proven ability to work in an iterative development environmentProven ability working closely with other developersProven ability to be self-sufficient in solving problemsProven ability using networking to analyze, compare and implement solutions.Qualifications:SkillsDataProven ability of simplifying design through data simplicity.Solid knowledge of database implementations (Data Vault, SQL server, MongoDB, Data Warehouse)Detailed working knowledge of SQL on Snowflake, AWS RDSInterfacingWorking knowledge of API designWorking knowledge of using REST APIsWorking knowledge of generating a json structures.Working knowledge of aggregation with overlapping time series is a plusWorking knowledge of nested aggregation structuresArchitectureProven working experience with API design working closely business analystsWorking knowledge of web applications using RestAPI.Message Driven DesignDomain Driven DesignSoftware OperationsStrong knowledge of CI/CD deployment pipelinesProven ability with independent server-side architecture design, implementation and deployment.Proven ability with long term server design, deployment and supportVendor usageDetailed working knowledge of AWS Lambda, APIGateway, SAM templatesKnowledge of API deployment strategies (EC2, Lambda)LanguagesStrong knowledge of Node JS, Typescript server side.Proven capability of deploying production server code with multiple languages (Java, C++, Python, Scala, etc).OtherUnderlying interest or experience with financial portfolios is a must.Proven curiosity and creativity in examples of problem solving.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $195,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 7 years (Required)
SQL: 7 years (Required)
JSON: 5 years (Required)
APIs: 5 years (Required)
AWS: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote



   We are looking for a Software Engineering Consultant to join our team! This position offers remote flexibility to work from anywhere in the US.
  


 What will this person do?



 Managing projects from start to finish and ensure successful implementation within agreed cost, schedule and quality targets.
 Write and maintain front-end and/or backend code using APIs as well as intensive testing
 Communicate with other developers to integrate module and packages into enterprise solutions
 Analyzing and defining business processes to develop innovative and customer specific solutions - based on standard platforms.
 Ability to coordinate complex problems involving various audiences. Positively interact with all internal customers.
 Creation of professional and technical documents during the requirements phase is also part of your main tasks.
 Maintain existing projects: add features and fix bugs as they arise




 What qualifications does this position require?



 2+ years industry experience in information technology, software development and data management.
 Basic to intermediate knowledge of AWS, especially Dynamo, RDS, Lambda, IAM and Cloud Formation.
 Experience in Source-Code-Management tools such as Bitbucket or (preferably) AWS CodeCommit.
 Enhanced Development skills in web-based technologies like HTML, CSS and JavaScript
 Knowledge of containers (not required, but a huge plus)
 Advanced Experience in JavaScript Frameworks like Angular 6.0+
 Development of backend code in C# .Net Core / NodeJS
 Experience with Source-Code-Management Systems such as Git
 Experience using SQL (MSSQL, MySQL or MemSQL preferred)




 Why you’ll love working at Siemens! 




Competitive compensation
 Medical, dental, prescription and vision coverage, first day of employment
 Matching 401(k) (immediate employer match)
 Competitive vacation plan, paid holidays, and floating holidays
 Career development opportunities
 Education and tuition reimbursement programs available
 Paid parental leave


 #LI-DM4
  


 Organization: Global Business Services
 Company: Siemens Corporation
 Experience Level: Experienced Professional
 Job Type: Full-time
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.  EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.  Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.  California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.

As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits
C++ Developer
Remote
12 months
Required Experience:
Strong implementation experience with C++ codeExperience in handling native code from Managed code and Vice versaGood experience in SQLX++ will be added advantageGood communication skills
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

GovFirst is currently seeking a permanent hire, experienced Front-End/UI Software Engineer for a premier financial technology solutions provider to design and build web applications by producing front-end code to create an optimal user interface with a focus on usability and simplicity of design.Our client offers incredible career opportunities and benefits (please see the benefits section below)
This position is 100% remote. (Preferred location will be Central/East Coast Time Zone)
What you will be doing: 

Enhancing and maintaining a modern JavaScript-based application
Developing, enhancing, and maintaining front-end software code to make available and display pre-processed data
Developing and maintaining test cases for the front-end applications

Requirements: 

5+ years of proven experience developing front-end user interfaces
5+ years of experience with JavaScript and related ecosystem tools (e.g., bootstrap, jQuery, etc.)
4+ years of experience with UI development using Angular
Expertise in XML (XBRL preferred, but not required)
Heavy front-end experience in JavaScript / Angular
Experience with Node.js and JSON
Strong understanding of web application software development lifecycle including version control, debugging tools, and testing tools
Passion for working on complex software solutions having major impact on the client we serve
Strong verbal and written communication skills is a must
Ability to learn new technologies quickly
Ability to effectively and efficiently multi-task, prioritize, and carry out projects through to completion with minimal supervision
Ability to maintain a high level of accuracy and attention to detail
All employees must be fully vaccinated for COVID-19

Education Required: 

Bachelor's Degree

Clearance Required: 

None - but must be clearable to a Public Trust Clearance

Work Authorization Required: 

U.S. Citizen

Benefits: 

Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Health Savings Account
Company Funded Basic Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance
Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Insurance
401(k) Profit-Sharing Plan
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Employee Assistance Program
Commuter Benefits
Educational Assistance
Paid Time Off
Federal Holidays
Bonus Incentive Program (BIP)
Employee Referral Program

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $156,036.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you a U.S. Citizen?
What are your salary expectations?
Are able to obtain a Public Trust Clearance?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
Angular: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


About Buildout
 In 2010 Buildout pioneered commercial real estate (CRE) marketing automation. Today, with over 35,000 brokers and with 12 of the top 20 brokerages counted as customers, Buildout continues to be the leader in CRE marketing automation in addition to recently launching valuable, integrated back-office workflow and customer relationship management (CRM) solutions. Developed in close collaboration with our customers, Buildout allows brokerages to bring their expertise to every stage of their deals all from within one platform. Our vision is that CRE dealmaking will be tech-powered, but human-led. Ask us about our company meetings for an example, and learn more about who we are, what we do, and why we're changing the face of CRE tech on our website: https://buildout.com/.
 The Opportunity
 Headquartered in Chicago with employees distributed across the country, we're a fast-growing tech company that achieves our vision through our commitment to our Team, our Customers, our Product, and the continuous pursuit of Quality. It is our intention to create exceptional, easy to use, high quality products that lead the Commercial Real Estate industry into the future and delight our customers.
 To achieve these intentions, our software teams work closely with their product team members to build and improve our industry-leading commercial real estate CRM products. We are looking for someone to:

Create the next generation of CRM software within Commercial Real Estate
Build and maintain elegant and easy-to-use integrations between our marketing platform and existing CRM options (Rethink, Apto, Lite CRM)

How You'll Contribute at Buildout

Consistently and quickly build and launch excellent software by:
Understanding our customers and their needs Engineering elegant and practical solutions Iterating on and polishing your work to meet the standards for Buildout Quality 
Help your team lead break large projects and requirements into smaller components and estimate that work so everyone can easily work on them. Long, costly and wasteful IPMs are not encouraged here.
Work with your team's Product Manager and UX Designer to ensure everyone is on the same page and the user experience is consistently great
Coach and mentor your more junior team mates by performing thorough and timely code reviews, pairing on difficult issues to share knowledge and drive accountability, and delivery excellent software on a timely basis to lead by example
Set and achieve Buildout sponsored personal and professional goals with your team lead and the VP of Engineering

What You'll Bring to Buildout

2+ years of product software development experience within a SaaS company, or the ability to demonstrate you've learned enough in less time to still be a great engineer and valuable team member
Solid cross-team and cross-functional communication skills
A love of software engineering, design, documentation, testing, and automation
Pluses, but not required:
Commercial Real Estate experience Cool personal projects you'd like to share and chat about 

What are the technical skills that you'll need to succeed?
 We are looking for a full-stack engineer. However, "full-stack" can mean a lot these days, so here is what we're looking for specifically:
 Ruby/Rails: We're a Ruby shop here at Buildout, so a deep knowledge of Rails is going to help you get up and running quickly. Our app uses all of the standard Rails goodness you know and love, as well as a lot of additional tools for design, business logic, and background jobs. If you like to learn new skills, you're going to fit in really well.
 Javascript: Our front-end relies heavily on Javascript. We currently have a mix of core features written using vanilla ES5 and React, but are focusing on ES6 and React for all future front-end work. We are looking for people with a strong working Javascript base who want to keep finding and working with the best new tools.
 Testing: Is testing a natural part of your process? If so, you'll be appreciated here. We are actively building out our test suite and providing ample team resources to make sure that everything we create is tested and rock-solid. Our test suite uses RSpec for most of our Rails work.
 Other Web Tech: We use git for source control, Slim for our view templates, lightly customized Bootstrap for our CSS, MySQL and AWS. If you're really passionate about some new technology, we'd love to hear about it.

 We know there are great candidates who won't check all of these boxes, and we also know you might bring important skills that we haven't considered. If that's you, don't hesitate to apply and tell us about yourself.
 We are based in Chicago, but this is a remote-friendly role open across most of the US.  The salary range for this position is $96,000 to $131,000.


 Perks & Benefits
 We built a benefits program to match the quality of our team. This program includes:

Impactful insurance and benefit options, including covering 100% of employee health insurance premiums, FSA plan, STD, LTD, life insurance, and telemedicine
Policies that support a healthy work/life balance, including generous PTO, paid parental leave, and give back days
401(k) with 4% company match and immediate vesting
An office in Chicago for those who prefer an office setting, plus a monthly remote work reimbursement
Challenging problems to solve with a committed and supportive team who are invested in your growth and development
A wonderfully quirky culture where you're encouraged to bring your whole self to work



 Buildout is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, marital status, order of protection status, citizenship status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
 If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@buildout.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information and we will consider your request.
 Below, you will be asked to complete identity information for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). It is required by law that we ask these questions using the format provided by the EEOC. However, we want you to know that at Buildout, we understand that gender is not binary and welcome people of all identities.
 For more information about our privacy practices please visit our Privacy Policy. California residents have additional rights and should review the Additional Disclosures for California Residents section in our Privacy Policy.



A self-funded, profitable fin-tech start-up is looking to bring on a Senior Developer/Back-end Architect to create the future of investment management and trading software. This is a fully remote position offering up to $175K for the right candidate.
About you:
· BA or BS in Computer Science or related fields
· 2-5 years development experience
· 2+ years of experience in C#.NET (or Java/Scala), SQL
· Nice to have: 3 years of experience within the financial domain, with extensive exposure to the FIX protocol
About them:
· Small, agile team of self-starters
· Clients consist of some of the largest investment managers and hedge funds
· Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision), Retirement Plan, Paid Time Off, Life Insurance
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $175,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


Rochester, NY 
Category: Tech
Type: Full-time
Min. Experience: Some Experience
Salary: $82,000 - $90,000





Location: Full Time - Rochester, NY/Remote


    Measures for Justice is a non-partisan, fast-paced, entrepreneurial non-profit on a mission to make good criminal justice data available and actionable to spur reform. Since 2011, we have pioneered a methodology to compare how different justice systems perform on the county level and led the charge to improve county-level criminal justice data. While we do not advocate for any specific reforms, we do work to make change possible by increasing system transparency, accessibility, and accountability. We’ve got world-class criminal justice data and technology chops. And a culture that demands excellence, rigor and people who like to make good ideas come to life. 
   Our Premise


    Local communities and the institutions that serve them are in the best position to reshape how their criminal justice system works. 
   What Problem Is MFJ Trying to Solve?


    The data communities need to make informed decisions about system performance and change are in short supply. The same goes for accountability and transparency. As a result, communities and the institutions that serve them are not equipped to work together on lasting change.
  


 How Does MFJ Aim To Solve This Problem?


    We’ve developed a new model for the community and the prosecutor/police/courts to work together to create a space for making criminal justice data transparent and shared goals public via a public dashboard called Commons.
  

 The Job


    As a Web Developer, reporting to the Director of Product Engineering, you will work on an agile team of talented developers to create data-centric, web based products that help bring transparency to the criminal justice system and reflect MFJ’s social impact mission.
  

 What You Will Do


    You will be working in a full Javascript stack leveraging React, D3, Next.js, Node, Typescript and GraphQL and will be developing and supporting both public facing products as well as internally facing data processing tools. Our overall tech stack includes HTML5/CSS, React, Node, Next.js, D3, Kotlin, Java, Postgres, Docker, AWS services (including S3 and DynamoDB), Redis, GraphQL, Kubernetes.
  

 About You




      You are continually improving your craft and are eager to work with the latest technologies.
    


      You have strong design and critical thinking skills, with knowledge of web development best practices.
    


      You are creative with an intuitive sense of design. You have a mastery of HTML5/CSS and can develop a UI without a framework, but have also worked with frameworks such as SASS, Tailwind, Bootstrap, or Foundation.
    


      Your programming skills are way above average, you’re admired by your peers and have had a continuous string of successful projects.
    


      You are familiar with accessibility best-practices. You write semantic HTML that can be navigated with just a keyboard, and you know when to use (and not use) ARIA attributes.
    


      You have worked with JavaScript libraries/environments such as React, Node, Next.js, D3,UI component libraries.
    


      You have prior professional experience working for a criminal justice agency (preferred).
    


      1+ years professional web development experience (Co-ops and Internships apply).
    


      BS or MS in Computer Science or related discipline or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
    


 Next Steps


    To apply, please visit our website - https://www.measuresforjustice.org/about/jobs
  


 Review of applications will begin 
   immediately
 and will continue until the position is filled.
  

 Measures for Justice (MFJ) is committed to fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion in our workplace. We are committed to eradicating barriers to access and opportunity and strive to create a welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds. We know that only by bringing together our diverse perspectives can we begin to understand and innovatively tackle the complex issues we engage with. We acknowledge there is a lot of work to be done to ensure we are embodying these principles in our workplace and our work, and we are deeply committed to this ongoing practice. Our work is the data; our heart is the people. We encourage applicants from all backgrounds and experiences to apply. We offer competitive salaries, comprehensive benefits, and a casual work environment. Our office is wheelchair accessible.
  


 It is the policy of Measures for Justice to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Measures for Justice will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
If you require an accommodation during the hiring process, please contact Jill Wesley at 
jill.wesley@measuresforjustice.org







    Scope AR is the pioneer of enterprise-class augmented reality solutions, delivering the industry’s only cross-platform AR tools for getting workers the knowledge they need, when they need it. The company is revolutionizing the way enterprises work and collaborate by offering AR tools that provide more effective and efficient knowledge-sharing to conduct complex remote tasks, employee training, product and equipment assembly, maintenance and repair, field and customer support, and more.
   


 The company’s device-agnostic technology supports smartphones, tablets and wearables, making it easy for leading organizations like Johnson & Johnson, Danaher, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell, and others to leverage AR as a new way to scale their organizations globally, with greater efficiency.
   


 Working at Scope AR provides you the opportunity to have a real and major impact on the way products around the globe get created and how work gets done.
   


 As a DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for scaling and securing server and network infrastructure of our services, both for the Scope AR Cloud and for on-premise installations, often for large, security conscious customers. You will play a key role in delivering the services our software depends upon, and be essential to our success.
   



Responsibilities

 Work with development teams to automate and streamline releases of our mission-critical distributed systems Based on our customers’ needs, design infrastructure configurations, both for our hosted services and for on-premise installations Anticipate changes to infrastructure to meet customers’ changing needs Write scripts to automate installations, maintenance, migrations, etc. Maintain, troubleshoot and administer VMs and networks for our hosted infrastructure Improve our Docker Swarm configuration set up for high availability and scalability to support our products Improve and execute on security policies, identify and resolve security issues Run scans, and harden server images, configuration, networks and environments Monitor services infrastructure performance; analyze issues, recommend and implement changes Automate testing of configuration and scripts Load/stress test configurations Create and run tests to determine scaling characteristics Document DevOps processes: develop standards to guide operations, support and maintenance Work with our customer to establish suitable network configurations and security policies to run our software Provide top tier support for on-premise installations Respond to security and infrastructure questions Plan and execute on meeting compliance requirements





Required Skills

 Minimum 3 yrs experience in a devops role Experience with Kubernetes Very good Linux knowledge Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins/Circle CI Linux server scripting skills, especially bash and higher-level languages, such as Python Automating installations Network configuration, setting firewall rules and other security policies AWS management, especially configuring VPCs, and using IAM Working with Docker, Docker compose and Docker swarm Database scaling and clustering Scaling services and network infrastructure in a cloud or data center environment Managed microservice-based service at scale How to monitor service performance, and automate scaling up or down How to monitor for security issues in an AWS environment





Bonus Skills

 Familiar with red/black deployments Experience with other AWS services, such as Aurora Experience with non-AWS cloud services, such as Microsoft Azure Comfortable scripting in Python and/or Ruby Experience with Chef/Puppet Experience with tools such as ELK, Graylog or similar Experience working in a SOC 2, ISO27001, and other compliance environments






 We're growing our team quickly, so if you like solving hard problems, want to have real influence at work and have the skills listed above, we'd love to hear from you!
   



The core mission of the Full Stack Marketer is to work with all of our teams (Paid Media, Google, Email/SMS, Creative, CRO, etc.) to grow your Client's brands based on their North Star Goal. You will be crafting the high-level strategy needed for your Clients to be successful. In this role, you will work directly with our CMO, Brandon Fink.About Us:EXCELLENCE | COLLABORATION | EFFICIENCY | POSITIVITY | GROWTH

Are you looking to grow phenomenal 7 and 8 figure e-commerce brands?
Do you want to join a company where you can really feel valued, and make an impact?
Are you craving to be at the helm of some of the most respected e-commerce brands?

If you answered yes to all of the above, then you are in the right place!WKND Digital, the fastest growing Direct-To-Consumer Digital Marketing Agency in the USA, is looking for a Full Stack Marketer. We are a team of nearly 100 people around the world, with 5 offices worldwide, and plan for further expansion in 2022!

2 offices, including our main headquarters, in Sacramento, California
1 office in Nashville, Tennessee
1 international office in Romania
1 office in SOHO New York - our newest location!
Remote positions all around the world

Our Culture:

We are an internationally distributed workforce, with employees from all walks of life.
You will not find anyone wearing a suit in our offices. Ever.
We all work hard to get things done. This is not a typical 9 to 5 culture.
We are a bootstrapped company, so we do more with less.

KPIs you will achieve:

80%+ of Client North Star Goals for 6 Clients on a Quarterly basis
20% increase in Client ad spend on a Quarterly basis

Initiatives / Outcomes for Success:

Create key strategist templates
Optimize process for Full Stack Marketer role

Key Responsibilities:

Plan and execute growth strategy to clients to reach Client North Star Goals
Break down Client North Star Goals into quarterly actionable KPIs
Lead the Pod Team (FB, Google, Email, etc.)
Leading Internal bi-weekly Client Strategy Calls
Leading Biweekly Client Calls
Ability to establish SOPs for repetitive processes as well as custom documentation specific to each client.

Deal Makers:

Superb communication, presentation, and authentic storytelling skills
Strategic and analytical thinker
Strong understanding of the DTC marketplace
Data-driven and results-oriented
Strong listening skills to understand clients' visible and invisible needs

Deal Breakers:

“Me First” vs a “We First” Attitude
Inability to take constructive criticism

Technical Competencies:

5+ years of e-comm digital marketing experience, with 2+ years creating marketing strategy

Compensation:

$93k to $178k
$75k to $95k salary + commission
401k
Health Insurance
PTO
Remote Work

Hiring Process

Our hiring processes are unusually thorough. In addition to the usual interviews, we ask candidates about their entire career - all your successes, mistakes, key decisions, and important professional relationships. Finalists are asked to arrange personal reference calls with former managers and peers.

There are many benefits of our Hiring Process to high performers:

You'll join a company with almost all high performers.
Career opportunities with WKND Digital are phenomenal because so many high performers continue to grow the company.
Within weeks of joining us, you will receive comprehensive coaching to help you assimilate smoothly into WKND Digital, perform very well quickly, and begin formulating your Individual Development Plan to help you grow.

Check us:Check out our official instagram, as well as our CEO's Instagram:WKND Instagram: wknddigitalCEO Instagram: tommypatterson
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year

Candidate has to be on our W2.
Has to be 

US citizen, Green Card, EAD towards Green Card, H4 EAD, TN visa

Title: Security Consultant/ DevSec Ops/ Cloud security 
Must-Have Skills: 

developing security solutions on AWS cloud and applying the cloud native security services
Understand identity concepts - SAML, JWT, Oauth etc.
Prefer they know many cloud security products
Cloud firewalls & network segmentation rules.
Cloud API Gateway Security Policies
Cloud Web Application Firewall
SIEM loggin
NW security background will be good
Dish uses third party tools
security frameworks and processes - CIS, NIST, PCI/DSS. SOCI/II, etc

Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote



   Please review the job details below.
  


    Maxar is seeking a Software Engineer to join our Space Software group. This position can be performed remotely within the U.S. You will be part of the Ground Software team responsible for developing, deploying, and maintaining telemetry and commanding products. The software you build will support manufacturing teams, mission operations, and customers for multiple satellite programs under test and in orbit.
  


    Life with Us
  


    In this role, you will develop, test, and operate highly-available and scalable full-stack software that enables commanding of spacecraft and processing of satellite telemetry. The tools you build will allow operators to safely and efficiently conduct testing and operations of the spacecraft.
  


    We are investing heavily in modernizing and unifying our software products which you will play a vital role in the evolution of. You will have the freedom to design and engineer solutions to drive innovative, modern approaches to meet our user needs and customer requirements. A successful candidate will be a passionate developer that embraces modern software development and insists others do as well. You will introduce automation and evangelize new tools and processes within a collaborative team environment.
  


    No prior space experience is required. This role operates at the intersection of exciting aerospace opportunities with cutting-edge software development practices and tools. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives, and we encourage applications from motivated individuals who may not meet all of the listed preferred qualifications but are willing and excited to learn on the job.
  


    What you'll do day-to-day (with your colleagues):
  



      Develop frontend and backend software for a high-performance, real-time data processing system within an agile team environment
    


      Perform peer reviews and create test cases and procedures to verify software functionality
    


      Document and maintain architectures, requirements, algorithms, and system interfaces
    


      Participate in software requirements evaluation, generation, design, implementation, and testing discussions.
    


      Collaborate with flight software, integration & test (I&T), and mission operations teams to understand user needs
    


      Identify opportunities to transition legacy-based systems into modern, high-performance, reliable software architectures
    


      Share your knowledge as you help grow your fellow software engineer team members
    


      Respond to incidents and anomalies through on-call support and improved automated performance monitoring & alerting
    



    What we look for in team members: As a team member at Maxar we expect you to demonstrate the following key qualities at all times: Honesty, Integrity, Loyalty, Curiosity and Courage. These align with the company values: Put the Mission First, You Matter, Act Like Owners, Do It Right, and Stay Curious.
  


    What We Offer: Time for dedicated professional development, conference attendance, corporate partner and industry training, peer group collaboration, hackathons, as well as paid certifications, education reimbursement and student loan forgiveness.
  


    Minimum requirements for this position:
  



      Must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident
    


      2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
    


      Programming experience with C++, Java, and/or Python
    


      Familiarly with infrastructure as code tools (e.g., Terraform) and CI/CD tools (e.g., GitLab)
    


      Experience building services on AWS, including use of serverless computing technologies
    


      Experience with a large shared codebase and continuous integration and deployment workflows and tooling
    



    Preferred Qualifications:
  



      Development experience with command and telemetry processing, mission operations, ground segments, and/or satellite software
    


      Experience designing and/or developing web-based observability, data visualization, and user interface applications
    


      Familiarity with relational, NoSQL, and/or time-series databases (e.g. MySQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, InfluxDB)
    


      Experience with utilizing automated testing frameworks (JUnit, PyTest, Boost)
    


      Experience with user-interface design/development (Tcl/Tk, AngularJS)
    


      Experience with service-oriented and micro-service architectures
    


      Strong written communications
    


      Highly focused self-starter that likes solving problems
    


      Passion for learning and teaching new technical skills
    



    COVID-19 Update:
  


    All Maxar U.S. employees and international employees who work in the U.S. and visit Maxar sites must be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 no later than January 18, 2022, except in cases where legally entitled to an exception.
  


    Maxar Technologies values diversity in the workplace and is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
  




   Who is Recruiting from Scratch:
  

    Recruiting from Scratch is a premier talent firm that focuses on placing the best product managers, software, and hardware talent at innovative companies. Our team is 100% remote and we work with teams across the United States to help them hire. We work with companies funded by the best investors including Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Ventures, Tiger Global Management, A16Z, Accel, DFJ, and more. 
  

   If you are a fit, the team will reach out to you about this role or any others that may be a fit for our clients. 
  


About Our Client 


   Our client's mission is to create a new standard for mental health delivery, accessible to people and sustainable for providers. They are broadening access to care through offering increased service types (coaching, groups, therapy), measurement-based care, and insurance-funded care. Now more than ever, we are looking to address mental health needs of our communities. They are VC-backed and was founded in 2018 with footprints in New York and California, as well as virtually nationwide. 
  

About The Role 


   Our client is looking for a full-stack engineer to help us develop the systems and tools needed to support clients seeking care, providers offering care, and the operational team and infrastructure to support the two. We are a small but growing team who work primarily remotely, using Next.js (React), Django on PostgreSQL, and GraphQL to bring everything together. 
  

Qualifications 



Experience developing and deploying with React 
Experience developing and deploying Python applications into production environments with a preference for Django 
Familiarity with modern web technologies (such as JSON, HTTP2, WebSockets, HTML, JavaScript, CSS) 
Experience relational database systems like PostgreSQL or MySQL 
Experience integrating and synchronizing data with third-party APIs 
A preference for writing quality code with automated testing and leaving the codebase better than how you found it 
Experience with continuous delivery and troubleshooting production code 
Comfortable communicating with engineers, clinical, and operations staff to solve open-ended problems 
Interest in doing mission-oriented work especially in the healthcare space 



Nice to Have 



Experience with infrastructure-as-code & continuous deployment in production 
Maintained security initiatives such as penetration testing or bug bounty programs 
Experience working with healthcare, healthcare technology, and clinical staff, or other regulated industries 



Benefits: PTO, Healthcare, and more
    

 Base Salary Range: $150,000 to $200,000
    






Skills and experience:
 Title: Embedded IoT Applications Developer Why is this position open? Growth Pay/Salary/Benefits/Perks: Up to $135k + competitive benefits  Work from Home Policy: Full remote - would love candidates that would be open to coming down to Nashville once a month. Interview Process: 3 Interviews, streamlined Key Skills: Linux, Java, Docker, Cisco, edge devices, IoT, Networking

    Responsibilities:
   

Research, design, develop and improve IoT software
Test, evaluate and debug software components
Collaborate within the software team, perform code-reviews and share knowledge
Produce high quality code and documentation
Develop quality assurance procedures



    Qualifications:
   

3 years+ working experience with hands-on software development
Proficient experience in Java development
Proficient experience in designing and implementing scalable IoT applications
Good understanding of basic internet network protocols (TCP/IP, MQTT, DNS, HTTP) and networking APIs
Experience in handling LAN/WAN IP network problems
Good in shell scripting or python
Fluent in sustainable & agile software development practices like TDD and CI/CD
Fluent in using Linux, GIT and Docker containers
Experience in remotely deploying / running applications in edge environments
Drive for strong security




At John Deere, we run so life can leap forward. This powerful purpose is our promise to humankind that we will dream, design and deliver breakthrough products that sustain our world for generations to come. The world is counting on us to feed billions of people and build vital infrastructures in villages, towns, and megacities. We live up to the legacy our founder forged in a one-room blacksmith's shop nearly two centuries ago by creating a culture that brings out the best in all of us. A culture where great ideas thrive because every voice is heard.
Primary Location: United States (US) - Iowa - Dubuque
Function: Product Engineering
Title: Embedded Software Engineer - 86285
Onsite/Remote: Partial Remote Position
This position is eligible for partial telework arrangement at the present time. The arrangement may be delayed for training or other job acclimation purposes and remains subject to change.
Your Responsibilities
As an Embedded Software Engineer working at John Deere Construction and Forestry Division located in Dubuque, IA, you will become a contributing member of an embedded software engineering team, focused on the development of embedded software applications for off-highway industrial equipment.
In addition, you will:
Design, develop, test, and debug software components used for electronically controlled systems on various construction products, while complying with a defined development process and coding standards
Participate on Agile-based software development teams and collaborate with cross functional product design teams developing various features, such as electro-hydraulics, powertrain, and/or operator interfaces
Utilize software tools and electronic instruments to troubleshoot and debug embedded systems
Provide technical support to the factory, Supply Management, and Product Support during key product development phases
 Visa sponsorship is NOT available for this position.
What Skills You Need
Basic knowledge of a programming language, preferably Procedural or Object-Oriented
Strong mathematical and analytical problem-solving skills
Effective communicator with teamwork experience
What Makes You Stand Out
Experience with IDEs or code editors (Microsoft Visual Studio, Eclipse, Visual Studio Code, etc.)
Basic knowledge of microcontrollers or embedded systems
Experience with source code management, continuous integration tools, or build automation such as GitHub, Jenkins, & MSBuild
Experience Model Based Software Design, preferably Mathworks (Simulink/Stateflow/Real-Time Workshop)
Design/development experience with automotive, agricultural, or industrial software applications.
Experience with CAN communications protocol and the J1939 standards
Technical experience with electrohydraulic or electromechanical systems
Effective time management skills, with the ability to work on multi-location teams
Education
Ideally you will have a degree or equivalent related work experience in the following:
Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or Equivalent.
What You'll Get
At John Deere, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go. Here, you'll enjoy the freedom to explore new projects, the support to think outside the box and the advanced tools and technology that foster innovation and achievement. We offer comprehensive relocation and reward packages to help you get started on your new career path. Click here to find out more about our Total Rewards Package.
The information contained herein is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and qualifications required of individuals performing the job. The qualifications detailed in this job description are not considered the minimum requirements necessary to perform the job, but rather as guidelines.
An Equal Opportunity Employer, John Deere requires a diversity of people, perspectives and ideas to address the complex challenges of its global business. John Deere is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.This role can be performed remotely anywhere within the United States and Canada.

FullStory's mission is to help teams create amazing online experiences for their users. We do this by applying deep expertise in distributed systems and computer science to build an ambitiously high-scale, high-value platform, presented in an intuitive manner that customers love.

As a Software Engineer on the FullStory App UI team, you will help build tooling that is simple and scalable so that building the FullStory UI is fluid and intuitive. We take pride in the fact that our work is the foundation of the entire FullStory app. App UI empowers product teams to rapidly craft delightful digital experiences through tools, internal libraries, and documentation.

Day-to-day you'll:
Work in React and Typescript to build and maintain our React Component Library.
Contribute and improve components in our design system.
Empower fellow UI engineers by building tools, components, libraries, and processes that supercharge their work.
Address customer feedback, either through fixes, feature improvements, or helping support craft an answer. Well written communication goes a long way.
Improve our tooling, testing, or other shared infrastructure.
Work to ensure that the product makes sense from every angle.
We're looking for someone who:
Has 2+ years of React and TypeScript experience
Has experience implementing React best practices (e.g., Hooks)
Has experience working with Design System and associated tools (e.g., Storybook)
It would be amazing if:
You have experience building or maintaining a React Component Library or Design System
You have worked in a product-centric engineering role
You are self-motivated and excited to work collaboratively. Code reviews, design reviews, and pairing are the norm.
You have a passion for continuous improvement and learning
#LI-Remote #LI-RM1
About FullStory

Founded in 2014 on the belief that everyone benefits from a more perfect digital experience, FullStory's digital experience intelligence (DXI) platform empowers businesses to continuously improve their customer experience across sites and apps. FullStory is backed by world-class investors and has 500+ employees worldwide with offices in Atlanta and London. We are proud to have been named to Forbes' List of America's Top Startup Employers, Wealthfront's Career Launching Companies List, and LinkedIn's Top US Startups List. We are guided by our values of Empathy, Clarity, Bionics, and Trust, which we embed in our day-to-day work.

How we support you:

FullStorians are committed to building something better—from how we approach our product, to how we care for our customers and each other. Better is only possible when we can bring our full selves to work. Along these lines, we offer:

Autonomy and flexibility. From a remote-first work environment and unlimited paid time off, to an annual company-wide closure – FullStorians can focus on the moments that matter.
Benefits. Take care of the whole you. FullStory offers sponsored benefit packages for US-based FullStorians, and supplemental coverage options for international FullStorians.
Learning opportunities. We provide professional development opportunities through training programs, career coaching sessions, and an annual learning subsidy.
Productivity support. We provide all FullStorians with a monthly productivity stipend and reimburse remote colleagues for their initial home office set up.
Team events. Connect with fellow FullStorians through Employee Resource Group events, Listening & Alignment weeks, and team off-sites.
Paid parental leave. FullStorians have the flexibility to balance the needs of their growing families without the added stress of figuring out work and finances.
Bereavement leave. Every family is different; we leave it to you to define who your family is, and support you when you need it most.
Miscarriage/Pregnancy loss leave. Whether it is for a FullStorian or their partner – take the time you need.

FullStory is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to fostering an increasingly diverse community. We want candidates of all human varieties, backgrounds, and lifestyles. There's no problem that can't be made better by bringing together people with a broader set of perspectives. If our product, values, and community resonate with you, please apply - we'd love to hear from you!

If you may require reasonable accommodations to participate in our job application or interview process, please contact accommodations@fullstory.com. Requests for accommodations will be treated confidentially.
About Our Company
Made and Modern is a furniture manufacturing business that combines modern technology with timeless craftsmanship. Using commodity robotics through our proprietary software, we produce high quality furniture at unbeatable prices. With our designs custom-made and produced completely in-house, we are revolutionizing the industry itself. Our purpose is to make high-fashion, luxury furniture accessible to all, while instituting ideals of conscious capitalism with the aspiration of improving humanity.
What To Expect
Here at Made and Modern, we are committed to developing each and every one of our employees. With an emphasis on innovation and efficiency, we are a fast-paced, quickly growing company that is not afraid to think outside the box. We are looking for candidates who will join our team and take pride in the work they do at Made and Modern. You will walk away from this position with a deeper understanding of both your specialized role, and the necessary skills to create and manage a successful company. Working closely with Senior managers, you will have the opportunity to learn from some of the most qualified industry leaders. If you are ready to dig deep and make meaningful change, apply to join our team today!
Responsibilities: 

To implement streamlined user experience and first-class codebase using the Angular best practices for design and modularity
To deliver a complete front-end application using the latest and needed technologies as per business requirements.
To write impeccably tested and documented JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Determining the structure and design of web pages.
Ensuring user experience determines design choices.
Developing features to enhance the user experience.
Striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design.
Ensuring web design is optimized for smartphones.
Building reusable code for future use.
Optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability.
Utilizing a variety of markup languages to write web pages.
Implement responsible web design principles to ensure that our company website renders well across multiple devices
Design a framework for creating user apps that grows with the needs of the company
Monitor website performance, watch for traffic drops related to site usability problems and rectify the issues
Review app and feature coding and plan future website upgrades with the development team
Assist in the development of applications and features that will be put on the website and in internal functions as well

Experience: 5 + years

Understanding of CSS libraries like tailwind, bootstrap or Material.
Understanding of key design principles.
Experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery.
Understanding of server-side CSS.
Experience with graphic design applications such as Adobe Illustrator.
Experience with responsive and adaptive design.
Understanding of SEO principles.

Required qualifications
Bachelors/ Masters in Computer science/ computer engineering
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
At Made and Modern, we believe that there is inherent value in diversifying backgrounds and experiences. With an appreciation for a variety of perspectives, we provide a safe environment for individuals to express themselves and carefully consider how we can complement each other to achieve greater success. Thus, we employ on a merit-basis and do not discriminate based on one’s social identities.
Job Type: Full-time
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

Front Office Solutions is looking for a well-rounded software engineer for a variety of development roles which will provide data for a data management function within a portfolio analysis framework. Candidate will have over 7+ years of development with active hands on development roles on medium scale production deployments of front and back ends.
Active use of Agile or Work In Progress development with CI/CD deployments is required. Candidate must be able to give examples of independent, solutions based working approaches.
OrganizationalProven ability to work independently and effectively on a small development teamProven ability to work towards driving decisions in an environment with incomplete, or uncertain information.Exceptional time organization skillsProven ability to work in a rapidly changing environmentProven ability raising relevant issues and helping provide firm basis, options, pro/com for resolution.Proven ability to work in an iterative development environmentProven ability working closely with other developersProven ability to be self-sufficient in solving problemsProven ability using networking to analyze, compare and implement solutions.Qualifications:SkillsDataProven ability of simplifying design through data simplicity.Solid knowledge of database implementations (Data Vault, SQL server, MongoDB, Data Warehouse)Detailed working knowledge of SQL on Snowflake, AWS RDSInterfacingWorking knowledge of API designWorking knowledge of using REST APIsWorking knowledge of generating a json structures.Working knowledge of aggregation with overlapping time series is a plusWorking knowledge of nested aggregation structuresArchitectureProven working experience with API design working closely business analystsWorking knowledge of web applications using RestAPI.Message Driven DesignDomain Driven DesignSoftware OperationsStrong knowledge of CI/CD deployment pipelinesProven ability with independent server-side architecture design, implementation and deployment.Proven ability with long term server design, deployment and supportVendor usageDetailed working knowledge of AWS Lambda, APIGateway, SAM templatesKnowledge of API deployment strategies (EC2, Lambda)LanguagesStrong knowledge of Node JS, Typescript server side.Proven capability of deploying production server code with multiple languages (Java, C++, Python, Scala, etc).OtherUnderlying interest or experience with financial portfolios is a must.Proven curiosity and creativity in examples of problem solving.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $195,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 7 years (Required)
SQL: 7 years (Required)
JSON: 5 years (Required)
APIs: 5 years (Required)
AWS: 5 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
We are headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan but are hiring and working remotely.

As a Software Engineer focused on asset discovery, you will build and maintain world-class systems for discovering who owns what on the Internet. Censys maintains the largest, most accurate and most credible dataset of Internet assets and risks for security practitioners. We're looking for talented engineers to build and maintain systems that map that data onto real world organization so that those organizations can harden their Internet-facing infrastructure and minimize the risk of breaches.

What you will do:

Build and maintain systems that automate the discovery of Internet assets (websites, domain names, IP addresses, etc) as part of an agile development team
Evolve complex, continuously changing data models for both customer-facing and internal APIs
Work with persistent data stores, caches, 3rd party APIs and integrating them into systems that can evolve gracefully over time
Build software artifacts, automated tests, and CI infrastructure

What we're looking for:

Experience
3 to 5 years industry experience
Experience designing and building high-impact, high-performance, secure, scalable, observable, and maintainable backend services
Experience building and maintaining distributed systems
Experience with golang and python
Experience with building software systems that reside in cloud platforms: containers, microservice architectures, managed compute and data storage services
Experience with REST/GRPC and service-oriented architectures
 Qualities
Comfortable with projects that have a large degree of uncertainty and risk
Experienced distributed systems debugger who can identify root cause and remediate issues in production under pressure
Desire to collaborate with and advise product management and leadership to balance long term maintainability of software against rapid development
Understands and practices the principles of continuous delivery to ensure quick, safe, and sustainable development in the face of changing priorities and uncertainty

What will make you stand out:

Understanding of common Internet infrastructure such as DNS, IP WHOIS, routing and load balancing technologies
Working knowledge of computer networking, undergraduate networking course or equivalent knowledge
Practical experience measuring statistical algorithms for accuracy or experience with rule-based systems


We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Censys is an equal opportunity employer.


   We are looking for a Software Engineering Consultant to join our team! This position offers remote flexibility to work from anywhere in the US.
  


 What will this person do?



 Managing projects from start to finish and ensure successful implementation within agreed cost, schedule and quality targets.
 Write and maintain front-end and/or backend code using APIs as well as intensive testing
 Communicate with other developers to integrate module and packages into enterprise solutions
 Analyzing and defining business processes to develop innovative and customer specific solutions - based on standard platforms.
 Ability to coordinate complex problems involving various audiences. Positively interact with all internal customers.
 Creation of professional and technical documents during the requirements phase is also part of your main tasks.
 Maintain existing projects: add features and fix bugs as they arise




 What qualifications does this position require?



 2+ years industry experience in information technology, software development and data management.
 Basic to intermediate knowledge of AWS, especially Dynamo, RDS, Lambda, IAM and Cloud Formation.
 Experience in Source-Code-Management tools such as Bitbucket or (preferably) AWS CodeCommit.
 Enhanced Development skills in web-based technologies like HTML, CSS and JavaScript
 Knowledge of containers (not required, but a huge plus)
 Advanced Experience in JavaScript Frameworks like Angular 6.0+
 Development of backend code in C# .Net Core / NodeJS
 Experience with Source-Code-Management Systems such as Git
 Experience using SQL (MSSQL, MySQL or MemSQL preferred)




 Why you’ll love working at Siemens! 




Competitive compensation
 Medical, dental, prescription and vision coverage, first day of employment
 Matching 401(k) (immediate employer match)
 Competitive vacation plan, paid holidays, and floating holidays
 Career development opportunities
 Education and tuition reimbursement programs available
 Paid parental leave


 #LI-DM4
  


 Organization: Global Business Services
 Company: Siemens Corporation
 Experience Level: Experienced Professional
 Job Type: Full-time
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.  EEO is the Law Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.  Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.  California Privacy Notice California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.

As a remote work organization, Enveyo hires top talent from around the nation to create a team of talented individuals who help leading organizations transform their supply chain operations.
Basic Function
As a member of this small, fast-paced, agile software development team focused on achieving results, the Software Engineers will work directly with the CTO/Co-Founder of the organization and receive daily direction from the team lead. This team is focused on developing and improving high quality, enterprise solutions for our clients. Individuals in this role will work on a suite of products and will spend their time as follows – product infrastructure development (20%), new feature development (45%), and software issue resolution (35%). Individuals in this role will have the unique opportunity to drive the direction of the product for the organization. As a remote employee in an organization adept at managing a remote workforce, individuals in these roles will have full responsibility for managing their time and work with a high degree of flexibility to enhance and improve the product.
Key Responsibilities
Develop and deploy high-volume distributed and scalable applications in Java while maintaining the project schedule
Conceptualize, design, develop, debug, and provide effort estimation and risk analysis of a project/feature/service
Participate in the design, provide input into architectural decisions, and standardization efforts influencing product or service
Work closely with Product Management to define requirements
Take end-to-end ownership of the development of products and services service, while coordinate with internal and external teams/stakeholders as appropriate
Translate high level requirements to actionable tasks/deliverables
Work multi-functionally with various teams including site reliability engineers, project managers, product managers
Candidate Attributes & Skills
The successful candidate will be a results-oriented, high-performing technologist with a strong desire to deepen their own expertise and be part of a fast growing, software product company.
Experience working with agile development methods
Working knowledge of distributed computing principles
Working knowledge of software engineering standard methodologies (e.g., code reviews, unit testing, integration testing, design documentation)
Willing to work fast without compromising on the quality of the work; comfortable taking risks, making mistakes, and learning from mistakes
Strong ability to “dig-in,” investigate, research, and read code to solve problems, develop features and enhancements and comfortable asking questions and working with others to solve issues
Experience & Education
A minimum of 5 years of web application development work in a remote work environment preferably in the parcel/shipping industry and/or supply chain
Preference given to those with experience working with big data and development principles around data sciences or front-end web-development experience
Practical experience writing in Java, Grails, Spring Boot, JavaScript, jQuery, JavaScript, front end JavaScript frameworks (Angular, React, Vue, etc.)
Strong Experience in Web Development (Full Stack Development)
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related discipline required; Master’s preferred
Must be legally authorized to work in the US
What Enveyo Offers
Competitive salary
Flexible schedule + 100% remote work opportunity
Bonus potential, profit sharing, 401k
Every team member enjoys one week off in July and one week off in December (in addition to vacation)
Excellent health benefits

  REMOTE Python/Postgres Engineer 
  
   Backed by the same folks who funded Zoom, Fitbit, Acorns & Kahoot!, we are a fully funded startup who recently raised a 30M+ Series C round! 
   
 Were building the future of eCommerce distribution. Our autonomous robots are automating the eCommerce distribution world without disrupting the businesss operations. With our like-minded yet diverse team of robotics professionals, we have been able to achieve some great feats in a relatively short time frame leading to some industry leading tech, patents and more! Were looking for talented Robotics enthusiasts who share our passion and want be apart of a cutting-edge tech company driven by teamwork.
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Work on the development of an innovative logistics platform. 
Help develop new features, contribute to our systems-driven operations processes, and most importantly, youll help create an outstanding user experience for our customers with excellent software design.
Work with the team of software engineers to rapidly develop high quality and well tested code
Active participation in continuous improvement process
Develop a deep understanding of customer needs and use cases for our products
Participate in the on-call rotation

 What You Need for this Position

3+ years of industry experience building software in Python
3+ years of industry experience with Linux
3+ years of industry experience with an RDBMS (PostgreSQL preferred)

 What's In It for You

Full benefits (Medica, Dental, Vision, LTD)
Paid and Sick time off
Competitive Compensation + Equity
Opportunity to work in a rapidly growing startup that offers stability (very well funded)


    So, if you are a Python/Postgres Engineer with experience, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
  
 CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
 

C++ Developer
Remote
12 months
Required Experience:
Strong implementation experience with C++ codeExperience in handling native code from Managed code and Vice versaGood experience in SQLX++ will be added advantageGood communication skills
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $40.00 - $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote

GovFirst is currently seeking a permanent hire, experienced Front-End/UI Software Engineer for a premier financial technology solutions provider to design and build web applications by producing front-end code to create an optimal user interface with a focus on usability and simplicity of design.Our client offers incredible career opportunities and benefits (please see the benefits section below)
This position is 100% remote. (Preferred location will be Central/East Coast Time Zone)
What you will be doing: 

Enhancing and maintaining a modern JavaScript-based application
Developing, enhancing, and maintaining front-end software code to make available and display pre-processed data
Developing and maintaining test cases for the front-end applications

Requirements: 

5+ years of proven experience developing front-end user interfaces
5+ years of experience with JavaScript and related ecosystem tools (e.g., bootstrap, jQuery, etc.)
4+ years of experience with UI development using Angular
Expertise in XML (XBRL preferred, but not required)
Heavy front-end experience in JavaScript / Angular
Experience with Node.js and JSON
Strong understanding of web application software development lifecycle including version control, debugging tools, and testing tools
Passion for working on complex software solutions having major impact on the client we serve
Strong verbal and written communication skills is a must
Ability to learn new technologies quickly
Ability to effectively and efficiently multi-task, prioritize, and carry out projects through to completion with minimal supervision
Ability to maintain a high level of accuracy and attention to detail
All employees must be fully vaccinated for COVID-19

Education Required: 

Bachelor's Degree

Clearance Required: 

None - but must be clearable to a Public Trust Clearance

Work Authorization Required: 

U.S. Citizen

Benefits: 

Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Health Savings Account
Company Funded Basic Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance
Short-Term and Long-Term Disability Insurance
401(k) Profit-Sharing Plan
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Employee Assistance Program
Commuter Benefits
Educational Assistance
Paid Time Off
Federal Holidays
Bonus Incentive Program (BIP)
Employee Referral Program

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $156,036.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you a U.S. Citizen?
What are your salary expectations?
Are able to obtain a Public Trust Clearance?

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
Angular: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


About Buildout
 In 2010 Buildout pioneered commercial real estate (CRE) marketing automation. Today, with over 35,000 brokers and with 12 of the top 20 brokerages counted as customers, Buildout continues to be the leader in CRE marketing automation in addition to recently launching valuable, integrated back-office workflow and customer relationship management (CRM) solutions. Developed in close collaboration with our customers, Buildout allows brokerages to bring their expertise to every stage of their deals all from within one platform. Our vision is that CRE dealmaking will be tech-powered, but human-led. Ask us about our company meetings for an example, and learn more about who we are, what we do, and why we're changing the face of CRE tech on our website: https://buildout.com/.
 The Opportunity
 Headquartered in Chicago with employees distributed across the country, we're a fast-growing tech company that achieves our vision through our commitment to our Team, our Customers, our Product, and the continuous pursuit of Quality. It is our intention to create exceptional, easy to use, high quality products that lead the Commercial Real Estate industry into the future and delight our customers.
 To achieve these intentions, our software teams work closely with their product team members to build and improve our industry-leading commercial real estate CRM products. We are looking for someone to:

Create the next generation of CRM software within Commercial Real Estate
Build and maintain elegant and easy-to-use integrations between our marketing platform and existing CRM options (Rethink, Apto, Lite CRM)

How You'll Contribute at Buildout

Consistently and quickly build and launch excellent software by:
Understanding our customers and their needs Engineering elegant and practical solutions Iterating on and polishing your work to meet the standards for Buildout Quality 
Help your team lead break large projects and requirements into smaller components and estimate that work so everyone can easily work on them. Long, costly and wasteful IPMs are not encouraged here.
Work with your team's Product Manager and UX Designer to ensure everyone is on the same page and the user experience is consistently great
Coach and mentor your more junior team mates by performing thorough and timely code reviews, pairing on difficult issues to share knowledge and drive accountability, and delivery excellent software on a timely basis to lead by example
Set and achieve Buildout sponsored personal and professional goals with your team lead and the VP of Engineering

What You'll Bring to Buildout

2+ years of product software development experience within a SaaS company, or the ability to demonstrate you've learned enough in less time to still be a great engineer and valuable team member
Solid cross-team and cross-functional communication skills
A love of software engineering, design, documentation, testing, and automation
Pluses, but not required:
Commercial Real Estate experience Cool personal projects you'd like to share and chat about 

What are the technical skills that you'll need to succeed?
 We are looking for a full-stack engineer. However, "full-stack" can mean a lot these days, so here is what we're looking for specifically:
 Ruby/Rails: We're a Ruby shop here at Buildout, so a deep knowledge of Rails is going to help you get up and running quickly. Our app uses all of the standard Rails goodness you know and love, as well as a lot of additional tools for design, business logic, and background jobs. If you like to learn new skills, you're going to fit in really well.
 Javascript: Our front-end relies heavily on Javascript. We currently have a mix of core features written using vanilla ES5 and React, but are focusing on ES6 and React for all future front-end work. We are looking for people with a strong working Javascript base who want to keep finding and working with the best new tools.
 Testing: Is testing a natural part of your process? If so, you'll be appreciated here. We are actively building out our test suite and providing ample team resources to make sure that everything we create is tested and rock-solid. Our test suite uses RSpec for most of our Rails work.
 Other Web Tech: We use git for source control, Slim for our view templates, lightly customized Bootstrap for our CSS, MySQL and AWS. If you're really passionate about some new technology, we'd love to hear about it.

 We know there are great candidates who won't check all of these boxes, and we also know you might bring important skills that we haven't considered. If that's you, don't hesitate to apply and tell us about yourself.
 We are based in Chicago, but this is a remote-friendly role open across most of the US.  The salary range for this position is $96,000 to $131,000.


 Perks & Benefits
 We built a benefits program to match the quality of our team. This program includes:

Impactful insurance and benefit options, including covering 100% of employee health insurance premiums, FSA plan, STD, LTD, life insurance, and telemedicine
Policies that support a healthy work/life balance, including generous PTO, paid parental leave, and give back days
401(k) with 4% company match and immediate vesting
An office in Chicago for those who prefer an office setting, plus a monthly remote work reimbursement
Challenging problems to solve with a committed and supportive team who are invested in your growth and development
A wonderfully quirky culture where you're encouraged to bring your whole self to work



 Buildout is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, marital status, order of protection status, citizenship status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
 If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@buildout.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information and we will consider your request.
 Below, you will be asked to complete identity information for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). It is required by law that we ask these questions using the format provided by the EEOC. However, we want you to know that at Buildout, we understand that gender is not binary and welcome people of all identities.
 For more information about our privacy practices please visit our Privacy Policy. California residents have additional rights and should review the Additional Disclosures for California Residents section in our Privacy Policy.




Rochester, NY 
Category: Tech
Type: Full-time
Min. Experience: Some Experience
Salary: $82,000 - $90,000





Location: Full Time - Rochester, NY/Remote


    Measures for Justice is a non-partisan, fast-paced, entrepreneurial non-profit on a mission to make good criminal justice data available and actionable to spur reform. Since 2011, we have pioneered a methodology to compare how different justice systems perform on the county level and led the charge to improve county-level criminal justice data. While we do not advocate for any specific reforms, we do work to make change possible by increasing system transparency, accessibility, and accountability. We’ve got world-class criminal justice data and technology chops. And a culture that demands excellence, rigor and people who like to make good ideas come to life. 
   Our Premise


    Local communities and the institutions that serve them are in the best position to reshape how their criminal justice system works. 
   What Problem Is MFJ Trying to Solve?


    The data communities need to make informed decisions about system performance and change are in short supply. The same goes for accountability and transparency. As a result, communities and the institutions that serve them are not equipped to work together on lasting change.
  


 How Does MFJ Aim To Solve This Problem?


    We’ve developed a new model for the community and the prosecutor/police/courts to work together to create a space for making criminal justice data transparent and shared goals public via a public dashboard called Commons.
  

 The Job


    As a Web Developer, reporting to the Director of Product Engineering, you will work on an agile team of talented developers to create data-centric, web based products that help bring transparency to the criminal justice system and reflect MFJ’s social impact mission.
  

 What You Will Do


    You will be working in a full Javascript stack leveraging React, D3, Next.js, Node, Typescript and GraphQL and will be developing and supporting both public facing products as well as internally facing data processing tools. Our overall tech stack includes HTML5/CSS, React, Node, Next.js, D3, Kotlin, Java, Postgres, Docker, AWS services (including S3 and DynamoDB), Redis, GraphQL, Kubernetes.
  

 About You




      You are continually improving your craft and are eager to work with the latest technologies.
    


      You have strong design and critical thinking skills, with knowledge of web development best practices.
    


      You are creative with an intuitive sense of design. You have a mastery of HTML5/CSS and can develop a UI without a framework, but have also worked with frameworks such as SASS, Tailwind, Bootstrap, or Foundation.
    


      Your programming skills are way above average, you’re admired by your peers and have had a continuous string of successful projects.
    


      You are familiar with accessibility best-practices. You write semantic HTML that can be navigated with just a keyboard, and you know when to use (and not use) ARIA attributes.
    


      You have worked with JavaScript libraries/environments such as React, Node, Next.js, D3,UI component libraries.
    


      You have prior professional experience working for a criminal justice agency (preferred).
    


      1+ years professional web development experience (Co-ops and Internships apply).
    


      BS or MS in Computer Science or related discipline or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
    


 Next Steps


    To apply, please visit our website - https://www.measuresforjustice.org/about/jobs
  


 Review of applications will begin 
   immediately
 and will continue until the position is filled.
  

 Measures for Justice (MFJ) is committed to fostering diversity, equity, and inclusion in our workplace. We are committed to eradicating barriers to access and opportunity and strive to create a welcoming environment for people of all backgrounds. We know that only by bringing together our diverse perspectives can we begin to understand and innovatively tackle the complex issues we engage with. We acknowledge there is a lot of work to be done to ensure we are embodying these principles in our workplace and our work, and we are deeply committed to this ongoing practice. Our work is the data; our heart is the people. We encourage applicants from all backgrounds and experiences to apply. We offer competitive salaries, comprehensive benefits, and a casual work environment. Our office is wheelchair accessible.
  


 It is the policy of Measures for Justice to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Measures for Justice will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
If you require an accommodation during the hiring process, please contact Jill Wesley at 
jill.wesley@measuresforjustice.org







    Scope AR is the pioneer of enterprise-class augmented reality solutions, delivering the industry’s only cross-platform AR tools for getting workers the knowledge they need, when they need it. The company is revolutionizing the way enterprises work and collaborate by offering AR tools that provide more effective and efficient knowledge-sharing to conduct complex remote tasks, employee training, product and equipment assembly, maintenance and repair, field and customer support, and more.
   


 The company’s device-agnostic technology supports smartphones, tablets and wearables, making it easy for leading organizations like Johnson & Johnson, Danaher, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell, and others to leverage AR as a new way to scale their organizations globally, with greater efficiency.
   


 Working at Scope AR provides you the opportunity to have a real and major impact on the way products around the globe get created and how work gets done.
   


 As a DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for scaling and securing server and network infrastructure of our services, both for the Scope AR Cloud and for on-premise installations, often for large, security conscious customers. You will play a key role in delivering the services our software depends upon, and be essential to our success.
   



Responsibilities

 Work with development teams to automate and streamline releases of our mission-critical distributed systems Based on our customers’ needs, design infrastructure configurations, both for our hosted services and for on-premise installations Anticipate changes to infrastructure to meet customers’ changing needs Write scripts to automate installations, maintenance, migrations, etc. Maintain, troubleshoot and administer VMs and networks for our hosted infrastructure Improve our Docker Swarm configuration set up for high availability and scalability to support our products Improve and execute on security policies, identify and resolve security issues Run scans, and harden server images, configuration, networks and environments Monitor services infrastructure performance; analyze issues, recommend and implement changes Automate testing of configuration and scripts Load/stress test configurations Create and run tests to determine scaling characteristics Document DevOps processes: develop standards to guide operations, support and maintenance Work with our customer to establish suitable network configurations and security policies to run our software Provide top tier support for on-premise installations Respond to security and infrastructure questions Plan and execute on meeting compliance requirements





Required Skills

 Minimum 3 yrs experience in a devops role Experience with Kubernetes Very good Linux knowledge Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins/Circle CI Linux server scripting skills, especially bash and higher-level languages, such as Python Automating installations Network configuration, setting firewall rules and other security policies AWS management, especially configuring VPCs, and using IAM Working with Docker, Docker compose and Docker swarm Database scaling and clustering Scaling services and network infrastructure in a cloud or data center environment Managed microservice-based service at scale How to monitor service performance, and automate scaling up or down How to monitor for security issues in an AWS environment





Bonus Skills

 Familiar with red/black deployments Experience with other AWS services, such as Aurora Experience with non-AWS cloud services, such as Microsoft Azure Comfortable scripting in Python and/or Ruby Experience with Chef/Puppet Experience with tools such as ELK, Graylog or similar Experience working in a SOC 2, ISO27001, and other compliance environments






 We're growing our team quickly, so if you like solving hard problems, want to have real influence at work and have the skills listed above, we'd love to hear from you!
   



The core mission of the Full Stack Marketer is to work with all of our teams (Paid Media, Google, Email/SMS, Creative, CRO, etc.) to grow your Client's brands based on their North Star Goal. You will be crafting the high-level strategy needed for your Clients to be successful. In this role, you will work directly with our CMO, Brandon Fink.About Us:EXCELLENCE | COLLABORATION | EFFICIENCY | POSITIVITY | GROWTH

Are you looking to grow phenomenal 7 and 8 figure e-commerce brands?
Do you want to join a company where you can really feel valued, and make an impact?
Are you craving to be at the helm of some of the most respected e-commerce brands?

If you answered yes to all of the above, then you are in the right place!WKND Digital, the fastest growing Direct-To-Consumer Digital Marketing Agency in the USA, is looking for a Full Stack Marketer. We are a team of nearly 100 people around the world, with 5 offices worldwide, and plan for further expansion in 2022!

2 offices, including our main headquarters, in Sacramento, California
1 office in Nashville, Tennessee
1 international office in Romania
1 office in SOHO New York - our newest location!
Remote positions all around the world

Our Culture:

We are an internationally distributed workforce, with employees from all walks of life.
You will not find anyone wearing a suit in our offices. Ever.
We all work hard to get things done. This is not a typical 9 to 5 culture.
We are a bootstrapped company, so we do more with less.

KPIs you will achieve:

80%+ of Client North Star Goals for 6 Clients on a Quarterly basis
20% increase in Client ad spend on a Quarterly basis

Initiatives / Outcomes for Success:

Create key strategist templates
Optimize process for Full Stack Marketer role

Key Responsibilities:

Plan and execute growth strategy to clients to reach Client North Star Goals
Break down Client North Star Goals into quarterly actionable KPIs
Lead the Pod Team (FB, Google, Email, etc.)
Leading Internal bi-weekly Client Strategy Calls
Leading Biweekly Client Calls
Ability to establish SOPs for repetitive processes as well as custom documentation specific to each client.

Deal Makers:

Superb communication, presentation, and authentic storytelling skills
Strategic and analytical thinker
Strong understanding of the DTC marketplace
Data-driven and results-oriented
Strong listening skills to understand clients' visible and invisible needs

Deal Breakers:

“Me First” vs a “We First” Attitude
Inability to take constructive criticism

Technical Competencies:

5+ years of e-comm digital marketing experience, with 2+ years creating marketing strategy

Compensation:

$93k to $178k
$75k to $95k salary + commission
401k
Health Insurance
PTO
Remote Work

Hiring Process

Our hiring processes are unusually thorough. In addition to the usual interviews, we ask candidates about their entire career - all your successes, mistakes, key decisions, and important professional relationships. Finalists are asked to arrange personal reference calls with former managers and peers.

There are many benefits of our Hiring Process to high performers:

You'll join a company with almost all high performers.
Career opportunities with WKND Digital are phenomenal because so many high performers continue to grow the company.
Within weeks of joining us, you will receive comprehensive coaching to help you assimilate smoothly into WKND Digital, perform very well quickly, and begin formulating your Individual Development Plan to help you grow.

Check us:Check out our official instagram, as well as our CEO's Instagram:WKND Instagram: wknddigitalCEO Instagram: tommypatterson
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year



Introduction
 Software Developers at IBM are the backbone of our strategic initiatives to design, code, test, and provide industry-leading solutions that make the world run today - planes and trains take off on time, bank transactions complete in the blink of an eye and the world remains safe because of the work our software developers do. Whether you are working on projects internally or for a client, software development is critical to the success of IBM and our clients worldwide. At IBM, you will use the latest software development tools, techniques and approaches and work with leading minds in the industry to build solutions you can be proud of.
   

Your Role and Responsibilities
 The backend software developer will work closely with senior architects, development and cross-functional-area specialists:
   
 Deploy Security Solutions in Cloud
 Owning the business commitments for end-to-end software development and operationalizing activities
 Working with architects and development manager to define strategic direction
 Coordinating with architects and interfacing with other teams on requirements for development and operations activities
 Ensuring that development requirements for operations are delivered and tracked
 Support operational design, implementation, and validation of a highly secure, resilient, and performance for cloud software solutions 
Keep current with industry cloud technology trends
 This position may be held remotely within the US.
   
 If you are hired into a Colorado work location, the anticipated compensation range for the position Backend Software Developer ($99,000 - $184,000) is based on a full-time schedule. Your ultimate compensation may vary depending on your job-related skills and experience. For part time roles, the compensation will be adjusted appropriately.
   

Required Technical and Professional Expertise
 To be considered for a Backend Software Developer you must have:
   
 2+ years in development in a Cloud based environment.
 Deep understanding of IT Security Controls, secure architecture and design fundamentals.
 Experience or knowledge of developing, implementing, or operating large-scale IaaS, ultra-highly available and highly secure cloud environments/services. 
Experience or knowledge of developing and implementing core security controls such as inventory management, logging & intrusion detection, vulnerability scanning, secrets management, identity and access management for cloud services and infrastructure assets.
 Experience building new systems and upgrading and patching existing ones.
 Specific Knowledge: Security monitoring and reporting tools, Software Engineering and Automation (GIT, Jenkins, Travis, Jira), Networking (Protocols, Load balancing, troubleshooting), deployment & configuration management (Chef, SaltStack, Ansible), Linux, Containers, Kubernetes. 
Programming experience in at least one of these languages: Python, GO, Java, C++, C 



Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise


 4+ years in Software Engineering, DevOps in a large Cloud based environment.
 Experience with security tools (Tenable Nessus, HashiCorp Vault, IBM QRadar)
 Experience with Compliance Frameworks e.g. NIST 800-53, SOC2, CIS
 Working knowledge of applied cryptography and public key infrastructure 
Excellent interpersonal communications skills and ability to lead development of complex solutions





 About Business Unit
 Digitization is accelerating the ongoing evolution of business, and clouds - public, private, and hybrid - enable companies to extend their existing infrastructure and integrate across systems. IBM Cloud provides the security, control, and visibility that our clients have come to expect. We are working to provide the right tools and environment to combine all of our client’s data, no matter where it resides, to respond to changing market dynamics.
   


    This job requires you to be fully COVID-19 vaccinated prior to your start date, where legally permissible. Proof of vaccination status will be required. If you are unable to be vaccinated due to medical, pregnancy or religious reasons, we offer accommodations in accordance with applicable law.
  



 Your Life @ IBM
 Are you craving to learn more? Prepared to solve some of the world's most unique challenges? And ready to shape the future for millions of people? If so, then it's time to join us, express your individuality, unleash your curiosity and discover new possibilities.
   
 Every IBMer, and potential ones like yourself, has a voice, carves their own path, and uses their expertise to help co-create and add to our story. Together, we have the power to make meaningful change – to alter the fabric of our clients, of society and IBM itself, to create a truly positive impact and make the world work better for everyone.
   
 It's time to define your career.
  



 About IBM
 IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.
   
 Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. 
   
 At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.
  



 Location Statement
 IBM offers a wide range of resources for eligible IBMers to thrive both inside and outside of work. In addition to a competitive benefits program consisting of medical and life insurance, retirement plans, and time off, eligible employees may also have access to: 
   


12 weeks of paid parental bonding leave. Family care options are also available to support eligible employees during COVID-19.
World-class training and educational resources on our personalized, AI-driven learning platform. IBM's learning culture supports your restless attitude to grow your skills and build the depth and scale of knowledge needed to achieve your career goals.
Well-being programs to support mental and physical health.
Financial programs that empower you to plan, save, and manage your money (including expert financial counseling, 401(k), IBM stock discount, etc.).
Select educational reimbursement opportunities.
Diverse and inclusive employee resource groups where you can network and connect with IBMers across the globe.
Giving and volunteer programs to benefit charitable organizations and local communities.
Discounts on retail products, services, and experiences.

 We consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable law.
   
 IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
  



 Being You @ IBM
 IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, pregnancy, disability, age, veteran status, or other characteristics. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
  


We are a Series D company that creates software solutions that combine lean principles, predictive and prescriptive analytics, and machine learning to transform hospital and infusion center operations. More than 125 health systems and ~500 hospitals across 42 states rely on our award-winning products to increase patient access, decrease wait times, and reduce healthcare delivery costs. We have raised more than $250 million from top-tier investors such as Insight Partners and Goldman Sachs. We have been named among the top 100 AI companies in the world.
*_Please note that while this role is listed as available for remote, we are currently employing in the following states: AK, AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, IL, IN, MA, MD, MI, MO, NH, NC, OH, PA, SC, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI. If your state is not listed, we may not be able to proceed with your application. We have offices in Santa Clara, CA and Charlotte, NC for employees who prefer to work regularly or occasionally from an office._*
Our Quality & Release Engineers are part of small, cross-functional product module teams and work very closely with PM and Dev to ensure quality for their modules with automation and manual testing. Given that we’re an enterprise B2B products company, both manual testing and automation testing are essential.
WHAT YOU’LL DO

Understand the product module you’re assigned to and influence its roadmap from a QA standpoint. You’ll play a key role in ensuring high quality features.
Develop and enhance our core automation frameworks - Functionality, Performance, and Data Quality. We use Protractor/Jasmine for front-end automation and Python for backend/data QA automation.
Work with PM and Dev to plan and release sprints; and develop and execute QA plans and test cases for features, enhancements, and bug fixes. Catch bugs before users do.
Analyze bugs, develop root cause analysis, and help engineers understand the problem.
Work with DevOps to integrate QA frameworks into the Jenkins build pipelines and ensure that all QA automation runs smoothly.

WHAT YOU’LL BRING

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent work experience.
2+ years of professional experience working on production web applications as a QA or software engineer. Formal QA experience is a nice to have, but not a must have. Engineers who want to spend a few years in QA and transition to Dev are welcome (and common to this role).
A broad understanding of database driven web services and applications and visualizing how web applications work. Given a feature, the ability to imagine all the happy paths and unhappy paths and find good bugs.
A robust coding experience with either Javascript or Python or both.
A restlessness for automation.
Familiarity with bug tracking systems; JIRA preferred.
Appreciation for documentation and project management.

WHAT YOU’LL GET

Intellectual and emotional satisfaction of solving tough operational problems in healthcare while improving patient access and saving lives!
Competitive compensation package that includes base salary, annual bonus, and RSUs
401(k) Match
Comprehensive healthcare benefits
Generous Paid Time Off and Parental Leave
Monthly reimbursement for Skill Building
Monthly reimbursement for Wellness, Transportation, and/or Home Office
Education Reimbursement for select courses/programs

#LI-Remote
LeanTaaS is an equal opportunity employer committed to promoting an inclusive work environment free of discrimination and harassment. We value diversity, inclusion, and aim to provide a sense of belonging for everyone. All qualified applicants for employment will be considered without regard to race, color, sex, gender identity, gender expression, religion, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, marital status, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws. If you require assistance during the application process, please reach out to accommodations@leantaas.com. LeanTaaS will reasonably accommodate qualified individuals with disabilities to the extent required by applicable law.
Please note: LeanTaaS is not accepting agency resumes at this time, and we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Thank you.
Job Type: Full-time

NIKSUN is the recognized worldwide leader in making the Unknown Known, by using next generation technology that revolutionizes the way networks and services are secured, protected, and managed. The company develops and deploys a complete range of award-winning forensics, compliance, security surveillance and performance management solutions for applications ranging from core infrastructures to edge and branch environments.
Key Responsibilities:

Implementing, debugging and unit testing on new and existing product applications.
Design and develop data-driven architecture using SOA design pattern for NIKSUN products
Follows requirements produced by Product Management and design specifications outlined by senior team members.
Supports product deployment lifecycle and maintenance.
Supports QA phase of the Software Development Life Cycle

Required Qualifications:

7+ years of experience in software design and development utilizing core Java and Web Services
Strong interpersonal and communication skills; Independent problem solving; self-motivated
Experience in developing, deploying, and/or administering Containers/Docker (or similar technologies) based applications and/or services architectures.
Expert knowledge of Spring, Hibernate and JAXB

Desired Qualifications

Working knowledge of SQL and the ability to write SQL queries and procedures
Familiarity with unit testing and integration testing procedures
Experience with Eclipse IDE and/or other integrated development environments.

Educational Requirements:

BS degree or higher in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering required.

Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Java: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote


Eaton’s Vehicle Group is currently seeking a Senior Engineer, Embedded Software Engineering to join our team. This position can be based at our Southfield, MI or Galesburg, MI location.


Position Overview:
The Senior Engineer serves as a technical support team member in embedded Autosar software, BSW/MCAL configuration and RTE generation (as needed). This role will be responsible for contribution to prioritization of tasks of self with input from senior members of the technical leadership team. This role will review embedded software requirements, contribute to the design of software implementation, and produce algorithm solutions, define Validation & Verification strategy; as well as the overall V-cycle process to confirm that system and functional requirements are met. 
The Senior Engineer will be responsible for working with team members and engineering managers to estimate development timing to achieve the desired results. This incumbent will be expected to drive personal growth and mentor with more senior team members as opportunities arise and will work Eaton engineering centers globally. 
The Senior Engineer is involved in a wide variety of projects, conduct feasibility studies ensuring that objectives and program timings are met. The Senior Engineer will provide technical support and interface to system, hardware, and other departments.
Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each and every day. It’s where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potential—and where you can help us reach ours.
 
In this function you will:

Help define embedded software implementation to meet product requirements including functional safety goals, manufacturing integration and customer requirements. Help define and improve embedded standards and processes.
Invent and develop embedded implementations/algorithms. Use debugging tools to efficiently perform design iterations and optimization. Verify solutions created by you or other team members through hardware-in-the-loop simulation and vehicle level testing.
Help in driving implementation consistency contributing to the same embedded system architecture. Champion and document improvements to the engineering standard work processes we use to engineer our products.
Contribute to the embedded software by adding additional product features.
Develop validation and verification test plans at a unit, sub-system and vehicle level to fully validate requirements. Analyze vehicle data from test and customer vehicles to investigate, identify, and resolve issues and performance complaints.

When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we — as individuals and as a company — are stronger.
Qualifications
 Required (Basic) Qualifications:

Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent from a nationally accredited university.
Minimum 2 years relevant experience with embedded system applications or relevant engineering discipline.
Experience in embedded software development (C/C++)
Good communication skills with ability to interface directly with external partners, suppliers, and both internal and external customers



Preferred Qualifications:

Expertise with Controller Area Networks (e.g. SAE-J1939, CANOpen, ethernet)
Expertise with Vector tools such as CANape and CANalyzer.
Project management skills to assess task effort, manage priorities, and report status.
Experience with change management and software release processes in a team environment
Prior experience working with any of the following: bootloaders, hardware abstraction layer, multi-wire diagnostics, file systems, embedded memory management, A2D inputs, interfacing with the MCAL

We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law.
We provide benefits that are industry competitive and focused on employee well-being. Listed below are programs that are offered globally, but program availabilities may vary by site.



Flexible work options to help balance work/life demands (at participating Eaton sites)
Healthcare/retirement savings programs 
Competitive compensation packages to reward skills and performance
Tuition assistance or financial help for ongoing learning and development
Health, Dental, Vision & Wellness programs
Donation matching (U.S., Canada, Puerto Rico)

Eaton considers qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with local laws. To request a disability-related reasonable accommodation to assist you in your job search, application or interview process, please call 412-893-3600 or send an email to: AccommodationsForApplying@Eaton.com
 
What you will get from us
 Eaton’s mission is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services. We provide sustainable solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power – more safely, more efficiently and more reliably. Making what matters work at Eaton takes the passion of every employee around the world. We create an environment where creativity, invention and discovery become reality, each day. It’s where bold, bright professionals like you can reach your full potential—and where you can help us reach ours. Eaton’s 2020 revenues were $17.9 billion, and we sell products to customers in more than 175 countries. We have approximately 85,000 employees.
 We make work exciting, engaging and meaningful for our employees through our dedication to tackling some of the toughest power management challenges on the planet and by never losing sight of what matters. Our culture is built on a strong commitment to practicing our core values and supporting our employees with the tools they need to succeed. We pledge to always foster a diverse and inclusive environment, including inclusion resource groups that bring together employees who share a common purpose, interest or background. In the past year, our company has received top employment recognition by the Human Rights Campaign and almost fifty percent of our Board of Directors represented diverse groups. When we embrace the different ideas, perspectives and backgrounds that make each of us unique, we — as individuals and as a company — are stronger.
 We have demonstrated our passion for sustainability with the recent announcement of cutting carbon emissions from the company’s operations by at least 50 percent by 2030. We are ethical, passionate, accountable, efficient, transparent and committed to learning. We are confident we can deliver on our promise to improve the quality of life and the environment because of the attributes that our employees embody.
 We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job-related reasons regardless of an applicant's race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, marital status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other status protected by law.

 Job: Engineering
 Region: North America – US/Puerto Rico Organization: VEH Vehicle Group
 Job Level: Individual Contributor Schedule: Full-time Is remote work (i.e. working from home or another Eaton facility) allowed for this position?: Yes – Hybrid Does this position offer relocation?: No Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time


Job Title: Software Engineer (Java, C++)Location: Remote (Pasadena, CA)
Job Description: Job Responsibilities: Need Java/C++ Engineers who are strong on the application side with Shell Programming ( or any other scripting Skills)
Knowledge of AWS (this division uses AWS and toolset for Data Management and transfer to the cloud)
1) Folks with Past Public Trust clearance - (They will have to go through the DHS clearance for Public trust as they join),
2) Any other top Secret clearance3) Biometric Systems ( Backend knowledge)
Mandatory Skills: C++/Java and Secret Clearance Just.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $90,000.00 - $160,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

C++/Java: 1 year (Preferred)
Secret Clearance: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 973 833 2308

As Senior Developer, you'll report to our Tech Lead and Director of Technology to nurture passionate engineers to create next-generation software solutions for Threads. Psychological safety is at the very heart of who we are. We work in Agile squads who are open and value continuous improvement and sharing knowledge.
We are integrating our client and internal systems to create a next-generation solution to help us to lead in luxury chat-based commerce. We believe what we're creating will set a new path for chat commerce in the fashion industry, and retail overall.
This role is open to Developers who are looking for their 1st Senior opportunity, or Senior Developers looking for a new challenge! We can discuss this at the phone screen stage.
We are open to flexible working, please ask us at the interview stage.
You Will: 

Contribute to one or several projects at all stages of their life cycle, not just the technical stages
Be involved in problem discovery and product development
Nurture the team through development, mentorship, and bringing in new talent
Design systems and solutions, writing code, automated tests and deployment
Learn new technologies and bring this knowledge to the team
Collaborate with key stakeholders to ensure products are developed on time with high quality, delivering value to customers

You Have: 

Expert knowledge in developing services and API's using Node.js
Core knowledge of Node.js modules and npm packages
Expert knowledge of React development patterns and related tools
A good working knowledge of architectural concepts like event driven development, caching, microservices, CDNs and concurrency.
Experience as a technical leader, guiding technical direction, implementation choices, coding styles and the establishment of best practices

At Threads, we always aim to use the best tool for the job. Today’s stack includes, but isn’t limited to: TypeScript, Node.js, Postgres, Koa, React, React Native, Next.js, GraphQL, Docker, Terraform, and AWS.
Our Benefits and Perks - (many from day one!): 

Healthcare Options
Balance Works- Wellness program/ EAP / Personal Assistant/ Pharmacy Discount
401K
Staff discounts
The Inclusive Threads DE&I Program
18 Days Holiday
Flexible working, “Flex at Threads”
Long service awards
Mentorship & Coaching
12 weeks Leadership programme

About Threads: 
Want to help build the future of luxury fashion commerce? If so, you’ve come to the right place.
Threads is a creative, luxury fashion personal shopping and commerce business. Through social and chat-based media, we inspire our international client base to discover the rarest luxury items. We then search the globe to procure them for our clients; this is the future of retail.
Threads is in Tech City’s Future Fifty programme which recognises some of the UK’s fastest growing businesses, pioneering the best luxury shopping experience in the world!
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
Equity in selection practices
Threads practise equity in selection through targeting less represented talent pools, and offering access to development and support in interviews. We do this because we want to provide less represented groups with access to opportunities, and us, access to great people. All candidate offers are decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. If we have two candidates at the final stage, we choose the best candidate for the job.
We are a Disability Confident Employer, and have committed to the recruitment and continued employment of people with disabilities. We are working towards improved employment practices to ensure those with disabilities receive full and fair consideration for all types of vacancies as well as for training, career development and promotion. Our goal is to be recognised as an employer providing employment opportunities for people with disabilities.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $59,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Referral program

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Are you located or willing to relocate to Boston or New York for this role?
Do you have Ecommerce Product experience?

Experience:

Node.js: 1 year (Required)
React: 1 year (Required)
JavaScript: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Staff Software Engineer - API (Remote - US)


 Do you want to be part of the team enabling software development teams everywhere to do their best work, with the world’s most elegant, secure, reliable, and powerful developer platform?
 The API team plays a crucial role in GitHub’s ecosystem. The GitHub ecosystem is the heart of GitHub and enables developers and communities to grow and thrive on our platform.
 GitHub’s public APIs serve over 3.5 billion API requests per day, and the team’s objective is to ensure that GitHub continues to provide industry-leading APIs at global scale. The team is also focused on ensuring other engineering teams at GitHub have the tools and processes necessary to build on top of our platform with as little friction as possible.
 GitHub is changing the way the world builds software and we want you to help lead this effort. As a Staff Software Engineer, you will work closely with a distributed, diverse, and passionate team of engineers and product managers to improve and maintain the APIs that millions of developers depend on in their software development cycle.
 The API team is a fully remote team. We expect you to have the ability to communicate complex technical concepts, and be able to create working relationships with coworkers in locations around the globe.
 We are looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers - people who care about culture as well as customers and features. We believe that how we do things is as important as what we do. Big vision, a common purpose, passion for quality, curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are what lead to great results. Great platforms reflect the teams that build them.
 Responsibilities:

Lead technical decision making and architecture
Architect and implement highly available distributed systems
Mentor other engineers in their technical and architectural decision making
Document the systems you help architect, build, and maintain
Maintain and improve APIs used internally at GitHub and externally by developers
Write, review, and maintain code primary in Rails and Go
Coordinate with Product, Design, Support, and other Engineering teams to maintain a backlog of priorities
Improve the scalability and performance of our platform

Minimum Qualifications:

10+ years building web applications
4+ years building large, high traffic web applications at scale
Experience with web applications in Ruby
Passionate about fostering good engineering practices and processes
Solid knowledge of testing principles
Experience with relational databases
Experience with API design
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience maintaining a public API over multiple years
Experience building or maintaining planetary scale engineering systems
Experience working with a remote, distributed team
Experience using GraphQL in production environments
Ability to evaluate the trade-offs for building highly available distributed systems

Who We Are:
 GitHub is the developer company. Over 40 million people use GitHub to build amazing things together across 100 million repositories. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.
 Our Principles:

Customer Obsessed
Trust by Default
Ship to Learn
Own the Outcome
Growth Mindset
Global Product, Global Team
Anything is Possible
Practice Kindness

Why You Should Join:
 At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where over half of our Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The other half of our Hubbers work remotely in 18 countries across the globe.
 We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, and we think you will too.
 GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!

Please note that benefits vary by country, if you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Recruiter!


Note that this application is for GitHub Engineering and you may have the opportunity to be considered for multiple teams.

 Ability to meet GitHub, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft, GitHub’s parent company, Cloud Screen upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
 #LI
 (Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $62,000 to maximum $240,500 + bonus + equity + benefits.

Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085 (8-5-20) of the minimum salary compensation for this role when being hired in Colorado.




Who We Are:
 GitHub is the developer company. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, and to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.
 Leadership Principles:
 Customer Obsessed - Trust by Default - Ship to Learn - Own the Outcome - Growth Mindset - Global Product, Global Team - Anything is Possible - Practice Kindness
 Why You Should Join:
 At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where many Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The rest of our Hubbers work remotely around the globe. Check out an updated list of where we can hire here: https://github.com/about/careers/remote
 We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.
 GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!
 Please note that benefits vary by country. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner.
 #LI-POST




We're hiring for Mid Level AWS DevOps Engineers 
If you possess Linux fundamentals with mid-level expertise in AWS, read on to see if you have what it takes?
 ShipHero has a lot of great opportunities.   Hello. We are ShipHero (https://shiphero.com). We have built a software platform entrusted by hundreds of eCommerce companies, large and small to run their operations and we continue to grow. About US$5 billion of eCommerce orders are shipped a year via ShipHero. Our customers sell on Shopify, Amazon, Etsy, eBay, WooCommerce, BigCommerce, and many other platforms. We’re driven to help our customers grow their businesses by providing a platform that solves complex problems, and is engineered to be reliable and fast. We are obsessed with building great technology that is beautiful, easy to use, and is loved by our customers. Our culture also reflects our ethos and belief that by bringing passionate, talented, and great people together - you can do great things.
 Our DevOps team is looking for talented AWS Cloud DevOps Engineers looking to grow with us.
 Suppose you have a couple of years (3+) of AWS expertise in production environments; you know S3, RDS, Cloudwatch Logs, and Terraform combined with solid Linux fundamentals. In that case, we will engage you, challenge you, and help you grow and mature as you take on new responsibilities. 
Do you have what it takes to become a member of our ShipHero team? 
If you reside within AEST Time Zones (Australia), an EU country, Canada, the US, or the Americas and you're curious? 
Apply so we can talk about you becoming a member of our ShipHero DevOps team. 
Our team is fully remote; the company has always been remote. We communicate regularly using video chat and Slack and emphasize asynchronous work, so people have large chunks of uninterrupted time to focus and do deep work.

 We are looking for talented MId-level DevOps Engineers to join our growing team. We are looking for individuals with a recent track record of working with complex infrastructure within AWS (Amazon Web Services). You would be joining as a fundamental member of our team focusing on building a solid foundation for our platforms. We seek excited and driven people to continue growing with the experience of working with talented engineers and helping others improve.


To apply for this role you must reside in either Australia, an EU Country, Canada, the US, or the Americas  About You
 You understand that great things are accomplished when people and teams work together.
 You feel comfortable owning processes and tools for deploying to production and scaling.
 You understand modern web architectures and tiers.
 You have a good understanding of cloud security and are enthusiastic to expand your knowledge in AWS Security Best Practices 
You take pride in your craft.
 You have made (a lot of) mistakes and most importantly have learned from them.
 You have worked on medium and large projects that have gone to production and lived there for a while.
 You are eager to learn, contribute and grow with a supporting team of DevOps professionals. 
Tech Knowledge

 We are looking for 4+ years of experience with:

AWS (Amazon Web Services) –you have a couple of years of AWS expertise in production environments; you know S3, RDS, Cloudwatch Logs, and maybe even Terraform combined with solid Linux fundamentals


Python (preferably 3.6+)


Linux (Amazon Linux 1/2 and Ubuntu 18.04)


Git version control (we use Github)


CI/CD automation (we use GitHub Actions, AWS CodeBuild, and CodePipeline)



Terraform Expertise is required

 Bonus Tech Knowledge (Nice to have but not required)

AWS Elastic Beanstalk


Docker and building images including multi-stage with secrets


Monitoring tools 
Container security | ECS, Docker


Elasticsearch


AWS Organizations and multi-region / multi-account


The Role
 Hands-on configuration, setup & maintaining our staging and production environments.
 Collaborate with engineers on monitoring & debugging solutions.
 Developing, automating, and operating our cloud infrastructure platform 
Respond to incidents, ensuring the restoration of services when required 
Contribute to the team's backlog of activities. 
Be part of on-call support.
 Automate yourself and others out of common tasks.
 Ability to estimate effort and ship on an agreed schedule. Comfortable pushing yourself and your team members when challenges pop up.
 Learn and push those around you to do the same – this is a craft that you’re constantly improving upon.
 Implement solutions that are pragmatic to get the platform built.
 Have the confidence to work with experienced and talented people to build great things; you are not a “rock star” but a team player that takes initiative.
 We want everyone to be self-sufficient and firmly believe how we collaborate & communicate is of significant importance. Here is a glimpse of how we roll: https://shiphero.com/careers/communication-guidelines/

The Perks
 $2.500 so you can buy any equipment you need to be happy at your job
 20 days paid vacation + New Year & Christmas
 Conference days don’t count against your vacation days, we want you to stay up-to-date
 We will pay for courses & conferences; if you learn we all learn



To apply for this position please go to https://careers.bureauveritas.com/ and type 124563 in the Search By Keyword tool. For any questions reach out to 800-733-0660 x6460.
SUMMARY: This person will be responsible for supporting and maintaining software applications and project development.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other job related duties may be assigned in conformance with state and federal regulations.
· Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.
· Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code.
· Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications, standards, and programming.
· Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures.
· Obtains and licenses software by obtaining required information from vendors; recommending purchases; testing and approving products.
· Updates job knowledge by studying state-of-the-art development tools, programming techniques, and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.
· Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing development and service issues.
· Accomplishes engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed.
· Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow, data usage, and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle.
· Ability to proficiently participate in demos of proprietary software for outside clients is required.
· Develop, configure, enhance, and administer a variety of QuickBase applications.
· Provide end-user support by debugging issues, answering questions about system functionality, and responding to enhancement requests.
· Identify and build integrations with other business tools/applications to optimize processes.
· Develop custom pages, reports, and dashboards for end-users and management.
· Protects operations by keeping company information confidential.
· Delivers outstanding customer service through timely response and proactive solutions to clients’ needs.
· Demonstrates our company’s guiding principles in support of the company's strategic goals.
· Follows all documented policies, Standard Operating Procedures, and Work Instructions applicable to the position and support of our company’s quality standards.
· Maintains safe and clean work area by complying with all procedures, rules, and regulations.
· May be required to work overtime.
· Ability to work in a constant state of alertness and safe manner.
· Ability to use and skillfully operate a computer is essential to this position.
· Ability to work from remote location.
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: This job does not have specific supervisory responsibilities.
QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
· Education and/or Experience: 
o B.S. or B.A. in Computer Science, Engineering or related field is preferred. A combination of education and experience that demonstrates the ability to perform the essential duties and responsibilities.
o Software Engineering Skills: Analyzing Information, General Programming Skills, Software Design, Software Debugging, Software Documentation, Software Testing, Problem Solving, Teamwork, Software Development Fundamentals, Software Development Process, and Software Requirements.
· Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: None required.
· Other Qualifications: 
o Must be able to work from a remote location.
o Must be willing to travel for training opportunities.
o Establish and maintain effective working relationships with BV employees.
o Proficient in all Microsoft Office applications with a strong emphasis in MS PowerPoint, Outlook, Word, and Excel.
o Experience with QuickBase platform is required.
o Good verbal and written communications skills; good analytical skills and detail-oriented; ability to perform multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment; strong time management skills and ability to adhere to deadlines while maintaining accuracy; willing to challenge and ask questions; driven to achieve; ability to work independently, as well as in a team environment.
o Ability to use and skillfully operate a computer is essential to this position.
o Strong written and verbal communication skills.
o Excellent time management skills including ability to perform multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment and ability to work independently.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; reach with hands and arms; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, and ability to adjust focus.
WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. EEO/AAE: BV is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. M/F/V/D are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color, religion, linage or national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, gender, marital status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law. All qualified applicants, including individuals with disabilities, “disabled Veterans”, or Veterans with service-connected disabilities, are encouraged to apply. BV values the service Veterans have given to our country and we strongly support the hiring of returning Service Members. BV is a federal contractor and requests priority referrals of protected Veterans. Please understand that this offer does not create a contract of employment for a definite term or a contract of continuing employment. This employer is an at-will employer and either party can terminate the relationship at any time with or without cause and with or without notice. Questions: 800-733-0660.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


  Description:
  
 At Winegard Company, we understand the importance of staying connected. Our goal is to enable independence in our interconnected world that relies on seamless connectivity. We believe that continued technological innovation can promote personal freedom and allow people to live, work, and play when, where, and how they want.
 We are an exceptional team of IoT engineers, technicians, and product managers with a breadth of experience and talent in pursuit of advancing personal freedom in the RV industry and beyond. Ready to join our team?
 As a valued member of the Winegard family, you have the privilege to work from home with some occasional travel to our facilities. As our Embedded Software Engineering Manager, you will be at the forefront of developing the future of tech for Winegard as an industry leader in innovation.
 You will play the crucial role of mentoring, assisting, and leading teams to execute sophisticated requirements and cutting-edge implementation. You will also leverage your technical expertise to diagnose root causes, analyze complex problems, and tailor comprehensive solutions.
 Ideal Candidate Must-Haves:

An analytical mind
A passion for technology
An ability to problem-solve and think critically
A perfectionist outlook with a pragmatic approach
Excellent written and verbal skills
An insatiable desire to always learn and improve

 Responsibilities:

Build, lead & mentor high-performing software development teams
Develop specifications, design requirements, and architecture documents for projects based on product management requirement
Lead the design, development, testing, debugging, and implementation of embedded software and systems
Support the development of new systems and the maintenance of existing systems
Collaborate cross functionally with hardware engineers, integration testers, manufacturing engineers and product support functions
Ensure that project milestones and goals are met while adhering to approved budgets
 . Requirements:
  
 Required Education & Experience:

Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, or related field
5 years’ experience as a software developer
1-3 years management experience
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate with both internal and external stakeholders and senior leadership

 Skills & Proficiencies

Connectivity: Cellular, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Zigbee, LoraWAN
AWS IoT Core: MQTT, CoAP
Operating Systems: FreeRTOS, Embedded Linux, OpenWRT
MCU/MPU: NXP, ST
Software and Firmware source code in C/C++, Embedded C, and other languages
Communication interfaces such as SPI, I2C, USB, UART, Ethernet and others


Title: Full-Stack Software Engineer
About You: You are experienced in providing technical leadership to solve business problems. You have 5-8 years of product development and delivery, with expertise in application programming, big data, threat intelligence data a plus.
Technical Qualifications & Experience: Java, JavaScript a requirement Experience supporting and operationalizing large distributed systems with big data Cloud, Email and Web security experience a huge plus Experience with Agile/Scrum/Kanban development
Come join Cisco’s Talos Research & Intelligence organization focusing on software development and architecture as we create and innovate critical software pieces of our security backend systems by the best and brightest engineers.
Role & Responsibilities: You have strong communication skills to proactively represent the team in meetings, write architectural reference documents, detailed functional and cross-functional requirements, conduct technical discussions with backend team leads, and members, present a high-level product plan to executives, and report project status to managers. You are passionate to provide technical leadership to make everyone around you better. You are passionate about winning over the bad guys. You look at the big-picture and are able to turn ideas into demos, demos into shippable products, and data into efficacy. You are comfortable with early- and late-phase software development, from concept to execution and performance optimization You take hands-on ownership of the backend products from top to bottom: architecture, design, development, documentation, test, deployment, and operations. You have the discernment to know when you need a rocket ship and when you need a bicycle, and the organizational skills to plan and deliver either one. You are team oriented and will enthusiastically unite diverse teams across the globe to tackle complex problems effectively. You can provide mentorship, motivation, and vision to senior engineers.
Who We Are:
Talos Backend Software DevOps organization plays a pivotal role in providing critical security intelligence, data, and tools to both the research teams and Cisco security email, web, enterprise networking, and firewall products to protect our enterprise customers from cyberattacks.
What You’ll Do:
You will support and create software applications in the security backend to both innovate and maintain these mission-critical systems from a technical perspective. Project delivery requires adherence to effective delivery processes, specifically Cisco Agile. You are required to collaborate with a wide-range of cross-functional teams, both within and outside the organization to cover program management, architecture, infrastructure, deployment, and support during all phases of the software application life cycle.
Why Cisco?
At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference. Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.
We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.
We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.
We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco
Cisco requires all U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated or have an approved religious or medical accommodation. Candidates accepting an offer must provide proof of vaccination status on their first day. If someone anticipates requesting an accommodation for this requirement, they must receive approval before the start date. Candidates receiving an offer will receive additional information about the accommodation process at the time of the offer. All offers of employment are contingent upon complying with Cisco’s vaccination policy.
#LI- RemoteMiami & Fully Remote
develop are scaling software engineering teams that shape our world.
Innovative Technology business for PR, Media and Marketing Solutions
Hiring fully remote, building greenfield products for various customers
Looking for Senior and Lead Developers able to manage and mentor
React.js Java Fullstack Software Engineer, React.js Java requirements;
Experience across any of the following; React.js, Java, Microservices, Docker
eCommerce, marketplace, customer facing or multi-user application experience ideal
Able to manage with experience of leading teams and technical decisions
Wanting to work within a scaling team, able to work fully remote
Both back and front end experience needed
Successful referrals will be rewarded - Who can you refer? Please apply to talk through this role and business.
Please contact me directly for additional Software Development related positions.
Will Youle
React.js Java Fullstack Software Engineer, React.js Java - $120 - $180k Benefits / Bonus
Miami & Fully Remote



Headquartered in San Diego, Mulligan Funding serves as a leading provider of working capital ($5K - $2M) to the small and medium-sized businesses that fuel our country. Since 2008, we have prided ourselves on our collaborative, innovative, and customer-focused approach. Enjoying a period of unprecedented growth, driven by the combination of cutting-edge technology, human touch, and unwavering integrity, we are looking to add to our people-first culture, with highly motivated and results-oriented professionals, to push the limits of what's possible while creating value for all of our partners.



 We are looking for a Principal Software Engineer to join our team to provide expertise in helping Mulligan Funding build scalable systems with a services-based architecture. We offer a fast-paced, collaborative, environment to our team members, with opportunities to learn and grow with new technologies.
   



You will:

 Develop conceptual designs and coordinate with engineers on architecture. Build highly scalable systems using a services-based architecture. Collaborate with team members to determine best practices and requirements for software. Provide oversight and approval of all final programs and products before formal launch. Oversee and support the coaching and training of team members to ensure all necessary employees are confident in the use of software applications. Actively seek ways to improve business software processes and interactions. Prepare an easy to understand report for supervisors detailing achieved milestones and short-term project goals. Use a proactive approach to common challenges and by continually researching best practices in software development. Ensure software security by developing programs to actively monitor the sharing of private information. Troubleshoot software applications problems quickly and efficiently to ensure a productive workplace.





You have:

 A minimum of seven (7) years of experience designing and implementing software applications. A demonstrated knowledge of web applications, cybersecurity and open source technologies. Experience developing software utilizing various programming languages. Outstanding collaboration and communication skills are essential. Experience overseeing customized development of multiple software applications simultaneously. Professional experience analyzing code for bugs, design flaws, security weaknesses, and errors, and overseeing plans to improve them. Experience designing secure software systems according to industrial certifications such as SOC I or SOC II. Experience building solutions using Salesforce. Experience deploying applications into Kubernetes. Familiarity with distributed systems and enterprise messaging patterns as well as tools and frameworks for implementing these. Excellent attention to detail and strong interpersonal skills. An ability to prepare and deliver presentations to large groups. Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.





We offer:

 Great Medical, Vision and Dental Benefits. Health Savings Account. Flexible Spending Accounts. Life and disability insurance. Fantastic 401K with matching contribution. Sick, Vacation, and Holidays. Gym membership contribution. Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – mental health support. Online commuter benefits. Internal Referral Program. Fun team and company events. Start-up culture, within an established business with 13 years of experience.





    Mulligan Funding is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and takes great pride in building a diverse work environment. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, disability or veteran status.
   



Job Description: 

Responsible for elicitation, analysis, and documentation of business requirements Research and exploration of user requirements, costs and benefits in support of documentation required for the demand management process.
Responsible for analysing the business needs to identify new processes and process improvements that will meet those needs Analyse detailed system factors including input/output requirements, information and paper flow, hardware and software needs Analyse soft system factors including: roles, responsibilities, policy, culture, etc.
Evaluate the impact of potential software and process changes on the organization Develop and facilitate groups as necessary in pursuit of eliciting and defining requirements Assist in the creation of the business case documentation.
May conduct system demonstrations and training sessions, as well as participate in design/review of training content Plays a third level support role by helping to troubleshoot and resolve issues with production systems Participates in associate meetings and communicates any concerns to management

Technical and Professional Skills: 

Associate is expected to operate at the proficient level across the following areas of technical knowledge and skill:
Ability to organize and prioritize work
Detail oriented, proactive, creative and efficient Intermediate level abilities in Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Visio and Word Financial knowledge (accounts payable, accounts receivable, etc) preferred Knowledge of Oracle preferred.
Ability to effectively work both independently and collaboratively in a team environment.
Ability to work on simultaneous projects, with domain expertise in one business area Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences in written and non-written format Ability to work with all levels of associates
Ability to work with minimal supervision in a very dynamic environment
Ability to learn new systems and tools Knowledge of the software development life cycle methodologies, processes and procedures.
Act independently or as a member of a project team responsible for providing technical guidance concerning the business implications of the application of various systems.
Provides technical consulting on complex projects Active listener Effective in a variety of formal/informal presentation settings: one-on-one, small and large group

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: From $45.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Oracle: 4 years (Preferred)
Procure to Pay: 4 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 8770750390


Design and implement technological solutions. May work remotely; may live anywhere in the US.
 Key Duties:

Design and implement technological solutions using .Net 4.5, C#, ASP.NET, MVP, and SQL Server
Perform REST API design and implementation using .Net Core 3.0
Design and develop UI applications using Angular, TypeScript and JavaScript
Serve as team lead and coordinate code & design reviews and key project deliverables
Perform automatic unit testing with NUnit and T-SQL Test
Design, develop and support existing and next-generation web based SaaS solutions using the latest Microsoft .Net technologies
Design and develop data architecture, data definition and data manipulation structures in SQL Server
Implement all aspects of development, including database, presentation, middle tier and system interfaces
Generate supporting unit tests as well as system test specifications and implementations
Maintain, modify, and improve existing applications
Coordinate with the offshore development team, perform code & design reviews and participate in daily standup meeting.

Required Education, Certifications and Experience:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related degree
8 years of related experience, including the following:
8 years of experience designing and implementing technological solutions using .Net 4.5, C#, ASP.NET, MVP, and SQL Server
3 years of experience performing REST API design and implementation using .Net Core3.0
3 years of experience designing and developing UI applications using Angular, TypeScript and JavaScript
8 years of experience serving as team lead and coordinating code and design reviews and key project deliverables
5 years of experience performing automatic unit testing with NUnit and T-SQL Test

Estimated Salary Range for this position: $137,259 to $150,000
 The base salary range represents the anticipated low and high end of the GHX’s salary range for this position. The base salary is one component of GHX’s total compensation package for employees. Other rewards and benefits include: health, vision, and dental insurance, accident and life insurance, 401k matching, paid-time off, and education reimbursement, to name a few. To view more details of our benefits, visit us here: https://www.ghx.com/about/careers/
 GHX: It's the way you do business in healthcare
 Global Healthcare Exchange (GHX) enables better patient care and billions in savings for the healthcare community by maximizing automation, efficiency and accuracy of business processes.
 GHX is a healthcare business and data automation company, empowering healthcare organizations to enable better patient care and maximize industry savings using our world class cloud-based supply chain technology exchange platform, solutions, analytics and services. We bring together healthcare providers and manufacturers and distributors in North America and Europe - who rely on smart, secure healthcare-focused technology and comprehensive data to automate their business processes and make more informed decisions.
 It is our passion and vision for a more operationally efficient healthcare supply chain, helping organizations reduce - not shift - the cost of doing business, paving the way to delivering patient care more effectively. Together we take more than a billion dollars out of the cost of delivering healthcare every year. GHX is privately owned, operates in the United States, Canada and Europe, and employs more than 800 people worldwide. Our corporate headquarters is in Louisville, Colorado, just outside of Denver, with additional offices in Europe, Atlanta, Georgia, Chicago, Illinois, and Omaha, Nebraska.
 Disclaimer
 Global Healthcare Exchange, LLC and its North American subsidiaries (collectively, “GHX”) provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any status protected by applicable law. This EEO policy applies to all terms, conditions, and privileges of employment, including hiring, training and development, promotion, transfer, compensation, benefits, educational assistance, termination, layoffs, social and recreational programs, and retirement.
 GHX believes that employees should be provided with a working environment which enables each employee to be productive and to work to the best of his or her ability. We do not condone or tolerate an atmosphere of intimidation or harassment based on race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, genetic information, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law. GHX expects and requires the cooperation of all employees in maintaining a discrimination and harassment-free atmosphere. Improper interference with the ability of GHX’s employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.



Talentooze’s mission is to provide professionals with rewarding career opportunities. We aim to set you up to unleash your potential and ultimately bring about steady and opportune development in your career.
We are working with one of our most amazing clients who's the leading insurance provider in the US with over 100-years of history of operations and helping millions of customers by providing protections and peace of mind. You will be part of the journey that will impact millions of lives.
An ideal candidate must be familiar with the entire software development life cycle (SDLC) from preliminary system analysis to testing and deployment. Must be knowledgeable of the MuleSoft Integration Platform and its surrounding eco-system. Proven experience and leadership with the MuleSoft API-led architecture is a key component of the ideal candidate’s skillset. This position will be part of an Agile team of dedicated developers and analysts who look to the future, always striving to leave an application or process better than they found it.
The Role - What you'll do: 

Demonstrates a thorough, detailed working knowledge of relevant technologies. Responsible for designing and implementing how technology will be leveraged in current or new systems.
Strong track record of working with business customers to understand their needs and design solutions and processes to capitalize on business opportunities.
Requires wisdom to discern how and when to employ low-code engineering platforms in lieu of custom code.
Requires sufficient programming skill to solve very complex technical problems. Must produce well-designed and efficient code with appropriate unit test coverage.
Must be self- motivated, able to work independently and as a member of a team. The Candidate must take personal responsibility for work they have committed to as well as ongoing professional development and growth.
Requires oral and written communication skills to facilitate clear communication with management and peers.
Should be able to produce clear diagrams of developed solutions. Provides thorough and complete documentation for all programming changes and enhancements.
Provides leadership as a model of how others should interact and accomplish tasks.
Provides appropriate feedback to peers, support teams, and management. Willingly shares and assists in the development skills of others.

Sounds exciting? Yes!! Okay, so, if you are still interested, let me tell you what you need to qualify for this role.
Basic Qualifications: 

Minimum of 4 years of experience in the MuleSoft Platform required.
SQL Server 2012+ experience required
Proven experience building services in MuleSoft and knowledge of the MuleSoft API-led approach required
Experience with unit testing ideals and frameworks required
Experience building/working with enterprise level tools and applications required
Experience in a Service Oriented/Microservices environment required
MuleSoft Run Time Fabric Experience required.
Microsoft C# and .Net experience a plus
MuleSoft Training Certifications a plus

Preferred Qualifications: 

Distributed and Asynchronous Design and Development experience preferred
o CQRS and Message Queuing/AMQP knowledge preferred – (AnyPoint MQ, Rabbit MQ, Azure Service Bus)
Agile/Scrum experience preferred
Experience with Continuous Integration and Delivery preferred
Azure Cloud experience preferred

Ready to know the benefits that come with this opportunity? Let me tell you that!
Benefits from our Client: 

Health/dental/vision insurance
Mental health benefits and an employee assistance program
Contributions to healthcare accounts, a pension plan, and a 401(k) plan with Company matching
Paid time away benefits (e.g., paid time off, paid parental leave, short-term disability, and a cultural observance day).
Work from home

If this is your background, and you’re open to having a conversation about your background, skills, and career goals with a team of recruiters who genuinely care about you and your career path - submit your resume and let’s talk.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g. H-1B visa status)?

Work Location: Remote


  Description: 
   ACGI is searching for a highly motivated Software Engineer to join our team. If you are looking for an opportunity to serve those who work to serve others, this is a great opportunity for you. This position is fully Remote.
 Position Summary:

 Self-motivated Software Engineer for remote position.
 This individual must provide engineering services to new association and credentialing management software users working with an Implementation Team consisting of Project Managers, Business Analysts and Software Engineers. Candidate will also work with Software Engineers and employees in other business areas especially on the Product Development Team.
 Candidate must be a creative, focused, technically curious individual who enjoys working hands-on with code in a fast-paced culture. The position is critical to business success and user satisfaction, serving as a critical part of our software installation efforts. This opportunity requires a strategic thinker and problem solver, with a strong passion for consistency, collaboration, reliability and user centered implementation services.

 Primary Responsibilities:

 Translate business requirements and user experience designs into working solutions
 As part of the team, own backend development and architectural design with our Oracle APEX stack
 Work closely with UX and UI team members to deliver fully responsive and accessible solutions
 Perform unit tests and quality check all development for efficient execution, stability, consistency, and adherence to technical requirements and UI/UX standards
 Attend standups, refinement sessions, estimation meetings and discovery meetings as the subject matter expert
 Own the preparation of requirements and end user documentation
 Contribute to cross team efforts and interact with customers when required to identify solutions
 Work with the ACGI internal team to deliver solutions that meet client’s needs within schedule and budget
 Provide troubleshooting assistance and technical support when required
 Manage day-to-day activities to achieve client goals and internal business objectives
 Other departmental tasks, as assigned
 . Requirements: 
   Primary Qualifications:
 Required:

 5+ years of experience as a Software Engineer
 Experience with PL/SQL and Oracle APEX desired, or similar coding languages
 Writing and optimizing SQL queries
 Understanding of database design, API’s, REST protocols and JSON
 Experience with version control systems and release management
 Hard-working, proactive and self-motivated
 Keen attention to detail and deep passion for consistency
 Creative problem solver with a positive attitude
 Collaborative team player with an openness to new ideas
 Ability to manage multiple projects and day-to-day responsibilities with little oversight

 Preferred:

 JavaScript, HTML and CSS experience
 Experience with the latest Oracle APEX versions
 Dashboards and data visualizations (a plus if experienced in D3)
 Behavioral data analysis tools (a plus if experienced with Pendo)
 Agile and communication tools such as Jira, Confluence and Slack
 Understanding of Material Design standards, responsive application development, and accessibility guidelines

 Success factors/job competencies:

 Action Oriented & Drive for Results: Enjoys working hard; is action oriented and full of energy for the things seen as challenging; not fearful of action with minimum of planning; seizes opportunity to drive business objectives forward. Can be counted on to meet or exceed goals successfully; is consistent in performance and strives to be a top performer; very bottom line oriented; steadfastly pushes self and other for results. Uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems with effective solutions; probes all fruitful sources for answers; can see hidden problems; is excellent at honest analysis; looks beyond the obvious and doesn’t stop at the first answers.
 Critical Thinking & Continuous Development: Can effectively cope with change; can shift gears comfortably; ability to synthesize objectives across the organization and take appropriate action without having the total picture; isn’t upset when things are up in the air; can comfortably handle risk and uncertainty. Learns quickly when facing new problems; a relentless and versatile learner; open to change; analyzes both successes and failures for clues to improvement; experiments and will try anything to find solutions; enjoys the challenge of unfamiliar tasks; quickly grasps the essence and the underlying structure of anything. Deals with concepts and complexity comfortably; capable, and agile. Applies new learnings to enhance productivity and quality of the work without prompting. Seeks and applies efficiencies in day-to-day work, constantly improving and streamlining processes to achieve company objectives.
 Communication & Relationship Building: Has the ability to perceive reactions via non-verbal signals of others, reason with others to promote thinking and cognitive activity, understand drivers of decisions by interpreting the cause of other’s reactions and what it may mean, and manage relationships by working collaboratively to reach the best outcome for the company. Is dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; gets first-hand customer information and uses it for improvements in products and services; acts with customers in mind; establishes and maintains effective relationships with customers and gains their trust and respect. Actively and consistently seeks to work cooperatively with others, inside and outside the organization, to accomplish objectives to build and maintain mutually beneficial partnerships, leverage information, and achieve results. Serves as a collaboration catalyst that motivates others to want to collaborate as well.

 Benefit Information:
 Fullsteam and its Family of Companies offers a competitive wage as well as major medical, dental, vision, 401k with match, paid holidays and personal time off, employer paid short term disability and a life and accidental death and dismemberment policy. Other employee paid supplemental insurances offered.
 Physical demands and work environment (REMOTE):
 Physical demands: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; balance; stoop; talk or hear. Employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 15 pounds.
 This position is 100% remote. The candidate would need to have a suitable work environment set up as their home office and be comfortable managing their own schedule in a non-corporate office environment.
 EEOC & ADA Statement:
 Fullsteam and its family of companies provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.
 Fullsteam and its family of companies complies with federal and state disability laws and makes reasonable accommodations for applicants and employees with disabilities. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact Fullsteam Human Resources.
 This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
 Final candidate must be able to pass a background check.


About UsAt Close, we're building the sales communication platform of the future. With our roots as the very first sales CRM to include built-in calling, we're leading the industry toward eliminating manual processes and helping companies to close more deals (faster). Since our founding in 2013, we've grown to become a profitable, 100% globally distributed team of ~55 high-performing, happy people that are dedicated to building a product our customers love.
Our app’s frontend is a single-page JavaScript web app mostly written in React (originally built with Backbone.js). We bundle with Webpack and target only modern browsers. We test with Jest and React Testing Library. Our UI updates in near real-time and is written in LESS/CSS (with flexbox and grid layout) using CSS modules and takes advantage of fun technologies like Websockets and WebRTC.
We care about performance (e.g. route-based code splitting), maintainability, and testability of our frontend code. We sweat the UI/UX details and work collaboratively with the Product team throughout the design process. This means diving into lo-fi wireframes, and communicating continuously when those ideas are brought to life using Figma and code.
Our frontend app is built on top of our REST API & GraphQL endpoints. Our backend tech stack consists of Python/Flask, MongoDB, Postgres, Elasticsearch, and Redis. We run our services in Docker on AWS.
We ❤️ open sourcing our code and ideas on our GitHub and on The Making of Close, our behind-the-scenes Product & Engineering blog. Check our projects such as react-custom-scroller, use-infinite-scroll, use-abortable-effect, and smart-tooltip-delay or insights from our day-to-day work on such as Highlights From a Complex Downshift.js Refactor, A Case Study in"Reactizing" a Complex Backbone View, and Finding the cause of a memory leak in Jest tests.
*About You*We're looking for an experienced full-time Frontend Engineering Manager to join our engineering team. You should be an empathetic leader, have spent part of your career as a senior-level engineer, and want to help build & grow a team of high-performing engineers.
You should have senior-level (4 years+) experience building modern frontend applications, preferably using React or similar framework.
You should have significant experience (2 years+) leading and growing a team of engineers. You enjoy helping engineers thrive and grow in their roles. You should have a very good idea of how to run 1:1s with your direct reports and how to form strong relationships. You should be comfortable with giving continuous feedback and doing performance reviews. You are expected to grow the team as-needed and help lead a hiring process.
You have a track record of managing engineering teams that delivered great products and features. You should be very comfortable working with the Product and Design teams to formulate product ideas, skilled at writing & reviewing technical specifications, and planning work for your team. You can take on non-critical path technical work if time allows.
You’re comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with a medium-sized talented team where you're supported in your efforts to grow professionally. You are able to manage your time well, communicate effectively, and collaborate in a fully distributed team.
You are located in an American time zone.
Bonus points if you have...

Experience practicing the Shape Up product development methodology
Experience scaling a small engineering team into a few teams
Experience building JS-based mobile apps
Built B2B SaaS products
Experience with sales or sales tools

About the Role

Manage and grow a team of 4-8 high-performing engineers, support them through 1:1s and continuous feedback, and support their career growth.
A mix of team leadership, people management, product ideation, project coordination, and maximum 10% of your time spent on non-critical path IC work.
Work with a team of mostly-senior engineers, product managers, and designers to deliver great features.
Manage and optimize development processes as the team grows.
Participate in creating a long-term frontend strategy.

Why work with us?

Culture video
100% remote company (we believe in trust and autonomy)
Choose between working 5 days/wk (standard full-time) or 4 days/wk @ 80% pay
Annual team retreats ✈️
Quarterly virtual summits
5 weeks PTO + Winter Holiday Break
2 additional PTO days every year with the company
1 month paid sabbatical every 5 years
Co-working stipend
Revenue Share (after 1 year)
Paid parental leave
Medical, Dental, Vision with HSA option (US residents)
401k matching at 6% (US residents)
Dependent care FSA (US residents)
Contributor to Stripe's climate initiative ❤️
Our story and team

At Close, everyone has a voice. We encourage transparency and practice a mature approach to the work-place. In general, we don’t have strict policies, we have guidelines. Work/life harmony is an important part of our business - we believe you bring your best to work when you practice self-care (whatever that looks like for you).
We come from 16 countries located in 5 of the 7 continents - looking at you Antarctica and Australia ;-) ….. We’re a collection of talented humans rich in diverse backgrounds, lifestyles, and cultures. Every year we meet up somewhere around the world to spend time with one another. These gatherings are an opportunity to strengthen the social fiber of our global community.
Our team is growing in more ways than one - we’ve recently launched 17 babies (and counting!). Unanimously, our favorite and most impactful value is “Build a house you want to live in.” We strive to make decisions that are authentic for our people and help our customers become more successful.
_Our application process was designed to promote equitable and unbiased hiring practices. We ask a small series of questions that are similar to what would be asked in the first interview. This helps us learn more about you right from the start so please be sure to answer each question thoughtfully. Each application will receive two screens by two different reviewers. Regardless of fit, you will hear back from us letting you know if we'll be moving forward._
_Interested in _Close_ but don't think this role is the best fit for you? View our _other positions.
Job Type: Full-time



1+ years of experience contributing to the system design or architecture (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience
 Programming experience with at least one software programming language.



Job summary Do you want to define the future of Internet commerce? Are you a top-notch software engineer with a creative flare, strong problem-solving skills, the drive to build and ship products often, a solid computer science foundation, and the desire to build Amazon's next generation Internet-facing technology? Come talk to us about joining our team to expand Internet commerce, where you will build cutting-edge applications and services in a highly-distributed environment used by millions of sellers. You will innovate to provide new functionality for sellers, deploy new web standards, or expand Amazon’s products and services with the goal of making it as easy for anyone to sell on Amazon as it is to buy from Amazon.  Are you ready to create systems to expand one of the world’s largest e-commerce engines? If so, come be a member of Amazon’s Selling Partner Service Technologies team. Our software engineers design and build world-class software solutions for millions of sellers from around the globe to sell on Amazon.com. Your work will be powering the Amazon online selling and many other innovative services in many countries and continents.  Are you excited to work at the scale of the biggest Internet companies? You have the opportunity to help create solutions that will scale to accommodate rapid processing and integration with large enterprise customers. However, to make it even more interesting, the solutions must also support intuitive world class UI for your neighbor to sell extra books, video games, photography equipment, and the largest selection of possible products that can be found anywhere.  Bought something on Amazon lately? Selling on Amazon is one of the fastest growing businesses at Amazon.com with more than half of all items currently sold originating from marketplace sellers. Have you ever noticed the “See more buying choices” or “New & Used offers” while you’re shopping on Amazon? Maybe you’ve sold an old textbook or extra movie yourself. The Merchant Technologies team owns services that enable that functionality and more.  Amazon is a premier place to build, deploy and operate Internet-scale services. Join our development team to work hard, have fun and make history. You will join a highly technical and entrepreneurial culture defining and building a selling experience to complement Amazon’s world-class websites.  Key job responsibilities Participate in the design, development, implementation, testing and documentation of large-scale, multi-tiered, distributed software applications, tools, systems and services using [Java, Object Oriented Design and Distributed Programming].  Translate functional requirements into robust, scalable, supportable solutions that work well within the overall system architecture.  Participate in the full development cycle, end-to-end, from design, implementation, and testing to documentation, delivery and maintenance.  Produce comprehensive, usable software documentation. Evaluate the use of new or existing software products and tools. Mentor junior development engineers.



Master's degree in Computer Science, Software/Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field.
 Innovative and creative with Web technologies to build high performing websites and web services.
 Expert knowledge of Java.
 AWS Technologies such: DynamoDB, Kinesis, Elastic Search, Lambda, S3, SQS, SNS
 Familiarity with Spring MVC, Angular js, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, SOAP, SQL, AWS, caching, web protocols, and web services technologies.
 Experience developing software in a Unix/Linux environment

 By submitting your application here, you can apply once to be considered for multiple Software Engineer openings across various Amazon teams. If you are successful in passing through the initial application review and assessment, you will be asked to submit your career and personal preferences so that our dedicated recruiters can match you to the right role based on these preferences.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 



   Updox, an EverCommerce company, is seeking a Software Engineer to join our team. We believe that high quality, innovative software is built in a collaborative workshop environment, rather than by workers on an assembly line. Our team values passion and dedication over drudgery and busywork. We believe in sharing and valuing everyone's thoughts and ideas, and empowering our engineers to go beyond just developing to yes or no criteria and think about the problem more holistically.
  


    You
  

    You have a passion for breaking new ground every day, while delivering cutting edge software solutions, and a drive to continuously improve one's craft while striving for perfection each and every day. You're excited by continuously learning new languages and technologies, and you're looking for a chance to learn and leverage Agile practices, work on various layers of the architecture stack, build awesome web and mobile apps, and learn to love the safety of a well written automated test.
  


    Us
  

    Updox, an EverCommerce company, provides next-generation virtual care, patient engagement, and office productivity solutions that enable practices to reduce costs and drive revenue. Based on increasing demand for solutions that seamlessly work together to improve practice efficiency and provide an engaging patient experience, Updox has continuously brought new functionality to market. We are committed to cultivating an environment that is diverse and inclusive—with equal opportunities for everyone. From employee recruitment to personal development, we are building a team that encourages all who step into our office to be their authentic selves.
  


    EverCommerce [Nasdaq: EVCM] is a leading service commerce platform, providing vertically-tailored, integrated SaaS solutions that help more than 600,000 global service-based businesses accelerate growth, streamline operations, and increase retention. Our modern digital and mobile applications create predictable, informed, and convenient experiences between customers and their service professionals. Specializing in Home & Field Services, Health Services, and Fitness & Wellness industries, EverCommerce solutions include end-to-end business management software, embedded payment acceptance, marketing technology, and customer engagement applications.
  


    Where
  

    Updox headquarters are in Dublin, Ohio. The EverCommerce team is distributed across North America, with more than 40 office locations in the U.S. and Canada. With a widely distributed team, we are used to working remotely across different time zones. This role can be based anywhere in the United States; if you're near one of our offices and want to work in-office, we can set that up, or this role can be 100% remote. You must be eligible to work in the United States in order to qualify for this role.
  


    Key Responsibilities
  

    A Software Engineer is responsible for participating in many aspects of the Updox software development lifecycle for both new application development and existing system maintenance, including:
  



      Requirements Estimation
    


      Software Development
    


      Test Coverage Standards
    


      Code Reviewing your peers
    


      Software Deployment
    


      Software Demonstrations
    


      Daily Stand Ups
    


      Retrospectives
    



    Skills and Experience
  



      Strong written and verbal communications skills
    


      Source Control experience (Git Preferred)
    


      5+ years of backend or service experience (Java or C#)
    


      3+ years of web framework experience (Vue.js, React, Angularjs)
    


      1+ years of experience with message brokering solutions (RabbitMQ, Kafka)
    


      Working knowledge of SQL and Object to Relational Mapping frameworks
    


      Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Computer Science (or equivalent experience)
    



    Nice to Haves:
  



      Experience Mentoring
    


      Experience developing for and testing across multiple browsers and devices within mobile and desktop environments
    


      Experience with MySQL
    


      3+ years of experience with automated unit and integration testing solutions
    


      3+ years of experience with Build automation tools (Maven, ant, etc)
    










           EverCommerce is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We look forward to reviewing your credentials and getting to know more about your experience!
         









 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.
About Protocol Labs

Protocol Labs drives breakthroughs in computing to push humanity forward. Protocol Labs is a product-development lab, but behind the protocols and tools we build, behind the research and implementations, are passionate people, teammates, and community members. Most teams in the Protocol Labs Network are fully distributed and work remotely around the world. Engineers, researchers, and operators work in the open to improve the internet — humanity's most important technology — as we explore new advances at the intersection of many exciting fields (crypto, networks, distributed systems) and cultures (startups, research, open-source, distributed work).
Stewards IPLD sets direction/standards for projects, protocols, and architecture. Cultivate a vibrant contributing community around IPLD

As Engineering Manager at Protocol Labs, you will...

Magnify the impact of multiple teams of software engineers and open source contributors in their implementation of complex, distributed systems and protocols.
Grow engineers’ skills, experience and confidence through regular 1:1s, coaching, actionable feedback, work and peer alignment, and career advocacy.
Lead, improve, and document processes for technical prioritization, planning, design, implementation and releases in harmony with and expanding open source community participation.
Communicate regularly with stakeholders and adjacent teams to build a shared understanding and accommodation of competing priorities.
Empower engineers to solve problems, fostering a balance of velocity and rigor through scalable, asynchronous decision-making practices.
Maintain and strengthen a team and community culture of growth, openness, trust, rigor, humility, mutual support, and psychological safety.
Advocate for and enhance PL’s asynchronous, autonomous, and distributed working culture.
Lead the process of recruiting great engineers for your project, in collaboration with PL’s recruiting team.
Support and guide other people-managers at Protocol Labs as a member of PL’s young engineering management discipline.
You may be a fit for this role if you have...
Demonstrable success as an engineering lead/manager fostering highly-functional, healthy, inclusive and collaborative teams.
Technical credibility through lengthy software engineering experience with back-end and distributed systems and infrastructure.
A strong desire for and history of contributions to open source projects and communities.
Experience working with and/or managing geographically distributed teams.
Actively coached, mentored and grown team members in their careers.
Ability to thrive with a high level of self-direction, autonomy and responsibility.
A track record of recruiting and retaining great people to your teams.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
An excitement for collaborating with people across Protocol Labs towards our shared mission.
Bonus Points
You have experience with or deep knowledge of cryptography, globally distributed systems, blockchain or other related domains.
Demonstrable open source community curation and leadership experience.

#LI-MT1
What’s it like to work at Protocol Labs?

Protocol Labs' mission is to improve humanity’s most important technology, the Internet. We build protocols, systems, and tools to improve how it works. Today, we are focused on how we store, locate, and move information. Our projects include IPFS, Filecoin, libp2p, and more.

As a distributed team, we hire anywhere in the world, and at various levels of experience (entry, senior, staff). We look for people with unique perspectives and diverse backgrounds.

We have a great benefits package, including parental leave, contributions to your retirement, competitive pay, and unlimited time off. For U.S.-based employees, we also provide platinum-level health, dental, and vision coverage for you and your family.

If you’re passionate about the future of computing and a more democratized internet, we want to talk to you.


GDPR for Job Applicants and Candidates

When you apply to a job on this site, the personal data contained in your application will be collected by Protocol Labs, Inc. (“Protocol Labs”), which is located at 427 N Tatnall St #51207, Wilmington, Delaware 19801 and can be contacted by emailing legalrequests[at]protocol.ai. Protocol Labs’ data protection team can be contacted via legalrequests[at]protocol.ai. Your personal data will be processed for the purposes of managing Protocol Labs’ recruitment related activities, which include setting up and conducting interviews and tests for applicants, evaluating and assessing the results thereto, and as is otherwise needed in the recruitment and hiring processes. Such processing is legally permissible under Art. 6(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation) as necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Protocol Labs, which are the solicitation, evaluation, and selection of applicants for employment.

Your personal data will be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc., a cloud services provider located in the United States of America and engaged by Protocol Labs to help manage its recruitment and hiring process on Protocol Labs’ behalf. Accordingly, if you are located outside of the United States, your personal data will be transferred to the United States once you submit it through this site. Because the European Union Commission has determined that United States data privacy laws do not ensure an adequate level of protection for personal data collected from EU data subjects, the transfer will be subject to appropriate additional safeguards.

Your personal data will be retained by Protocol Labs as long as Protocol Labs determines it is necessary to evaluate your application for employment or to assist in the hiring process. Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted. You also have the right to data portability. In addition, you may lodge a complaint with an EU supervisory authority.

JOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position - No agencies (See notes below)
 LOCATION: Remote (TimeZone: BST, CST, EST)
 HOURLY RANGE: Our client is looking to pay $100 - $150 USD / HR
 ESTIMATED DURATION: 20/40Hrs/Week - Long-term, ongoing project
 ABOUT US:
 Braintrust (usebraintrust.com) is a user-controlled talent network, where you keep 100% of what you earn and get a say in how the network is run with the BTRST token. We've onboarded some of the world's most reputable brands and now we need a iOS Engineer for one of our clients.

 ABOUT OUR CLIENT:

 We deeply believe the most meaningful experiences and relationships happen in the real world.
 The so-called 'social' apps on our phones, however, have failed us.
 This is why we are creating Bubbl — a new kind of social app — a new medium, for creating informal, spontaneous offline shared experiences.
 Our team is obsessed with creating beautiful products that add a lot of value to the world. And there is nothing more valuable in this life than the experiences we live and relationships we cultivate.

 Job Description
 We put iOS at the center of our product experience, so you’ll be working on the most important user-facing part of our product.

 You'll also have outsized impact on the engineering culture at Bubbl. We believe early hires are critical to setting the tone and values of the team.

 You will work next to the founders, engineers, and designers to build high quality features for our users.

 We’re looking for a passionate self-starter who wants to do the work of their live and change the way millions of people connect and relate in the real world.

 Responsibilities

 Build, ship, and own new features in the Bubbl iOS app.
Own technical design and development of new mobile app features.
Collaborate with other engineers, designers, and team members.
Navigate the complexities of building with new and evolving technologies in the consumer space.
Move fast and challenge assumptions Bring good vibes only Create magic ✨

 Requirements

 Strong computer science fundamentals, including algorithms, data structures, and complexity analysis
Fluency with Swift and experience with Swift best practices (e.g. protocol-oriented programming, leveraging the Swift type system)
Experience integrating iOS apps with backend APIs
3+ years of UIKit Front End Experience and some familiarity with SwiftUI
Experience working in agile development teams
Bonus: experience leading or building engineering teams

 About You

 You crave for creative freedom, a space to do your life’s work 
You love working with talented teams, you can lead 
You are ambitious and passionate about creating a better world 

ABOUT THE HIRING PROCESS:
 Qualified candidates will be invited to do a screening interview with the Braintrust staff. We will answer your questions about the project, and our platform. If we determine it is the right fit for both parties, we'll invite you to join the platform and create a profile to apply directly for this project.
 C2C Candidates: This role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. But if you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around your consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.
 Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status.

 This is a remote position.
 


About Buildout
 In 2010 Buildout pioneered commercial real estate (CRE) marketing automation. Today, with over 35,000 brokers and with 12 of the top 20 brokerages counted as customers, Buildout continues to be the leader in CRE marketing automation in addition to recently launching valuable, integrated back-office workflow and customer relationship management (CRM) solutions. Developed in close collaboration with our customers, Buildout allows brokerages to bring their expertise to every stage of their deals all from within one platform. Our vision is that CRE dealmaking will be tech-powered, but human-led. Ask us about our company meetings for an example, and learn more about who we are, what we do, and why we're changing the face of CRE tech on our website: https://buildout.com/.
 The Opportunity
 Headquartered in Chicago with employees distributed across the country, we're a fast-growing tech company that achieves our vision through our commitment to our Team, our Customers, our Product, and the continuous pursuit of Quality. It is our intention to create exceptional, easy to use, high quality products that lead the Commercial Real Estate industry into the future and delight our customers.
 To achieve these intentions, our software teams work closely with their product team members to build and improve our industry-leading commercial real estate CRM products. We are looking for someone to:

Create the next generation of CRM software within Commercial Real Estate
Build and maintain elegant and easy-to-use integrations between our marketing platform and existing CRM options (Rethink, Apto, Lite CRM)

How You'll Contribute at Buildout

Consistently and quickly build and launch excellent software by:
Understanding our customers and their needs Engineering elegant and practical solutions Iterating on and polishing your work to meet the standards for Buildout Quality 
Help your team lead break large projects and requirements into smaller components and estimate that work so everyone can easily work on them. Long, costly and wasteful IPMs are not encouraged here.
Work with your team's Product Manager and UX Designer to ensure everyone is on the same page and the user experience is consistently great
Coach and mentor your more junior team mates by performing thorough and timely code reviews, pairing on difficult issues to share knowledge and drive accountability, and delivery excellent software on a timely basis to lead by example
Set and achieve Buildout sponsored personal and professional goals with your team lead and the VP of Engineering

What You'll Bring to Buildout

2+ years of product software development experience within a SaaS company, or the ability to demonstrate you've learned enough in less time to still be a great engineer and valuable team member
Solid cross-team and cross-functional communication skills
A love of software engineering, design, documentation, testing, and automation
Pluses, but not required:
Commercial Real Estate experience Cool personal projects you'd like to share and chat about 

What are the technical skills that you'll need to succeed?
 We are looking for a full-stack engineer. However, "full-stack" can mean a lot these days, so here is what we're looking for specifically:
 Ruby/Rails: We're a Ruby shop here at Buildout, so a deep knowledge of Rails is going to help you get up and running quickly. Our app uses all of the standard Rails goodness you know and love, as well as a lot of additional tools for design, business logic, and background jobs. If you like to learn new skills, you're going to fit in really well.
 Javascript: Our front-end relies heavily on Javascript. We currently have a mix of core features written using vanilla ES5 and React, but are focusing on ES6 and React for all future front-end work. We are looking for people with a strong working Javascript base who want to keep finding and working with the best new tools.
 Testing: Is testing a natural part of your process? If so, you'll be appreciated here. We are actively building out our test suite and providing ample team resources to make sure that everything we create is tested and rock-solid. Our test suite uses RSpec for most of our Rails work.
 Other Web Tech: We use git for source control, Slim for our view templates, lightly customized Bootstrap for our CSS, MySQL and AWS. If you're really passionate about some new technology, we'd love to hear about it.

 We know there are great candidates who won't check all of these boxes, and we also know you might bring important skills that we haven't considered. If that's you, don't hesitate to apply and tell us about yourself.
 We are based in Chicago, but this is a remote-friendly role open across most of the US.  The salary range for this position is $96,000 to $131,000.


 Perks & Benefits
 We built a benefits program to match the quality of our team. This program includes:

Impactful insurance and benefit options, including covering 100% of employee health insurance premiums, FSA plan, STD, LTD, life insurance, and telemedicine
Policies that support a healthy work/life balance, including generous PTO, paid parental leave, and give back days
401(k) with 4% company match and immediate vesting
An office in Chicago for those who prefer an office setting, plus a monthly remote work reimbursement
Challenging problems to solve with a committed and supportive team who are invested in your growth and development
A wonderfully quirky culture where you're encouraged to bring your whole self to work



 Buildout is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, marital status, order of protection status, citizenship status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.
 If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please contact us by email at accommodations@buildout.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information and we will consider your request.
 Below, you will be asked to complete identity information for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). It is required by law that we ask these questions using the format provided by the EEOC. However, we want you to know that at Buildout, we understand that gender is not binary and welcome people of all identities.
 For more information about our privacy practices please visit our Privacy Policy. California residents have additional rights and should review the Additional Disclosures for California Residents section in our Privacy Policy.


Job Title:
Senior Software Engineer - (Open to Remote)
Requisition ID:
R014966
Job Description:
Toys for Bob, a collaborative team of stellar individuals that have inspired love, joy, and laughter through epic AAA entertainment for more than 30 years, is open to remote work! Our passion for developing award-winning games with diverse genres includes the Crash Bandicoot®, Call of Duty®, Overwatch®, Spyro®, Skylanders®, and Tony Hawk® franchises. We are constantly evolving and support our growing employees to be as innovative as they can be. Toys for Bob’s experienced developers are looking for creative individuals ready to take on exciting and new projects. Join us!
Toys for Bob is wholly owned by Activision.
Your Mission
As a Senior Software Engineer, you will work closely with content teams to push our systems to new heights. This is a great opportunity to be part of a driven and passionate engineering team that defines and shapes our player's experience.
Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:
Contribute to the design of our gameplay and tools systems
Develop, modify, and debug software in script and C/C++
Deploy, optimize and test software on PC and console platforms
Collaborate with other internal departments (art, design, audio, QA, etc.)
Document software and features for internal and external teams
Participate in the code review process
Player Profile
Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in a Computer Science, Engineering, or Math related field
Shipped multiple game titles
7+ years of proven experience working in the game industry or related field
Ability to collaborate, coordinate, communicate and support other team members
Comprehensive understanding of object-oriented programming
Creative, motivated, focused, hardworking, results-oriented
Demonstrated ability to write efficient, readable, and reliable code
Passion for games
Bonus Experience:
Aptitude for systems design and innovation
Understanding of animation systems and techniques
Familiarity with physics simulation
Experience with console development
Our World
Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), is one of the world's largest and most successful interactive entertainment companies and is at the intersection of media, technology and entertainment. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty®, World of Warcraft®, Overwatch®, Diablo®, Candy Crush™ and Bubble Witch™. Our combined entertainment network delights hundreds of millions of monthly active users in 196 countries, making us the largest gaming network on the planet!
Our ability to build immersive and innovative worlds is only enhanced by diverse teams working in an inclusive environment. We aspire to have a culture where everyone can thrive in order to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional, and financial well-being for ‘Every World’ - we’ve got our employees covered!
The video game industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.
Toys for Bob is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Software Developer with DevOps Experience
The developer will start off with maintaining existing code bases and supporting 3rd tier help desk tickets with the aim of solving root causes through
Long term, the developer will be working on new projects as they occur, all of which will likely be built into or integrating with (through direct DB access as well as APIs) existing large application repositories. They must be comfortable working with ambiguity, often directly with application users, and other developers. This role faces a lot of technical challenges but also a great amount of potential for direct contribution to business efficiencies in the healthcare space.  Work will be primarily remote, with occasional in-person meetings (always pre-arranged) in Industry, probably a few times a month (frequency subject to change).
Must Have 3+ years experience and proficiency in:

Working on linux/ubuntu instances from shell (over ssh)
 Modern backend web technologies, API consumption, API serving
 Node.js (recent versions)
 MongoDB, node.js mongodb driver APIs
 Debugging/patching a large existing code base with limited documentation

Must have some experience (preferably at least 1 year) with the following:

DevOps-like activities such as deploying, upgrading, migrating of services between servers React.js.
 jQuery
 AWS services: EC2 , S3, Lambda (using node.js), aws cli (You may not necessarily be assigned major front end development tasks, but may be asked to quickly troubleshoot front-end issues)
 Google APIs: Drive, GMail, Sheets
 Business workflows, business process concepts
 Performing thorough end-to-end (when possible) quality assurance activities

Extras:


GoLang familiarity - there are some processes built on Go that we may want re-written in node.js
 T-SQL/MS-SQL with moderate complexity
 AWS Document DB (Mongo clone)
 AWS Dynamo DB

Perks:

Paid Training
 Sick Time
 Paid Mileage
 Growth Opportunities
 Employee Referral Reward Program
 Employee Discount Program

What SuperCare Health is About
"SuperCare Health is a comprehensive, post- acute care, respiratory services company, focused on managing high-risk respiratory patients in their homes.

Today, SuperCare health manages millions of lives annually, with a growing team of more than 400 members, and has one of the highest-rated satisfaction scores from both our customers and patients.
Our goal is to be the most trusted and preferred resource to manage high-risk, post-acute respiratory patients through our high-touch clinical team and high-tech, innovative solutions. Our end-to- end care solutions, from the hospital to the home, close gaps in care, reduce costs of care and improve outcomes. Our in-home services include ventilation, oxygen, CPAP/BiPAP, enteral nutrition, pharmacy services, and an expanding population health program.
We are uniquely structured to be a responsive and agile community provider, yet we also possess the stability and effectiveness of a large enterprise. As a thriving business, our chief focus is on what really matters: reducing hospital re-admissions, optimizing outcomes and improving the lives of patients with chronic care diseases, every day.``
Connect With Us!
Company Website https://supercarehealth.com/
Company Business Hours - 8:30 AM – 5:30 PM PST
LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/273667/admin/
Twitter https://twitter.com/SuperCareHealth
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/SuperCareHealth/
Instagram https://www.instagram.com/supercarehealth/  Savannah Stephenson - HR Talent Acquisition LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/in/sa... (https://www.linkedin.com/in/savannah-stephenson-044598159/)


Required Skills: 
· Linux, Openstack, & K8s certification & experience are required.
Desired Skills: 
· Linux, Cloud Operations, OpenStack, Kubernetes, Software Defined Networking, Virtual Network Functions, Scripting, and Security Compliance.
Education: Preferred Bachelor of Science degree: Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Science, Electrical Engineering, or Math; or equivalent experience.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Linux: 4 years (Preferred)
OpenStack: 4 years (Preferred)

License/Certification:

Kubernetes Certification (Required)

Work Location: Remote


  Department Research Information Technology Ofc 50001213 Business Unit Vice Chancellor for Research Reg-Temp Full-Time Regular Work Schedule Mon - Fri , 8:00 am - 5:00 pm with varied evenings and week-ends possible Remote/Telecommuting Yes – partial remote/telecommute opportunity Position Summary 
  
   This position will provide support for vendor products (Box cloud etc), basic Linux system administration and web app development under general guidance from Research Information Technology Office, Vice Chancellor for Research UNMC.
   Position Details 
  
   Additional Information
   Posting Category Operations Working Title Programmer/Analyst I Job Title Programmer/Anlayst L1 Salary Grade IT15S Appointment Type B1 - REG MGR PROF SALARY Salary Range $53,100 - $79,700/annual Job Requisition Begin Date 03/07/2022 Application Review Date Review Date Information: 
  
   Initial application review will begin on the date provided in the field above. Applications received prior to this review date will be considered. Applications received after the review date may be considered.
  


    Required and Preferred Qualifications 
   





Required Education:


       Bachelor's degree or equivalent
      




If any degree major/training is required, please specify the type. (NOTE: Concentration and minors are not equivalent to a major)


       Computer Science, Information Systems, Bioinformatics, Biomedical, Informatics, Clinical Informatics or related field.
       
 (Will consider five years related education/experience)
      




Required Experience


       1 year
      




If any experience is required, please specify what kind of experience:


       Experience with cloud administration, user management and data storage with basic understanding of Linux System Administration and Vendor software used in research environment.
       
 (Will consider five years related education/experience)
      




Required License


       No
      




If yes, what is the required licensure/certification?






Required Computer Applications:


       Microsoft Exchange
      




Required Other Computer Applications:


       Linux / Windows Applications
      




Required Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:






Preferred Education:


       Master's degree
      




If any degree/training is preferred, please specify the type:


       Computer Science, Information Systems
      




Preferred Experience:


Working experience in Managing Cloud Administration & data storage environment, basic Linux systems
Working experience with Application and Web Servers like JBoss, Apache Tomcat servers, or similar class of server systems.
Knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle, version control systems like GitHub, and SVN, and Eclipse IDE framework.





Preferred License:


       No
      




If yes, what is the preferred licensure/certification?:






Preferred Computer Applications:






Preferred Other Computer Applications:






Preferred Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:


Ability to anticipate problems and take decisive action.
Experience with the following operating systems (Windows, and Linux).
Good analytical and problem-solving skills.
Decent programming skills especially in PHP and Python
Good communication skills for providing documentation to support personnel, customers, and managers.
Knowledge of mobile development is plus
Utilizes standard corporate tools to record change and problem activities for tracking purposes.
Works with Linux system tools to manage systems, performance and maintainability.





Email to a Friend


       https://unmc.peopleadmin.com/postings/57978
      






EEO Statement



      EEO Statement 
     





EEO Statement

The University of Nebraska Medical Center (UNMC) is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive work and learning environment free from discrimination and harassment. UNMC is dedicated to creating an environment where everyone feels valued, respected and included. UNMC does not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, national origin, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, age, genetic information, veteran status, marital status, and/or political affiliation in its programs, activities, or employment. UNMC complies with all local, state and federal laws prohibiting discrimination, including Title IX, which prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex.








Lead Software DeveloperMinneapolis, MNRemote, periodic in person meetings
Position Overview
This role is an excellent opportunity to be a part of a mission-based leadership team in an organization dedicated to increasing clean energy and reducing harmful emissions. Use your software development experience and management skills to manage and evolve the organization’s software programs. Lead the software development team and support the organization’s wide variety of programs and services.
Responsibilities

Oversee, design, build, and evaluate software programs
Lead issue tracking and release management
Coordinate testing of new features and user acceptability
Assist in gathering requirements from stakeholders and clients
Ensure code and software works efficiently at all levels
Collaborate with the Director of Information Technology to provide insights and promote best practices
Maintain excellence in current practices and the organization’s custom portfolio
Manage 2 direct reports, in addition to contract employees
Report to the Director of Information Technology

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree and/or 4+ years of experience in software development; 2+ years of which were working in a supervisory or managerial role
Strong knowledge of and experience with PHP, C#, Javascript, and SQL databases required
Experience with version control systems, bitbucket and jit preferred
Experience with Vue.js and the Laravel framework preferred
Experience with Salesforce and Apex preferred
Ability to collaborate and lead teams
Excellence in interpersonal communication, attentional to detail, and organization
Ability to be proactive and work within a fast-paced team
Current COVID-19 vaccination required for employment

Compensation

$105,000-115,000, commensurate with experience
Medical and Dental Insurance
403(b) Retirement plan
Generous paid time off, including 12 weeks paid parental leave for pre- and post-natal care and/or adoption
Interest clubs and bike friendly facilities

Career Blazers Nonprofit Search maintains a broad focus so that your search can be thorough, and inclusive of all relevant options. We carefully consider your desired outcome, skills, and experience. The professionals at Career Blazers Nonprofit Search maintain your confidentiality and will not send your resume to a client without your approval.
Career Blazers is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $105,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

software development: 4 years (Required)
supervisory/managerial role: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Required Skills

C/C++ SW development
Experience with the Windows graphics rendering pipeline
GPU programming with DirectX, Vulkan, CUDA, Direct Compute, OpenGL, or OpenCL
Significant experience with DirectShow, DirectDraw, Microsoft Media Foundation, Windows Composition API, HLSL, or Win2D
Knowledge of real-time stream solutions (e.g. RTP)

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $150.00 - $190.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

MiTek is a platform innovator and enabler that exists to transform the building industry with better building solutions. In 1955, MiTek transformed residential construction with the invention of the Gang-Nail plate and a digital platform that provided an affordable and scalable way to manufacture wood trusses. Today, MiTek delivers software, services, engineered products, and automated solutions that enable the building industry to improve efficiencies by optimizing the balance between off-site and on-site. With nearly 5,600 team members worldwide, MiTek collaborates across the building industry to enable and accelerate transformational breakthroughs in design and construction to transform the way the industry designs, makes, and builds. As a Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-A, NYSE: BRK-B) company since 2001, MiTek has a record of continuous growth and innovation. Learn more at www.mii.com.
Summary: We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Software Engineering Manager responsible for managing the design and development of enterprise desktop and web applications targeted to residential construction business management. Accountable for leading the coding and debugging of both desktop and web-based applications by performing the following duties.
Responsibilities: 
Other duties may be assigned, but they include the following:

Cultivate a strong development team through hiring, training, and the creation of growth opportunities.
Manage and lead design, implementation, testing, and debugging of new and existing software on a Microsoft stack.
Complete projects on time and within budget.
Manage resourcing, estimation, scheduling, and execution of tasks, feature sets, and sprint plans.
Disseminate progress, blocking issues, and changes to appropriate audience in a timely fashion.
Provide vision, goals, and motivation to team and others.
Provide technical guidance, assistance, and contributions to the team.
Explore and relay opportunities for innovation and improvement.
Manage the refactoring of existing software to ensure long term viability.
Evaluate and recommend technologies, hardware, software, and services.
Interact with customers to help quickly solve or mitigate issues.

Required Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Science degree in technical field or equivalent experience.
Strong software development and software engineering background.
10+ years of software design and development experience.
Working knowledge of Agile software development using Scrum or Kanban.
Experience with C# and .NET Framework required
Experience with SQL required
Experience with Azure required

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience with WPF
Experience with Angular or an equivalent framework
Understanding of a microservice architecture
Knowledge of ASP.NET, RESTful APIs, and SOA

In compliance with the Colorado Equal Pay For Equal Work Act, the pay range for this position is estimated at $110k-$140k/year. Base pay offered may vary based on job-related knowledge, skills and experience. Please visit www.mii.com/about/careers/ to learn more about MiTek’s benefit opportunities.
MiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace. 
We are an equal opportunity employer; and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ethnicity, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or transgender status), age (40 and over), genetic information (including family medical history), veteran status, or any other protected characteristic.
For accommodation to assist with completing this application, please contact Human Resources at +1 314-434-1200.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

This position is fully remote within the United States only. Are you currently living in the United States?

Experience:

C# and/or .NET Framework: 1 year (Preferred)
Azure: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


100% Remote
 Our need is…

 A Senior Software Engineer who will be responsible for designing, developing, testing, and 
documenting software code for the Interoperability Institute. 
This is a full-time position where days and hours can vary Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM. 
Primary job duties and responsibilities: 

Break down complex requirements into attainable feature functionality sets. 
Adheres to IOI architecture to implement sound and reliable software keeping business requirements and strategy at the forefront of implementation. 
Translates user and architectural requirements into secure, well-tested implementations. 
Works within and has a good understanding of the Agile approach to code development. 
Documents structure, implementation, and processes. 
Validates information delivery by developing and completing usability, unit, and system testing. 
Enhances organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests and exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. 
Ensure that the information IOI produces, maintains, stores, or transmits remains secure through adherence to IOI's Security Policies and Procedures. 

Required qualifications: 

7 + years working in a professional software development organization with a focus on healthcare as a Software Engineer. 
Experience with a compiled Object-Oriented language e.g., Java, C#, etc. 
Experience designing and implementing GraphQL or REST APIs. 
Strong understanding of distributed systems. 
Experience designing data schemas and writing performant queries against relational databases. 
Previous experience designing and implementing systems using secure authentication and authorization protocols such as OAUTH2, OpenID Connect, or SAML 2.0, etc. 
Self-motivated with strong initiative to succeed. 
Strong communication skills. 
Ability to read and write statistical programming such as R, Pandas or Julia. 
Experience building engaging interactive data visualizations. 
Experience utilizing cloud technologies to deploy applications and components. 
Prior work in a Test-Driven Development or Behavioral Driven Development environment. 

Preferred qualifications: 

Prior experience with large scale information technology projects. 
Previous experience with high tech, public sector, and/or healthcare industries. 
Information Health Exchange message handling experience such as HL7 RIM v2/3, DICOM, NCPDP, and X12. 
Experience working with Graph databases. 

Direct reports 

May lead and direct the work of interns.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer who recognizes that our diversity is our greatest strength. We draw on the differences in who we are, what we've experienced, and how we think to best serve our stakeholders and our communities. 
Because our family of companies serve everyone, we believe in including everyone. This means we strive to hire qualified employees that are diverse in thinking and in race, gender, gender identity and/or gender expression, age, religion or belief, sexual orientation, physical, mental, or sensory disability, citizenship, family or partnership status, socio-economic upbringing, and more. 
We believe diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as an organization, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.



  Engineering Innovation, Inc. (EII) combines more than 30 years of mailroom experience with over 20 years of postal automation design experience to develop solutions that work for mailers of all sizes. EII’s mission is to develop practical products that work in the real world and to provide service after the sale that is second to none.
  
 This is a full-time, benefit eligible position with a work schedule of Monday through Friday. Benefits at EII: Competitive wages, Paid Holidays, Paid Time Off, 401(k)/Roth with matching and 100% immediate vesting, Medical Insurance, company-paid Short and Long Term Disability. Confirm Delivery is an EII product that focuses on web/cloud based and desktop applications for creating mailing labels and then tracking and confirming the delivery of the labeled mail pieces and/or packages for a wide variety of customers.
  
 EII is looking for a motivated Junior .NET developer to work on our Confirm Delivery team. Our offices are located in Lafayette, Indiana. The position can be either fully remote or a hybrid of remote and in-office, if desired, and offers room for advancement.
  
 Specifically, we are looking for a .Net developer to help build performant and scalable software using languages and technologies of the .NET framework and Azure. You will create applications from scratch, maintain and support existing software solutions and supplement our customer support department, when needed.
  
 In this role, you should be able to write clean code with a sharp eye for spotting defects. You should be a team player and excellent communicator. If you are also passionate about the .NET framework, Azure and software design/architecture, we would like to meet you.
  
 The official title of this position is Software Engineer II. The duties and responsibilities of the Software Engineer II include:
  
Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture.
Participate in requirements analysis.
Assist in the design and development of modern, scalable, and performant cloud-based applications.
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages. This will be primarily C# but will also include support and maintenance of some legacy VB.NET code.
Test and deploy applications and systems.
Revise, update, refactor and debug code.
Improve existing software, as needed.
Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC).
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support, when needed, to our customer support team.
Participate in code reviews for team members.
Report to the Manager of Software Engineering.
Desired Skills & Experience
  
Self-motivated, with a strong work ethic and a professional attitude
Proven experience as a .NET Developer or Application Developer
Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, .NET Core, SQL Server and design/architectural patterns (e.g. Model-View-Controller (MVC))
Strong Knowledge of C# (3+ years)
Knowledge of Software Design Patterns
Knowledge of VB.NET (for Legacy Support), HTML5/CSS3 and Razor pages
Understanding of Agile methodologies and Jira (or similar)
Familiarity with Blazor is a plus
Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC, gRPC, Clean Architecture)
Familiarity with Azure DevOps (preferred) and/or Bamboo
Familiarity with OAuth.2, OIDC, SSL and TSL
Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills
Attention to detail
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field




About Ancestry:
 When you join Ancestry, you join a human-centered company where every person’s story is important. We believe that by discovering the struggles and triumphs of our past, we can foster deeper bonds and more meaningful connections among families and communities. Our talented team of scientists, engineers, genealogists, historians, and storytellers is dedicated to empowering customers around the world from all backgrounds on their journeys of personal discovery.
 With more than 30+ billion digitized global historical records, 100+ million family trees, and 20+ million people in our growing AncestryDNA database, Ancestry helps customers discover their family story and gain a new level of understanding about their lives. Passionate about dedicating your work to enriching people’s lives? You belong at Ancestry.
 Ancestry is looking for an Infrastructure Engineer to join our team in Lehi, UT or Remote. You will work on the Web Platform team to solve, implement, deliver, and adopt shared architecture, systems, libraries, and components. You will solve problems in both the front-end and back-end. Using a variety of technologies and skillsets, you will play a critical role in ensuring efficient and high quality development across the company.
 As an Infrastructure Engineer on the Web Platform team, you will help with an assortment of development projects that will help Ancestry migrate to a whole new web component based platform. You will help develop web components, release engineering processes using our front end load balancers, and help with overall maintenance of our web platform for all front end teams at Ancestry.
 You will...

Implement and manage front-end routing processes
Assist with efforts to improve shared architecture and systems across web services and web pages
Facilitate adoption of shared code and libraries in web pages and web services
Address issues related to data security and compliance
Manage AWS-related resources

Who you are...

1-2+ years experience with deploying/configuring routing infrastructure or similar technologies (F5 BigIP, NGINX, etc.)
1-2+ years experience with JavaScript / Node.js and front-end technologies
Experience with deployment concepts like CI/CD, IAC and related technologies (e.g. Terraform)
AWS infrastructure such as: EC2, ECS, EKS, Fargate, Route 53, and Aurora

 (Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $121,500/year + eligible for bonus, equity, and comprehensive benefits including health, dental and vision. Read more about our benefits HERE.

Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085(8-5-20)

 #LI-GT1
 #GDSponsored
 #IND2
 Additional Information:
 Ancestry is an Equal Opportunity Employer that makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition, military or veteran status, citizenship, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. In addition, Ancestry will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
 All job offers are contingent on a background check screen that complies with applicable law. For San Francisco office candidates, pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Ancestry will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 Ancestry is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Ancestry via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Ancestry. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Ancestry as a result of the referral or through other means.


Job ID: T5018 - Software Engineer III
PLEASE NOTE: This is a contract-to-hire opening and needs to meet Client full-time conversion policies. Those dependent on a work permit sponsor now or anytime in the future (ie H1B, OPT, CPT, etc) do not meet Client requirements for this opening.
Travelers is seeking a Software Engineer I with a focus on quality engineering to join our organization as we grow and transform our Technology landscape. Individual will complete intermediate end to end engineering tasks for specific system assignments including developing, analyzing, configuring, testing, debugging, troubleshooting, documenting, health monitoring/alerting, and implementing based on user or system design specifications, as well as participating in troubleshooting, conducting impact analysis and escalating appropriately.
What Will You Do?
· Perform analysis, design, development, and configuration functions as well as define technical requirements for assignments of intermediate complexity.
· Participate with team to perform analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of intermediate complexity and escalate appropriately.
· Work within guidelines set by team to independently tackle well-scoped problems.
· Seek opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities.
· Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
· Three years of programming/development experience preferred.
· Full stack software engineer with QA/QE and testing automation experience using .NET Core, C#, JavaScript Frameworks, Web Services, MS SQL, MongoDB, and Public Cloud (esp. AWS)
· Experience writing automated Unit, UI, and End-to-End tests with technologies such as Gauge, Jmeter, Selenium/Winium. Nice to have: Taiko
· Delivery – Intermediate delivery skills including the ability to deliver work at a steady, predictable pace to achieve commitments, decompose work assignments into small batch releases and contribute to tradeoff and negotiation discussions.
· Domain Expertise – Demonstrated track record of domain expertise including the ability to understand technical concepts necessary to do the job effectively, demonstrate willingness, cooperation, and concern for business issues and possess in-depth knowledge of immediate systems worked on.
· Problem Solving – Proven problem solving skills including debugging skills, allowing you to determine source of issues in unfamiliar code or systems and the ability to recognize and solve repetitive problems rather than working around them, recognize mistakes using them as learning opportunities and break down large problems into smaller, more manageable ones.
· Communication – Strong communication skills with the ability to clearly and concisely interact with team members, document work in a clear, easy to follow manner, collaborate well with team members, take in well- scoped requirements and ask the right questions to ensure clarification, seek out and receive constructive criticism well and listen when others are speaking.
· Leadership – Intermediate leadership skills with a proven track record of self-motivation in identifying personal growth opportunities.
What is a Must Have?
· Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent in work experience.
· One year of programming/development experience.
Location:  Prefer Hartford or St. Paul but will go remote for the right candidate
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $55.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Would you like to work for us on our W-2? Or through an Employer (Corp-to-Corp)?
What is your Work Authorization? (Pick one: USC, H1B, GC EAD, OPT, H4 EAD, GC, etc)
Can you provide your Hourly rate range to ensure a quicker response from our Team?
If you are responding for your Employee (Corp-to-Corp basis) can you provide your contact information below?

Work Location: Remote

Overview 
Job duties include, but not limited to, Unity App development (iOS, Android, webGL), C# programming, 3D Model manipulation.
Work schedule can be 5 eight-hour days or 4 nine-hour days and 1 four-hour day. Please also note there will be 50 unbillable hours for training purposes.
Education and Experience 

Bachelor's degree or Technical Degree and relevant experience required.
2 year degree will be considered with correct skill set.
0-2 years experience in game app development required.
2-4 years of experience working with Unity preferred.

Skills Required 

A strong understanding of App creation for Android and iOS, C# Programming or equivalent programming languages, Unity Animation Editor required.
Experience with database and server integration into Apps required.
Knowledge of Lighting and material shader scripting required.
Strong mechanical aptitude and attention to detail.
Critical thinking and strong reasoning skills.
Strong collaboration and communication skills

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $48,300.00 - $50,300.00 per year
Benefits:

Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Associate (Preferred)

Experience:

Unity: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote
The Customer Support department is seeking a Technical Software / Applications Support Engineer to support our Web and Mobile Mapping Software for our growing global customer base in the US and Europe. This role joins a dynamic team that enjoys working with complex applications and products that utilize software, GIS, engineering, and problem-solving skills.


The Support Engineer is a technical software expert, experienced in configuration and implementation of IQGeo solutions often requiring knowledge of complex integrations with 3rd party software systems and middleware, and/or custom software development, as required by customers.


The role works independently or as a team member along with Project Managers, Implementers, and Director of Customer Support to deliver product support for the customer.
Responsibilities

As an integral part of the IQGeo geospatial Customer Support Team, the successful candidate will be a key contributor on the team by supporting IQGeo products for our customers in the Utility and Telecommunications markets. The role is expected to be capable of working independently, and as a team member, and should have a working knowledge of software implementation methodologies and troubleshooting skills. The key responsibilities include the following.

Problem solving skills, providing consulting to clients based on current operational processes and their fit with IQGeo products.
Respond to customer queries (incidents or questions) in a timely and accurate way via support cases, phone, or email.
Identify customer needs and help customers resolve issues or understand IQGeo product functionality.
Follow up with customers to ensure their technical issues are resolved.
Analyze and report product defects to the IQGeo Product Development Team.
Ensure accurate support case information is filled out by IQGeo customers and internal teams to build an IQGeo knowledgebase for end-users.
Inform customers of critical issues or when patches are released on IQGeo products.
Develop and maintain IQGeo product training materials for the IQGeo Certification program.
Required skills

Successful candidates will be enthusiastic individuals with a strong technical and consulting background in general software delivery and support skills related to the following:

Essential

Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with customer service desk systems (Jira Service Desk, FogBugz)
Strong experience with open-source software technologies (Apache, OpenLayers, Leaflet)
Intermediate to light experience in JavaScript and HTML design and development
Experience with Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) or web mapping
Experience with SQL and RDBMS technology (PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite)
Experience with Linux System administration and bash scripting
Experience with Python

Desirable

Enterprise Integration, especially web services
Collaboration systems, such as Jira Confluence or Microsoft SharePoint
Mobile application support (iOS, Android, Windows)
Experience in IQGeo software technology experience
ETL tools such Safe Software’s FME or GeoKettle
Git or other distributed version control systems
Additional language skills are not essential, but would be an advantage
Education and experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering required or related field or equivalent work experience is preferred.
Comparable technology and industry experience

If you would like to join this winning team, please submit your resume and cover letter to hr@iqgeo.com
This startup in Mountain View, CA aims to provide detailed genetic health information through ordinary blood sampling. This company has the mission of eliminating the need for invasive diagnostic tests. In this role, you will be working with both automated and manual testing to ensure engineering best practices and can attain a reliable software.
Qualifications:
· Minimum 5+ years of experience in software testing for instruments and/or hardware
· 3 years of Professional experience working with testing frameworks and tools such as JUnit, MSTest, Selenium, etc
· 2+ years of professional experience working with C# or Python
· 2+ relational databases such as MySQL or PostgreSQL
· 3+ years of experience automating test cases
· Experience working with software development teams with a strong emphasis on DevOps, Automation, CI/CD, and Quality
Mainz Brady Group is a technology staffing firm with offices in California, Oregon and Washington. We specialize in Information Technology and Engineering placements on a Contract, Contract-to-hire and Direct Hire basis. Mainz Brady Group is the recipient of multiple annual Excellence Awards from the Techserve Alliance, the leading association for IT and engineering staffing firms in the U.S.
Mainz Brady Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to Diversity & Inclusion and incorporate non-discrimination best practices in all of our staffing processes. Mainz Brady Group does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, disability or any other protected class.
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $60.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

Software testing: 5 years (Required)
Selenium: 2 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



   Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise.
  


    Let’s talk about the team and you:
  


    The Provider Experience team is focused on improving patient outcomes and delighting our customers. We support customer workflows, access to patient management and clinical data, support patient engagement, and offer both UI and API based solutions backed by cloud-native microservices. The team works across virtually all functions in the company. We focus on complete, end-to-end ownership of the software development lifecycle.
  


 This role is open to remote candidates within the United States in Pacific Standard Time Zone.



    Who we are looking for:
  

    At ResMed we focus on capability and passion. We’re looking for an Associate Software Engineer to work with a talented development team in our Digital Health product development group. The ideal candidate will be a smart, motivated individual seeking an opportunity to work on large scale / high volume cloud native applications writing code that is optimized for high performance, high availability, and scalability.
  


    Let's talk about Responsibilities:
  



      Build best-in-class, cloud native applications that are reliable, scalable, and simple to use
    


      Collaborate day to day with a small team of software developers
    


      Pair with senior developers to design software solutions
    


      Increase technical skills and awareness of technical improvements
    


      Other tasks and responsibilities as assigned
    



    Let's talk about Qualifications and Experience:
  



      Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or related field
    


      Minimum of 1 year of professional software development experience; equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered
    


      Must be able to code in Java
    


      Experience with Spring, Spring Boot
    


      An understanding of design patterns and algorithms
    


      Experience working within an Agile software development process, particularly Scrum
    



    Desirable:
  



      Experience developing on and deploying to AWS or other cloud providers.
    


      Experience with test driven development (TDD), continuous integration and knowledge of behavior driven development (BDD)
    


      Experience with Hibernate and relational databases
    


      Familiarity with NoSql databases, Docker
    


      Familiarity with Git
    


      Good problem-solving and analytical skills
    



    #LI-BV1
  

    #LI-remote
  


    Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!
  




We are seeking SDET’s for a Full Time, 100% remote position. **Candidates must reside in the U.S. and be a U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder.**
 Responsibilities:

Design and develop wide-reaching frameworks and design patterns to enable high velocity code delivery
Write code that automatically verifies the quality of the product and build out testing apis/services/tools that enable others to do so as well. 
Drive the strategy for testability of the product with understanding of customer usage models in real-world environments
Debug code, automate repetitive tasks, and implement/improve tools and frameworks needed to streamline our testing process.

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree with 5 + years of experience as Developer or SDET.
Strong ability to write effective code (Java, Spring, Web Services, HTML, JSP, Java Script, Servlets, Web Services, XML, AJAX, Microservices, SOA, REST, JSON.)
Strong experience with Agile development incorporating Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery, utilizing technologies such as GIT, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Datadog
Strong experience in building development and monitoring tools as an essential part of production system 
Mentoring with detailed source code reviews along with technical guidance to overall architecture and design

Preferred Qualifications:

Docker and/or Kubernetes experience 
Strong understanding of computer science fundamentals, algorithm design and data structures
Experience in Object Oriented Analysis, Design (OOAD) and development of software using UML Methodology, good knowledge of J2EE design patterns and Core Java design patterns

If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please send an updated resume for immediate consideration to bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com
 Bonnie Kutin Recruiter Comcentric Inc. bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com (805) 208-2137 direct

OPENTEXT - THE INFORMATION COMPANY

As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management.
The Opportunity
OpenText’s EnCase® is the most widely deployed DFIR (Digital Forensic and Incident Response) platform in the world and has been named “The Best Computer Forensic Solution” by SC Magazine for 10 years running. EnCase solves forensic security and investigatory needs for law enforcement, government agencies and enterprise customers using comprehensive forensic science, powerful evidence processing, and deep analysis.
The EnCase Engineering team seeks an experienced technical leader who is ready to lead and collaborate on the next generation of EnCase capabilities. We are looking for a senior engineer with extensive development and architecture experience.
You are great at:
Providing technical expertise and leadership in the design, development and delivery of enterprise security and forensic software, while adhering to strict timelines, coding guidelines, deliverables, and quality
Developing, testing and maintaining applications in accordance with specifications
Participating in product-related projects, as well as projects to improve processing and automation
Providing non-obvious solutions by researching problems while owning complex areas of the product, that require your ability to dive deep into the code
What it takes:
Minimum 7 years of C++ development
Demonstrated experience in developing multithreaded applications
Solid foundation in Windows OS architecture
Experience with user interface development
Ability to analyze and solve complex problems, to provide guidance and instruction to others
Ability to work independently to accomplish long-term, complex objectives
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
A passion for clean, extensible and maintainable design and architecture
Bachelor degree or higher in Computer Science or related field
DESIRED SKILLS:
Experience with non-Windows OS’s (UNIX, etc…)
Experience with file-system design
Experience with encryption standards
Experience with user interfaces (web-based, QT, WPF)
While OpenText is an Equal Opportunity Employer, our efforts to build an inclusive work environment go beyond simply complying with applicable laws. Our Employment Equity and Diversity Policy provides direction on maintaining a working environment that is inclusive of everyone, regardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, religion, or other basis protected by applicable laws. Should you require accommodations during the selection process, please contact accomodationrequests@opentext.com.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, OpenText’s global vaccination policy requires all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter an OpenText office to maintain a safe workplace for our employees.
Blast Motion is a team of driven professionals with a mission to help athletes, coaches, parents, and fans to enjoy the games of baseball, softball, golf, basketball, football and other sports like they never have before. We already have a world-class IP / patent portfolio, a set of committed investors from the internet, sports, and entertainment industries, and a passionate staff that aspires to bring a compelling user experience and ultimately success and happiness to our customers.
We develop state of the art intelligent inertial motion sensors, 3D motion analysis algorithms / signal processing, smartphone-based apps with 3D visualization and machine learning, and cloud computing for advanced analytics via a team / coach-oriented web portal. Through this chain of technology and refined solutions, our goal is to provide any aspiring or pro athlete a simple yet profound UX that enables them to improve rapidly through well founded sports science.
Blast Motion is already the official bat / swing sensor technology of Major League Baseball, and our technology is utilized by 85% of MLB Teams, hundreds of PGA pros, and all collegiate levels, from the Power 5 Conferences to Junior Colleges, along with thousands of high schools, elite travel teams, and organization customers for coaching, training, and recruiting. Blast Motion is now refining experience from these engagements and bringing them to aspiring athletes in ways that they can easily improve, rapidly and have fun in the process!
Blast Motion is a mid-staged startup based in beautiful Carlsbad, CA in a state of the art 20,000 sq. ft. facility including a sports science and usability lab, including state of the art optical machine vision systems.Position SummaryBlast Motion is hiring a Site Reliability Engineer to join our cloud engineering team.
We are looking for a motivated individual who prefers to live on the cutting edge of cloud infrastructure management, Application Performance Management (APM), and Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC).
An ideal candidate would have both software engineering experience as well as DevOps/Sysadmin experience however we are open to anyone passionate about creating organized, efficient, and scalable cloud infrastructure which is easy to deploy and maintain.Some things you might work on

Provision new AWS infrastructure with Terraform or Pulumi
Configure monitoring of deployed software with Elastic APM
Build CI/CD pipelines in Gitlab CI
Assist the architect and lead engineer with technology selection
Deploy and manage Feature-Flags with LaunchDarkly in order to reduce risk and enable continuous delivery
Configure alarms and alerts
Enable better security by configuring automated dependency vulnerability scanning
Convert legacy AWS infrastructure to IaC with Terraform

Other Responsibilities

Front-line for Production monitoring + response in case of issues
Works on the design of new features / functionality to ensure Security + Resiliency + Monitoring are baked into every release.
Works with QA to understand and rationalize the resiliency of systems prior to rollout
Works with PMO, Engineering on releases

Qualifications Required

2 years of experience as SRE, software engineer, or systems administrator
1 year of experience with Amazon Web Services
Comfortable working with Docker / Containers
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent experience. Master’s degree preferred
some combination of Python, sh script, JavaScript experience
Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery and APM implementation experience
Active Green Card or U.S. citizenship
Pass background check and reference check

Bonus

AWS Certification (Foundational or Associate level)
HashiCorp Terraform experience
Gitlab CI/CD experience
Athletic/sports domain experience

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:We follow CDC guidelines to ensure a safe work environment.
Experience:

SRE, software engineer, or systems administrator: 2 years (Preferred)
Amazon Web Services: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

We are Looking for an*Experienced Senior Back-End Developer* to join our team!
Must live in one of these states to apply: California, Texas, Florida, South Carolina, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Massachusetts, or Kansas. This is a REMOTE position but you still MUST reside in one of the following States.
Job Type:  Full-time
Pay:  $100,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
About the Company:  Legalfit, LLC (Legalfit) provides smart web marketing for attorneys through its predictive marketing platform. In its fifth year of existence, Legalfit is a rapidly growing legal-specific marketing company.
About this Role:  As a Senior Back-End Developer, you will be responsible for data verification throughout the Company’s databases, including maintaining accurate records of Company information. This includes data verification of leads generated through the Company’s Customer Relationship Management system (“CRM”). In this role, you will assist various managers with data-driven projects and analysis. The role will also involve creating and subsequently maintaining training documentation and tutorials as it relates to data management within the organization.
Qualifications: 

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Design, or another related field
Have worked with Python and Django (Required)
Have 5-8 years of developing REST APIs web applications.
Must have worked for a Software as a Service (SaaS) company.
IT: 3 years (Required)
English (Required)
2+ years of related front end web development experience
Time tracking and Project Management Software experience preferred
Experience in writing or rewriting microservice for cloud applications.
Have created, deployed, and managed client websites running off of Django.

Experience: 

Knowledge of Continuous Integration (CI) and experience working with build and release tools
Experience in an IT environment
Experience with UI and API automated testing frameworks
Understanding of software development processes
Experience with automated testing frameworks

Responsibilities: 

Create, Deploy, and Manage client websites running on Django
Take loosely defined requests and get requirements
Determine whether operational products are feasible by evaluating analysis, problem definition, requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions that adhere to the product vision
Use tools, languages, coding standards, and best practices to develop new product features and maintain year over year product functionality and enhancements
Break larger requests into smaller maintainable tasks and assign them to others as needed
Design, develop, modify, implement, and support software components anywhere in the Software stack
Write, clean, and maintain code and unit tests to develop functional web applications
Write/rewrite microservices for cloud applications
Work with the DevOps team to ensure the quality of software releases
Peer review coding efforts of other developers to provide feedback and mentoring
Have operational knowledge of software products within the company
Performs other job-related duties and responsibilities as assigned
Assist in planning and implementation of a strategic direction for the product
Identify product design features to support scalability, usability, and better performance
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision while maintaining timelines
Adheres to Legalfits core values, safety, confidentiality, and compliance policies and procedures.

Why Legafit is a GREAT fit for you: Legalfit has a strong company culture that embraces transparency, communication, and trust. There’s no “red tape” when it comes to problem-solving and our goals for success are clear. If you are looking for an incredible opportunity to learn quickly and expand your horizons, then we are the company for you! In conjunction with that, here’s what else we have to offer:

Competitive Pay
Medical (4 plans to choose from), dental, and vision
Medical FSA
Childcare FSA
PTO
Special shutdown days
Short-term disability (paid for by the company)
Long-term disability (paid for by the company)
Life insurance (paid for by the company)
401(k) up to 6% matching
Fantastic company culture
All out company events
Opportunity for advancement
M-F, standard hours
Paid Holidays
Additional days off for company stretch goal incentives
Consistent 1:1s, weekly feedback, and daily standups with your team

Here at Legalfit, you will be able to thrive in an environment of the diversity of thought, experiences, and background -we celebrate and embrace our diversity, wholeheartedly. So be yourself, come as you are!
Join our winning team by clicking the apply button at the top of the job description! Legalfit is an equal opportunity employer.* This position is a REMOTE position!*
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $140,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Do you live in one of these states: California, Texas, Florida, South Carolina, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Massachusetts, or Kansas If not are you willing to relocate within 2 weeks?
Have you created, deployed, and managed clints websites running off of Django?
How many years of work experience do you have using Django REST Framework?
How many years of work experience do you have using REST APIs?
How many years of work experience do you have using Software as a Service (SaaS)?

Experience:

Python: 2 years (Required)
Django: 2 years (Required)
APIs: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote
About Us

Twitch is the world's biggest live streaming service, with global communities built around gaming, entertainment, music, sports, cooking, and more. It's where millions of people come together to chat, interact, and make their own entertainment.

We're about community, inside and out. You'll find coworkers who are eager to team up, collaborate, and smash (or elegantly solve) problems together. We're on a quest to empower live communities, so if this sounds good to you, see what we're up to on LinkedIn and Twitter, get interviewing tips on Instagram, and discover projects we're solving on our Blog.

About the Role

At Twitch, creators are at the center of our success. As a member of the Community Insights team, you'll enhance and build products that help streamers achieve their goals by delivering powerful tools for them to understand the performance of their streams and businesses.

We're looking for engineers that love to delight people with incredible user experiences. On this team, you'll work closely with designers, product managers, and other engineers to transform millions of events each minute into digestible, relevant insights that close the loop for streamers in understanding how their behavior impacts their success. We're looking for interest and experience in server-side programming (web architecture, SOA, database architecture) and passion for building clean, scalable, and well-tested systems using cutting-edge open-source and Amazon Web Services (AWS) tools. You'll report to the Director of Community Insights and can work from either Seattle or San Francisco!

You Will:
Design, deliver, and improve performant, reliable, and high-performance systems which process billions of events each day
Embrace and champion engineering best practices within your group and Twitch
Produce clean, high-quality code, tests, and documentation
Actively participate in code and design reviews with peers and partners
Contribute engineering input and feedback into product planning processes
Partner with fellow engineering teams to deliver on complex initiatives together
You Have:
Willingness to try new things and work with a diverse group of people
2+ years of experience developing software in a professional environment
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent industry experience as a Software Engineer
Strong foundation of data structures and algorithms. Familiarity with scalability, concurrency, API design, data modeling, and fundamentals of distributed systems or high-volume data processing
Bonus Points
Familiarity with AWS infrastructure
Experience writing Go in production systems
Experience with Apache Druid, Apache Flink
Are a Twitch user yourself
Perks
Medical, Dental, Vision & Disability Insurance
401(k), Maternity & Parental Leave
Flexible PTO
Commuter Benefits
Amazon Employee Discount
Monthly Contribution & Discounts for Wellness Related Activities & Programs (e.g., gym memberships, off-site massages),
Lunch Served Daily
Free Snacks & Beverages


We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Twitch. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

The base pay range for this position in Colorado, Connecticut and Washington is $152,100 - $185,900 yr and in New York City is $167,310 - $204,490 yr. Pay is based on market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. A sign-on payment and restricted stock units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the position offered. Applicants should apply via Twitch's internal or external careers site.

Workers in New York City who perform in-person work or interact with the public in the course of business must show proof they have been fully vaccinated against COVID or request and receive approval for a reasonable accommodation, including medical or religious accommodation.

Job ID: TW7064

#LI-Remote #RemoteFriendly


3+ years experience in program or project management
 Experience using data and metrics to drive improvements
 Experience working cross functionally with tech and non-tech teams
 Experience using e-learning software (Articulate, Captivate, or similar), Cornerstone LMS (or similar)
 Experience using video editing tools (Final Cut, Adobe Premier, After Effects, Camtasia or similar)
 Experience with technical customer service organizations.




  Job summary
   Who We Are
   Amazon was recently rated the #1 most reputable company in the US, #1 for innovation, and is frequently ranked at the top in Customer Service. Amazon’s technology business has a history and tradition of leading the world in Web-related technologies and services. Now, with Amazon Web Services (AWS) you have the chance to help individuals and businesses take their computing infrastructures and applications into the Cloud. As a member of the AWS Support team, you will be at the forefront of Cloud technologies experiencing the full breadth of AWS services. You will be surrounded by people that are extremely smart, passionate about cloud computing, and believe that world class support is critical to customer success.
  
 We have a team of talented engineers located in multiple locations around the world, and are growing rapidly. Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer - Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
  
 Job Description
   Amazon Web Services has an opening for a Curriculum Developer who thrives in a dynamic, fast-paced environment and has a strong training and development background. As a Curriculum Developer, you will be responsible for analyzing, designing and developing high quality training content for technical and non-technical learning programs for AWS Enterprise Support’s global sites. 
  
 This role focuses on instructional design, curriculum development, and program management. This is not a training delivery role as it does not involve regular classroom delivery of training. You will play a significant role in the training and development of a successful and effective global support team. 
  

Collaborate effectively with AWS Enterprise Support subject matter experts (SMEs), and managers on the AWS Enterprise Support team to provide consulting, develop, and technical training content as well as non-technical curriculum
 Use project management tools and skills to manage medium to large scale content development projects
 Design and develop learning solutions and programs applying adult learning principles and systematic instructional design to create learning content that best fits the needs of the learner (includes online, classroom, virtual instructor-led training and blended learning content).
 Contribute to the development and implementation of new learning models and content design templates.
 Leverage rapid, agile development techniques and processes to create content for a rapidly changing environment. Lead process improvement efforts.
 Develop exercises, tutorials, job aids, assessments, and other methods of learning including social or connected learning strategies, and multimedia based assets.
 Lead needs analyses and learning strategy development activities to improve individual and organizational performance through learning.
 Coach and mentor junior developers in use of tools and instructional design methodologies.

 The ideal candidate will be passionate about the growth and success of AWS Support employees and our customers. Candidates will have experience in designing, developing, and implementing a wide range of large-scale training solutions. They will also have the following attributes and qualifications:
  

 Demonstrated experience designing and developing training materials and content to include creating instructor-led materials, online/e-learning modules, job aids, online tutorials, multimedia products (video, graphic, audio), and other training materials
 Ability to apply adult learning principles and incorporate this into curriculum design and development





5 or more years of experience in a curriculum development role or similar.
 An undergraduate degree in communication, education, design, or related field (or a technical field).
 Demonstrated ability to manage medium to large scale programs while work cross-functionally with multiple teams and stakeholders in IT environment. Gathers requirements from stakeholders to create and innovate multiple concurrent medium to large learning projects.
 Familiarity with SCORM, online learning, learning technology, instructional, graphic, and/or web design or development skills.
 Experience using metric for leading needs analyses and learning strategy development activities to improve individual and organizational performance through learning.
 Experience developing and supporting training for technical/IT and account management related positions
 Some travel required (10-25%).
 Portfolio and/or eLearning sample are required at interview.
 Working understanding of web and media design tools (Adobe Creative Cloud, HTML, CSS)
 Experience working with and integrating the use of knowledge bases and online reference for learning and performance support.
 Strong program manager with excellent verbal and written communication skills. This includes skill in collaborating with subject matter experts and managers to help write, design, and develop, and manage technical IT (information technology) content projects.
 Experience on leading projects for an entire group or department, or a major piece of a larger cross company product or project.
 Experience using data collection, research, and analysis to evaluate project outcomes and improve individual and organizational performance.

 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
  
 Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please visit https://www.amazon.jobs/en/disability/us.
 
Who we’re looking for:
The primary responsibility of the Staff Software Engineer is to lead the design and development of a library of software components, create architectural blueprints, develop reference implementations and socialize the adoption of these components across the enterprise.
Reporting to the Senior Manager of Cloud-Native Application Development team, the Software Engineer will support the Digital Products and Services department's objective to build a library of reusable software components that span across varied vertical business domains such as Consumers, Dealers, Corporate Services, and Manufacturing.
What you’ll be doing:
Responsibilities include:
Interface with the application development teams to understand current software development practices, application landscape, tools, and methodologies to develop a plan to drive improvement.
Work with the portfolio architects to understand the current and the target state of their application portfolio. Develop methodologies to reduce technical debt, improve code quality, improve system reliability and resiliency objectives.
Partner with Digital Platform engineering team to modernize full stack of software development including infrastructure design, implementation in a cloud-first environment.
Keep up-to-date on programming languages, frameworks, standards, tools, and processes to drive efficiencies in time to market for new and unique business ideas.
What you’ll bring:
Hands-on software engineering experience in an Agile environment, spanning all facets of SDLC process including requirements, design, construction, testing, and implementation phases.
Microservices architecture experience, expertise in the decomposition of monolith applications into finer-grained software components.
Design of reusable components to minimize code duplication and improve software delivery outcomes.
Experience with Cloud-native, 12-factor application development. SOLID object-oriented software development principles.
Domain-driven design experience conducting event storming sessions. Ability to understand business domains and collaborate effectively with Portfolio architects.
A strong foundation of software applications design methodologies, design patterns, and ability to translate designs into working code modules.
Exposure to Event-driven architectures, event sourcing, CQRS, and related techniques.
Added bonus if you have:
B. S. degree in Computer Science or another engineering discipline.
AWS Associate or Professional certifications.
Experience developing software applications using Kubernetes, Docker, Cloud Foundry, Low code platforms.
What we’ll bring:
During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include:
A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility, and respect.
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement.
Vehicle purchase & lease programs.
Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family.
Flexible work options based on business needs.
Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute.
Paid holidays and paid time off.
Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, child care, schools, and more.
Flexible spending accounts.
Relocation assistance (if applicable).
To save time applying, Toyota does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time.
This position is eligible for remote work from qualifying locations. #LI-REMOTE
Required Skills: 
· Linux, Openstack, & K8s certification & experience are required.
Desired Skills: 
· Linux, Cloud Operations, OpenStack, Kubernetes, Software Defined Networking, Virtual Network Functions, Scripting, and Security Compliance.
Education: Preferred Bachelor of Science degree: Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Science, Electrical Engineering, or Math; or equivalent experience.
Job Type: Contract
Salary: $65.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Linux: 4 years (Preferred)
OpenStack: 4 years (Preferred)

License/Certification:

Kubernetes Certification (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Required Skills

C/C++ SW development
Experience with the Windows graphics rendering pipeline
GPU programming with DirectX, Vulkan, CUDA, Direct Compute, OpenGL, or OpenCL
Significant experience with DirectShow, DirectDraw, Microsoft Media Foundation, Windows Composition API, HLSL, or Win2D
Knowledge of real-time stream solutions (e.g. RTP)

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $150.00 - $190.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Experience:

Software Development Occupations: 1 year (Preferred)
REST: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

MiTek is a platform innovator and enabler that exists to transform the building industry with better building solutions. In 1955, MiTek transformed residential construction with the invention of the Gang-Nail plate and a digital platform that provided an affordable and scalable way to manufacture wood trusses. Today, MiTek delivers software, services, engineered products, and automated solutions that enable the building industry to improve efficiencies by optimizing the balance between off-site and on-site. With nearly 5,600 team members worldwide, MiTek collaborates across the building industry to enable and accelerate transformational breakthroughs in design and construction to transform the way the industry designs, makes, and builds. As a Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-A, NYSE: BRK-B) company since 2001, MiTek has a record of continuous growth and innovation. Learn more at www.mii.com.
Summary: We are seeking a dynamic and motivated Software Engineering Manager responsible for managing the design and development of enterprise desktop and web applications targeted to residential construction business management. Accountable for leading the coding and debugging of both desktop and web-based applications by performing the following duties.
Responsibilities: 
Other duties may be assigned, but they include the following:

Cultivate a strong development team through hiring, training, and the creation of growth opportunities.
Manage and lead design, implementation, testing, and debugging of new and existing software on a Microsoft stack.
Complete projects on time and within budget.
Manage resourcing, estimation, scheduling, and execution of tasks, feature sets, and sprint plans.
Disseminate progress, blocking issues, and changes to appropriate audience in a timely fashion.
Provide vision, goals, and motivation to team and others.
Provide technical guidance, assistance, and contributions to the team.
Explore and relay opportunities for innovation and improvement.
Manage the refactoring of existing software to ensure long term viability.
Evaluate and recommend technologies, hardware, software, and services.
Interact with customers to help quickly solve or mitigate issues.

Required Qualifications: 

Bachelor of Science degree in technical field or equivalent experience.
Strong software development and software engineering background.
10+ years of software design and development experience.
Working knowledge of Agile software development using Scrum or Kanban.
Experience with C# and .NET Framework required
Experience with SQL required
Experience with Azure required

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience with WPF
Experience with Angular or an equivalent framework
Understanding of a microservice architecture
Knowledge of ASP.NET, RESTful APIs, and SOA

In compliance with the Colorado Equal Pay For Equal Work Act, the pay range for this position is estimated at $110k-$140k/year. Base pay offered may vary based on job-related knowledge, skills and experience. Please visit www.mii.com/about/careers/ to learn more about MiTek’s benefit opportunities.
MiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace. 
We are an equal opportunity employer; and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ethnicity, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or transgender status), age (40 and over), genetic information (including family medical history), veteran status, or any other protected characteristic.
For accommodation to assist with completing this application, please contact Human Resources at +1 314-434-1200.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

This position is fully remote within the United States only. Are you currently living in the United States?

Experience:

C# and/or .NET Framework: 1 year (Preferred)
Azure: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


100% Remote
 Our need is…

 A Senior Software Engineer who will be responsible for designing, developing, testing, and 
documenting software code for the Interoperability Institute. 
This is a full-time position where days and hours can vary Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM. 
Primary job duties and responsibilities: 

Break down complex requirements into attainable feature functionality sets. 
Adheres to IOI architecture to implement sound and reliable software keeping business requirements and strategy at the forefront of implementation. 
Translates user and architectural requirements into secure, well-tested implementations. 
Works within and has a good understanding of the Agile approach to code development. 
Documents structure, implementation, and processes. 
Validates information delivery by developing and completing usability, unit, and system testing. 
Enhances organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests and exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments. 
Ensure that the information IOI produces, maintains, stores, or transmits remains secure through adherence to IOI's Security Policies and Procedures. 

Required qualifications: 

7 + years working in a professional software development organization with a focus on healthcare as a Software Engineer. 
Experience with a compiled Object-Oriented language e.g., Java, C#, etc. 
Experience designing and implementing GraphQL or REST APIs. 
Strong understanding of distributed systems. 
Experience designing data schemas and writing performant queries against relational databases. 
Previous experience designing and implementing systems using secure authentication and authorization protocols such as OAUTH2, OpenID Connect, or SAML 2.0, etc. 
Self-motivated with strong initiative to succeed. 
Strong communication skills. 
Ability to read and write statistical programming such as R, Pandas or Julia. 
Experience building engaging interactive data visualizations. 
Experience utilizing cloud technologies to deploy applications and components. 
Prior work in a Test-Driven Development or Behavioral Driven Development environment. 

Preferred qualifications: 

Prior experience with large scale information technology projects. 
Previous experience with high tech, public sector, and/or healthcare industries. 
Information Health Exchange message handling experience such as HL7 RIM v2/3, DICOM, NCPDP, and X12. 
Experience working with Graph databases. 

Direct reports 

May lead and direct the work of interns.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer who recognizes that our diversity is our greatest strength. We draw on the differences in who we are, what we've experienced, and how we think to best serve our stakeholders and our communities. 
Because our family of companies serve everyone, we believe in including everyone. This means we strive to hire qualified employees that are diverse in thinking and in race, gender, gender identity and/or gender expression, age, religion or belief, sexual orientation, physical, mental, or sensory disability, citizenship, family or partnership status, socio-economic upbringing, and more. 
We believe diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as an organization, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.



  Engineering Innovation, Inc. (EII) combines more than 30 years of mailroom experience with over 20 years of postal automation design experience to develop solutions that work for mailers of all sizes. EII’s mission is to develop practical products that work in the real world and to provide service after the sale that is second to none.
  
 This is a full-time, benefit eligible position with a work schedule of Monday through Friday. Benefits at EII: Competitive wages, Paid Holidays, Paid Time Off, 401(k)/Roth with matching and 100% immediate vesting, Medical Insurance, company-paid Short and Long Term Disability. Confirm Delivery is an EII product that focuses on web/cloud based and desktop applications for creating mailing labels and then tracking and confirming the delivery of the labeled mail pieces and/or packages for a wide variety of customers.
  
 EII is looking for a motivated Junior .NET developer to work on our Confirm Delivery team. Our offices are located in Lafayette, Indiana. The position can be either fully remote or a hybrid of remote and in-office, if desired, and offers room for advancement.
  
 Specifically, we are looking for a .Net developer to help build performant and scalable software using languages and technologies of the .NET framework and Azure. You will create applications from scratch, maintain and support existing software solutions and supplement our customer support department, when needed.
  
 In this role, you should be able to write clean code with a sharp eye for spotting defects. You should be a team player and excellent communicator. If you are also passionate about the .NET framework, Azure and software design/architecture, we would like to meet you.
  
 The official title of this position is Software Engineer II. The duties and responsibilities of the Software Engineer II include:
  
Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture.
Participate in requirements analysis.
Assist in the design and development of modern, scalable, and performant cloud-based applications.
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages. This will be primarily C# but will also include support and maintenance of some legacy VB.NET code.
Test and deploy applications and systems.
Revise, update, refactor and debug code.
Improve existing software, as needed.
Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC).
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support, when needed, to our customer support team.
Participate in code reviews for team members.
Report to the Manager of Software Engineering.
Desired Skills & Experience
  
Self-motivated, with a strong work ethic and a professional attitude
Proven experience as a .NET Developer or Application Developer
Familiarity with the ASP.NET framework, .NET Core, SQL Server and design/architectural patterns (e.g. Model-View-Controller (MVC))
Strong Knowledge of C# (3+ years)
Knowledge of Software Design Patterns
Knowledge of VB.NET (for Legacy Support), HTML5/CSS3 and Razor pages
Understanding of Agile methodologies and Jira (or similar)
Familiarity with Blazor is a plus
Familiarity with architecture styles/APIs (REST, RPC, gRPC, Clean Architecture)
Familiarity with Azure DevOps (preferred) and/or Bamboo
Familiarity with OAuth.2, OIDC, SSL and TSL
Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills
Attention to detail
BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field




About Ancestry:
 When you join Ancestry, you join a human-centered company where every person’s story is important. We believe that by discovering the struggles and triumphs of our past, we can foster deeper bonds and more meaningful connections among families and communities. Our talented team of scientists, engineers, genealogists, historians, and storytellers is dedicated to empowering customers around the world from all backgrounds on their journeys of personal discovery.
 With more than 30+ billion digitized global historical records, 100+ million family trees, and 20+ million people in our growing AncestryDNA database, Ancestry helps customers discover their family story and gain a new level of understanding about their lives. Passionate about dedicating your work to enriching people’s lives? You belong at Ancestry.
 Ancestry is looking for an Infrastructure Engineer to join our team in Lehi, UT or Remote. You will work on the Web Platform team to solve, implement, deliver, and adopt shared architecture, systems, libraries, and components. You will solve problems in both the front-end and back-end. Using a variety of technologies and skillsets, you will play a critical role in ensuring efficient and high quality development across the company.
 As an Infrastructure Engineer on the Web Platform team, you will help with an assortment of development projects that will help Ancestry migrate to a whole new web component based platform. You will help develop web components, release engineering processes using our front end load balancers, and help with overall maintenance of our web platform for all front end teams at Ancestry.
 You will...

Implement and manage front-end routing processes
Assist with efforts to improve shared architecture and systems across web services and web pages
Facilitate adoption of shared code and libraries in web pages and web services
Address issues related to data security and compliance
Manage AWS-related resources

Who you are...

1-2+ years experience with deploying/configuring routing infrastructure or similar technologies (F5 BigIP, NGINX, etc.)
1-2+ years experience with JavaScript / Node.js and front-end technologies
Experience with deployment concepts like CI/CD, IAC and related technologies (e.g. Terraform)
AWS infrastructure such as: EC2, ECS, EKS, Fargate, Route 53, and Aurora

 (Colorado only*) Minimum salary of $121,500/year + eligible for bonus, equity, and comprehensive benefits including health, dental and vision. Read more about our benefits HERE.

Note: Disclosure as required by sb19-085(8-5-20)

 #LI-GT1
 #GDSponsored
 #IND2
 Additional Information:
 Ancestry is an Equal Opportunity Employer that makes employment decisions without regard to race, color, religious creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition, military or veteran status, citizenship, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. In addition, Ancestry will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
 All job offers are contingent on a background check screen that complies with applicable law. For San Francisco office candidates, pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Ancestry will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
 Ancestry is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at Ancestry via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of Ancestry. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Ancestry as a result of the referral or through other means.


Job ID: T5018 - Software Engineer III
PLEASE NOTE: This is a contract-to-hire opening and needs to meet Client full-time conversion policies. Those dependent on a work permit sponsor now or anytime in the future (ie H1B, OPT, CPT, etc) do not meet Client requirements for this opening.
Travelers is seeking a Software Engineer I with a focus on quality engineering to join our organization as we grow and transform our Technology landscape. Individual will complete intermediate end to end engineering tasks for specific system assignments including developing, analyzing, configuring, testing, debugging, troubleshooting, documenting, health monitoring/alerting, and implementing based on user or system design specifications, as well as participating in troubleshooting, conducting impact analysis and escalating appropriately.
What Will You Do?
· Perform analysis, design, development, and configuration functions as well as define technical requirements for assignments of intermediate complexity.
· Participate with team to perform analysis, assessment and resolution for defects and incidents of intermediate complexity and escalate appropriately.
· Work within guidelines set by team to independently tackle well-scoped problems.
· Seek opportunities to expand technical knowledge and capabilities.
· Perform other duties as assigned.
What Will Our Ideal Candidate Have?
· Three years of programming/development experience preferred.
· Full stack software engineer with QA/QE and testing automation experience using .NET Core, C#, JavaScript Frameworks, Web Services, MS SQL, MongoDB, and Public Cloud (esp. AWS)
· Experience writing automated Unit, UI, and End-to-End tests with technologies such as Gauge, Jmeter, Selenium/Winium. Nice to have: Taiko
· Delivery – Intermediate delivery skills including the ability to deliver work at a steady, predictable pace to achieve commitments, decompose work assignments into small batch releases and contribute to tradeoff and negotiation discussions.
· Domain Expertise – Demonstrated track record of domain expertise including the ability to understand technical concepts necessary to do the job effectively, demonstrate willingness, cooperation, and concern for business issues and possess in-depth knowledge of immediate systems worked on.
· Problem Solving – Proven problem solving skills including debugging skills, allowing you to determine source of issues in unfamiliar code or systems and the ability to recognize and solve repetitive problems rather than working around them, recognize mistakes using them as learning opportunities and break down large problems into smaller, more manageable ones.
· Communication – Strong communication skills with the ability to clearly and concisely interact with team members, document work in a clear, easy to follow manner, collaborate well with team members, take in well- scoped requirements and ask the right questions to ensure clarification, seek out and receive constructive criticism well and listen when others are speaking.
· Leadership – Intermediate leadership skills with a proven track record of self-motivation in identifying personal growth opportunities.
What is a Must Have?
· Bachelor’s degree or its equivalent in work experience.
· One year of programming/development experience.
Location:  Prefer Hartford or St. Paul but will go remote for the right candidate
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $55.00 - $70.00 per hour
Benefits:

401(k)
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

Would you like to work for us on our W-2? Or through an Employer (Corp-to-Corp)?
What is your Work Authorization? (Pick one: USC, H1B, GC EAD, OPT, H4 EAD, GC, etc)
Can you provide your Hourly rate range to ensure a quicker response from our Team?
If you are responding for your Employee (Corp-to-Corp basis) can you provide your contact information below?

Work Location: Remote

Overview 
Job duties include, but not limited to, Unity App development (iOS, Android, webGL), C# programming, 3D Model manipulation.
Work schedule can be 5 eight-hour days or 4 nine-hour days and 1 four-hour day. Please also note there will be 50 unbillable hours for training purposes.
Education and Experience 

Bachelor's degree or Technical Degree and relevant experience required.
2 year degree will be considered with correct skill set.
0-2 years experience in game app development required.
2-4 years of experience working with Unity preferred.

Skills Required 

A strong understanding of App creation for Android and iOS, C# Programming or equivalent programming languages, Unity Animation Editor required.
Experience with database and server integration into Apps required.
Knowledge of Lighting and material shader scripting required.
Strong mechanical aptitude and attention to detail.
Critical thinking and strong reasoning skills.
Strong collaboration and communication skills

Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $48,300.00 - $50,300.00 per year
Benefits:

Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Associate (Preferred)

Experience:

Unity: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote
The Customer Support department is seeking a Technical Software / Applications Support Engineer to support our Web and Mobile Mapping Software for our growing global customer base in the US and Europe. This role joins a dynamic team that enjoys working with complex applications and products that utilize software, GIS, engineering, and problem-solving skills.


The Support Engineer is a technical software expert, experienced in configuration and implementation of IQGeo solutions often requiring knowledge of complex integrations with 3rd party software systems and middleware, and/or custom software development, as required by customers.


The role works independently or as a team member along with Project Managers, Implementers, and Director of Customer Support to deliver product support for the customer.
Responsibilities

As an integral part of the IQGeo geospatial Customer Support Team, the successful candidate will be a key contributor on the team by supporting IQGeo products for our customers in the Utility and Telecommunications markets. The role is expected to be capable of working independently, and as a team member, and should have a working knowledge of software implementation methodologies and troubleshooting skills. The key responsibilities include the following.

Problem solving skills, providing consulting to clients based on current operational processes and their fit with IQGeo products.
Respond to customer queries (incidents or questions) in a timely and accurate way via support cases, phone, or email.
Identify customer needs and help customers resolve issues or understand IQGeo product functionality.
Follow up with customers to ensure their technical issues are resolved.
Analyze and report product defects to the IQGeo Product Development Team.
Ensure accurate support case information is filled out by IQGeo customers and internal teams to build an IQGeo knowledgebase for end-users.
Inform customers of critical issues or when patches are released on IQGeo products.
Develop and maintain IQGeo product training materials for the IQGeo Certification program.
Required skills

Successful candidates will be enthusiastic individuals with a strong technical and consulting background in general software delivery and support skills related to the following:

Essential

Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with customer service desk systems (Jira Service Desk, FogBugz)
Strong experience with open-source software technologies (Apache, OpenLayers, Leaflet)
Intermediate to light experience in JavaScript and HTML design and development
Experience with Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) or web mapping
Experience with SQL and RDBMS technology (PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQLite)
Experience with Linux System administration and bash scripting
Experience with Python

Desirable

Enterprise Integration, especially web services
Collaboration systems, such as Jira Confluence or Microsoft SharePoint
Mobile application support (iOS, Android, Windows)
Experience in IQGeo software technology experience
ETL tools such Safe Software’s FME or GeoKettle
Git or other distributed version control systems
Additional language skills are not essential, but would be an advantage
Education and experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering required or related field or equivalent work experience is preferred.
Comparable technology and industry experience

If you would like to join this winning team, please submit your resume and cover letter to hr@iqgeo.com


   Digital Health Technology team powers digital experiences and engagement to enhance the lives of millions of people every day through connected care. We build, deliver and manage a portfolio of data management platforms and mobile offerings in support of our core businesses. We thrive on simple and elegant architecture and agility. You’ll be immersed in a dynamic high-growth environment and empowered to excel, take informed risks, and drive ingenuity across the enterprise.
  


    Let’s talk about the team and you:
  


    The Provider Experience team is focused on improving patient outcomes and delighting our customers. We support customer workflows, access to patient management and clinical data, support patient engagement, and offer both UI and API based solutions backed by cloud-native microservices. The team works across virtually all functions in the company. We focus on complete, end-to-end ownership of the software development lifecycle.
  


 This role is open to remote candidates within the United States in Pacific Standard Time Zone.



    Who we are looking for:
  

    At ResMed we focus on capability and passion. We’re looking for an Associate Software Engineer to work with a talented development team in our Digital Health product development group. The ideal candidate will be a smart, motivated individual seeking an opportunity to work on large scale / high volume cloud native applications writing code that is optimized for high performance, high availability, and scalability.
  


    Let's talk about Responsibilities:
  



      Build best-in-class, cloud native applications that are reliable, scalable, and simple to use
    


      Collaborate day to day with a small team of software developers
    


      Pair with senior developers to design software solutions
    


      Increase technical skills and awareness of technical improvements
    


      Other tasks and responsibilities as assigned
    



    Let's talk about Qualifications and Experience:
  



      Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science or related field
    


      Minimum of 1 year of professional software development experience; equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered
    


      Must be able to code in Java
    


      Experience with Spring, Spring Boot
    


      An understanding of design patterns and algorithms
    


      Experience working within an Agile software development process, particularly Scrum
    



    Desirable:
  



      Experience developing on and deploying to AWS or other cloud providers.
    


      Experience with test driven development (TDD), continuous integration and knowledge of behavior driven development (BDD)
    


      Experience with Hibernate and relational databases
    


      Familiarity with NoSql databases, Docker
    


      Familiarity with Git
    


      Good problem-solving and analytical skills
    



    #LI-BV1
  

    #LI-remote
  


    Joining us is more than saying “yes” to making the world a healthier place. It’s discovering a career that’s challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!
  




We are seeking SDET’s for a Full Time, 100% remote position. **Candidates must reside in the U.S. and be a U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder.**
 Responsibilities:

Design and develop wide-reaching frameworks and design patterns to enable high velocity code delivery
Write code that automatically verifies the quality of the product and build out testing apis/services/tools that enable others to do so as well. 
Drive the strategy for testability of the product with understanding of customer usage models in real-world environments
Debug code, automate repetitive tasks, and implement/improve tools and frameworks needed to streamline our testing process.

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree with 5 + years of experience as Developer or SDET.
Strong ability to write effective code (Java, Spring, Web Services, HTML, JSP, Java Script, Servlets, Web Services, XML, AJAX, Microservices, SOA, REST, JSON.)
Strong experience with Agile development incorporating Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery, utilizing technologies such as GIT, Jenkins, Spinnaker, Datadog
Strong experience in building development and monitoring tools as an essential part of production system 
Mentoring with detailed source code reviews along with technical guidance to overall architecture and design

Preferred Qualifications:

Docker and/or Kubernetes experience 
Strong understanding of computer science fundamentals, algorithm design and data structures
Experience in Object Oriented Analysis, Design (OOAD) and development of software using UML Methodology, good knowledge of J2EE design patterns and Core Java design patterns

If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please send an updated resume for immediate consideration to bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com
 Bonnie Kutin Recruiter Comcentric Inc. bonnie.kutin@comcentric.com (805) 208-2137 direct

OPENTEXT - THE INFORMATION COMPANY

As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management.
The Opportunity
OpenText’s EnCase® is the most widely deployed DFIR (Digital Forensic and Incident Response) platform in the world and has been named “The Best Computer Forensic Solution” by SC Magazine for 10 years running. EnCase solves forensic security and investigatory needs for law enforcement, government agencies and enterprise customers using comprehensive forensic science, powerful evidence processing, and deep analysis.
The EnCase Engineering team seeks an experienced technical leader who is ready to lead and collaborate on the next generation of EnCase capabilities. We are looking for a senior engineer with extensive development and architecture experience.
You are great at:
Providing technical expertise and leadership in the design, development and delivery of enterprise security and forensic software, while adhering to strict timelines, coding guidelines, deliverables, and quality
Developing, testing and maintaining applications in accordance with specifications
Participating in product-related projects, as well as projects to improve processing and automation
Providing non-obvious solutions by researching problems while owning complex areas of the product, that require your ability to dive deep into the code
What it takes:
Minimum 7 years of C++ development
Demonstrated experience in developing multithreaded applications
Solid foundation in Windows OS architecture
Experience with user interface development
Ability to analyze and solve complex problems, to provide guidance and instruction to others
Ability to work independently to accomplish long-term, complex objectives
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
A passion for clean, extensible and maintainable design and architecture
Bachelor degree or higher in Computer Science or related field
DESIRED SKILLS:
Experience with non-Windows OS’s (UNIX, etc…)
Experience with file-system design
Experience with encryption standards
Experience with user interfaces (web-based, QT, WPF)
While OpenText is an Equal Opportunity Employer, our efforts to build an inclusive work environment go beyond simply complying with applicable laws. Our Employment Equity and Diversity Policy provides direction on maintaining a working environment that is inclusive of everyone, regardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, religion, or other basis protected by applicable laws. Should you require accommodations during the selection process, please contact accomodationrequests@opentext.com.
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, OpenText’s global vaccination policy requires all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 to enter an OpenText office to maintain a safe workplace for our employees.
Blast Motion is a team of driven professionals with a mission to help athletes, coaches, parents, and fans to enjoy the games of baseball, softball, golf, basketball, football and other sports like they never have before. We already have a world-class IP / patent portfolio, a set of committed investors from the internet, sports, and entertainment industries, and a passionate staff that aspires to bring a compelling user experience and ultimately success and happiness to our customers.
We develop state of the art intelligent inertial motion sensors, 3D motion analysis algorithms / signal processing, smartphone-based apps with 3D visualization and machine learning, and cloud computing for advanced analytics via a team / coach-oriented web portal. Through this chain of technology and refined solutions, our goal is to provide any aspiring or pro athlete a simple yet profound UX that enables them to improve rapidly through well founded sports science.
Blast Motion is already the official bat / swing sensor technology of Major League Baseball, and our technology is utilized by 85% of MLB Teams, hundreds of PGA pros, and all collegiate levels, from the Power 5 Conferences to Junior Colleges, along with thousands of high schools, elite travel teams, and organization customers for coaching, training, and recruiting. Blast Motion is now refining experience from these engagements and bringing them to aspiring athletes in ways that they can easily improve, rapidly and have fun in the process!
Blast Motion is a mid-staged startup based in beautiful Carlsbad, CA in a state of the art 20,000 sq. ft. facility including a sports science and usability lab, including state of the art optical machine vision systems.Position SummaryBlast Motion is hiring a Site Reliability Engineer to join our cloud engineering team.
We are looking for a motivated individual who prefers to live on the cutting edge of cloud infrastructure management, Application Performance Management (APM), and Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC).
An ideal candidate would have both software engineering experience as well as DevOps/Sysadmin experience however we are open to anyone passionate about creating organized, efficient, and scalable cloud infrastructure which is easy to deploy and maintain.Some things you might work on

Provision new AWS infrastructure with Terraform or Pulumi
Configure monitoring of deployed software with Elastic APM
Build CI/CD pipelines in Gitlab CI
Assist the architect and lead engineer with technology selection
Deploy and manage Feature-Flags with LaunchDarkly in order to reduce risk and enable continuous delivery
Configure alarms and alerts
Enable better security by configuring automated dependency vulnerability scanning
Convert legacy AWS infrastructure to IaC with Terraform

Other Responsibilities

Front-line for Production monitoring + response in case of issues
Works on the design of new features / functionality to ensure Security + Resiliency + Monitoring are baked into every release.
Works with QA to understand and rationalize the resiliency of systems prior to rollout
Works with PMO, Engineering on releases

Qualifications Required

2 years of experience as SRE, software engineer, or systems administrator
1 year of experience with Amazon Web Services
Comfortable working with Docker / Containers
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science/Computer Engineering or equivalent experience. Master’s degree preferred
some combination of Python, sh script, JavaScript experience
Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery and APM implementation experience
Active Green Card or U.S. citizenship
Pass background check and reference check

Bonus

AWS Certification (Foundational or Associate level)
HashiCorp Terraform experience
Gitlab CI/CD experience
Athletic/sports domain experience

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $135,000.00 - $145,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

COVID-19 considerations:We follow CDC guidelines to ensure a safe work environment.
Experience:

SRE, software engineer, or systems administrator: 2 years (Preferred)
Amazon Web Services: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Software Engineer
Putting the right location data, on the right map, for the right people, at the right time. That is how our work saves lives and protects property through Public Safety Location Intelligence™.
That may sound like a catchy tagline, but that is what we do working with leading-edge technologies and systems. Our team is looking for a top-quality Software Engineer to join us in building these vital capabilities.
About the roleYou have a unique opportunity to join a team that makes software solutions that truly make a difference. Successful candidates will demonstrate a passion for high-quality software, have strong engineering principles and systematic problem-solving skills.
The position is entirely remote, offers flexible schedules, generous benefits, and paid time off.

Design and develop software solutions
Participate in the collection of requirements, give estimations, and propose different approaches
Bring code quality and good practices, and perform deployment
Stay up-to-date with GIS software trends and emerging technologies

What we are looking for

3+ years of experience coding in Python and JavaScript
Experience with SQL databases, specifically PostgreSQL
Experience developing consumer-facing web or desktop applications
Highly flexible, independent thinking, and quick learning
Familiar with the development challenges inherent with highly scalable and available web applications
Knowledge of Agile software development methodologies and practices
Strong English communication skills, both verbal and written

What gives you an edge

A Bachelor's degree in a computer science-related field or Bachelor's degree along with solid and relevant experience
Experience with Geographical Information systems or geospatial data
Experience with open source technologies and containers

What you will do

Successfully delivery high quality web or desktop software solutions including requirements, code, and documentation on time and within scope
Contribute to development quality, including unit testing, peer review, and other quality activities as needed
Resolve defects/bugs during testing, pre-production, production, and post-release patches
Assist with the technical requirements definition of backlog items and create technical documentation as needed
Grow and apply technical skills in service to customers in public safety
Follow industry best practices and development process
Commit to team success and positive team dynamics
Promote the Company, its Mission, Core Values, programs, and achievements to the public and other employees.

Core Values

Customer Commitment
Continuous Improvement and Innovation
Sense of Urgency
Teamwork
Empowered Accountability

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all job duties performed.
Geo-Comm is an equal opportunity employer, and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, citizenship status, age, disability, marital status, familial status, sexual orientation, veteran status, public assistance status, or any other status protected by applicable law.
Geo-Comm Corporation provides a drug-free working environment.
Location: 601 W St Germain, Saint Cloud, MN 56301
Job Type: Full-time



Overview:



    Datatron is a cutting-edge, MLOps / ModelOps platform for machine learning model deployment, life-cycle management, and governance. Our vision is to give enterprises experience the tremendous benefits of AI by giving them state-of-the-art MLOps toolsets that are typically found in large cloud players. We are defining the future of model operations and we are just getting started. We are committed to models coming to life in production, and most importantly, staying alive and accurate.
   


    As more and more enterprise companies begin AI programs and leverage Machine Learning to help improve customer experiences and revenue, the opportunity has massive growth potential. Datatron is primed to capitalize on this opportunity. We have built a platform that has already solved major AI/ML pain points for Fortune 100 enterprise brands like Comcast and Domino’s. Datatron helps businesses get more AI/ML models into production faster, delivering business value in less time while providing critical governance for models in production.
   


    Respected industry analysts like Gartner, who have surveyed the competitive landscape, have indicated that Datatron’s product is at the vanguard of the pack. Backed by world-class tier-1 investors. We have proven value, demonstrated by our Fortune 100 clientele. We are in a growth phase and are scaling out teams across the company.
   


 Opportunity:



    As a 
   Principal Software Engineer on our team, you will be having the opportunity to range from technical to solution to integration architecture and help our senior and junior engineers to follow strong application design, distributed systems, and dependency management. You will play integrator for builds and releases, and identify improvements to SDLC automation based on your familiarity and research with new tools and techniques. You will also understand our functionality with enough expertise to work closely with customer technical staff when needed, to answer questions or escalated issues from our Customer Success team, or to guide implementation for new customer evaluations. Additionally, you will collaborate with data scientists and product designers to rapidly prototype new platform capabilities or user features, as well as handle hands-on coding for deep refactoring or cross-cutting sub-systems.
  


 Technical Skills:


 Someone with the breadth that 8+ years of coding brings, spending quality time at more than one end or tier of the stack.
 Python and JavaScript development are both pretty necessary though Scala, Go and SQL is a good supporting cast.
 People who also like being hands-on with software infrastructure, particularly Kubernetes, Terraform, Airflow, Postgres, and NGINX.
 People who have built APIs that were really used as APIs, and not just for the UI to do its job.
 You have some practical experience with performance optimization across distributed or elastic services.
 Use of AWS, Azure, or GCP managed services on occasion.
 Integrating Redis, Postgres, Mongo, and Kafka better with our platform as we keep extending our use cases.
 Of course, knowing something about ML and data science, but that's not necessarily required.



 What We Offer:


 A culture of growth with room to learn.
 Medical/dental/vision insurance plans.
 Unlimited PTO.
 100% remote work options.
 A talented team around you is equally committed to success.
 Gym reimbursement.
 401k.


 For more info, please visit www.datatron.com
   


    Datatron is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity very highly at our company. For us, diversity is the true key to innovation, and everyone in the Datatron family is equally embraced for their unique perspective and experiences. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
  


We’d love you to join our growing product and technology team whose mission is to create people-centric software experiences that empower our local news and digital partners. True to our purpose, we help small teams play big!
Be part of a digital media landscape in the midst of rapid change; our team is at the center of a new content, marketing, operations, and revenue-sustainable experience that puts product, people and performance first. You will be a key member of our digital subscriptions agile team focused on building reliable, trusted applications that engage with customers across the many US media markets in our portfolio, such as the Denver Post, San Jose Mercury News, the Boulder Daily Camera and the St. Paul Pioneer Press, as well as our Adtaxi digital marketing agency. Check out our local news portfolio to see if we operate in a market near you.
As part of the broader team, you will contribute to a culture that prioritizes continuous learning, autonomous decision making, agility, and pragmatism. Join us to kick-start your career at a company that offers substantial personal and professional growth opportunities via a hands-on learning approach and a flexible working style.
This is a fully remote role available in most states.*
About this Role
The Senior Software Engineer is a member of an agile team that solves customer or team problems by creating valuable, quality software with a continuous delivery focus. This role is responsible for building high quality, reliable, scalable product experiences by designing, developing, implementing, integrating, and maintaining customized and off-the-shelf solutions while leveraging best of class digital technology, partners, and platforms. The senior software engineer also must continually innovate and survey the marketplace to bring new digital technology, practices, and principles into the agile team and product experience. This role is expected to regularly collaborate with product management during definition and prioritization by brainstorming and envisioning the solution and providing a job size for prioritization, and works with project management throughout the agile delivery lifecycle. With a focus on shipping value quickly, the Senior Software Engineer frequently and creatively devises smaller deliverables and experiments to run to lower the cost and time to ship, without sacrificing quality.
Specifically, we are seeking an individual who is a leader comfortable with uncertainty, change, and figuring things out. We need someone who can assert themselves confidently, is not afraid of deadlines, and is willing to point out and implement improvements or fill gaps. Everyone on our team is an individual contributor, so be ready to roll up your sleeves and get things done.
Responsibilities / Impact: 
Hybrid tactical/strategic role in that the focus is still around performing hands-on activities and tasks, but provides more input on direction of projects, prioritization, scope, design, and job size. Impacts the agile team and the product area they are assigned to based on the JIRA stories they work on, but also impacts other business departments and product areas where system dependencies exist within a larger solution context. High-impact, complex stories that may have cross-team or partner dependencies outside the team scope. Can code review and provide deeper architectural insights impacting the team and beyond.
Main Accountabilities

Investigate, design, build and integrate new technologies for the company’s digital subscriptions platforms
Understand engineering best practices and how to apply them to complex new products in a largely undefined environment
Coordinate with engineering director to implement team guardrails and workflows
Help implement code testing
Work with other scrum teams on code integration and deployments
Review and provide recommendations on new technologies the company investigates; work with engineering leadership and team product managers to provide high-level insights on projects
Contribute to best practices for building sustainable products, including leading team code reviews and guarding against technical debt wherever possible
Create and update documentation
Provide feedback and recommendations on vendor relationships
Participate in cross-team leadership discussions with other senior/lead engineers and engineering management

Certifications, experience, training, education required

BS in Computer Science/Engineering or an intensive bootcamp
5+ years of relevant software development experience
Media experience preferred but not required
Experience working in an agile environment a plus

A*pplications / Platform knowledge required*

JavaScript
AWS microservices (Lambda, DynamoDB, API Gateway)
Node.js
High-level WordPress understanding (PHP)
oAuth 2.0
JWT
Experience with user management platforms such as Auth0 a strong plus
CSS
HTML
Unit testing
GIT
Continuous Integration (CircleCI)
Google AMP (not required)

Working Relationships / Stakeholders

Digital Subscriptions engineers
WordPress engineers
Mobile engineers
Product owners
Scrum masters
Content Technology director.

*Not available in Colorado.
https://digitalfirstmedia.wd5.myworkdayjobs.com/MNG/job/St-Paul-Minnesota/Software-Engineer--Sr-Digital-Subscriptions_R712-1
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $90,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Lambda, DynamoDB, API Gateway: 1 year (Preferred)
JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

The Senior Cloud Engineer

Full-time opportunity (direct hire)
Work is remote- prefer EST or CST time zones

Technical skills:

Linux
Cloud experience (Azure or GCP)
Automation (Python/Powershell/StackStorm/Ansible)
Elasticsearch
Prometheus
Grafana

Experience:

6+ years of experience in an enterprise infrastructure environment
Ability to mentor team members and partners
Experience in a public cloud environment, preferably Microsoft Azure and/or Google GCP
Experience deploying and supporting hybrid infrastructures of both private and public clouds
Solid scripting experience
Ability to contribute to the development of and maintain a cloud governance framework
Good understanding of networking concepts such as DNS, TCP/IP, VPN, basic routing, and firewalls
Understanding of cloud storage (block, object, and file)
Experience administering operating systems (Windows and/or Linux)
Ability to effectively communicate cloud concepts to our customers
Familiarity with on-prem server virtualization technologies, including VMWare, KVM, or HyperV
Ability to lead efforts with minimal supervision
Desire to learn and apply new technologies
Experience in configuring and managing Linux operating systems

Encore Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills, and experiences within our workforce.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $115,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Azure: 2 years (Required)
Google Cloud Platform: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

This is a great remote opportunity for a Senior Embedded Software Developer. In this role you will work on the lowest levels of the software stack directly interfacing with hardware such as BSPs, chip initialization, and programming the hardware to execute graphics operations. We are looking for problem solvers who can navigate parallel computing in safety certified environments.
You will be at the forefront of new software and hardware development for avionics, where you will learn state of the art graphics and compute APIs such as Vulkan/OpenCL/OpenGL. In this role you will develop and improve existing embedded graphics, compute drivers, customize our products for new embedded hardware and real-time operating systems, profile and optimize drivers and applications.
Additionally, you will create test cases and work with DO-178 OR ISO26262 for safety critical certification artifacts, write and review technical specifications while producing reliable, high quality, safety critical solutions.
The ideal candidate will have the following:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer/Software/Electrical/Mechatronics Engineering or related field
C++
DO-178 / ISO 26262
APIs such as Vulkan/OpenCL/OpenGL
Embedded operating systems such as (VxWorks, Integrity, Linux, Deos)

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

DO-178: 1 year (Preferred)
ISO 26262: 1 year (Preferred)
C++: 2 years (Preferred)
Embedded software: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Zachary Piper Solutions is seeking an AWS Cloud Engineer to to develop and support a project AWS cloud accounts, IAM Roles, and provide general support for program resources. (REMOTE)

 Job Duties

 Must have expertise with setting up greenfield AWS account setup as well as a Security First mindset in developing solutions. 
Will require close coordination with technical and DevOps teams as well as program leadership for risks/issues and mitigation techniques
 Implement the configuration management plan as directed by the Configuration Lead. 
Assist in the design of software configuration and customization to meet the business process design and application requirements.


 Qualifications

 Experienced in Kubernetes
 Experience in AWS
 Experienced in Windows/Linux Administration 
Experienced in Active Directory


 Compensation

 Salary ranges from 120k-160k based on experience.
 Full benefits to include medical, dental, vision, and 401k.


 Per our federal client, proof of US Citizenship is required. 



Kubernetes, Active Directory, Linux Administration, Windows Administration, K8s, automating deployment, scaling, and management of containerized applications, storage orchestration, automatic bin packing, cluster, source code, machine learning, aws, AWS, Amazon web services, Amazon Web Services, Windows, installing, managing, and upgrading Windows-based systems and servers, Linux, backups, file restores, disaster recovery, new system builds, hardware maintenance, automation, user maintenance, filesystem housekeeping, application installation and configuration, system security management, and storage management, Active directory, Schema master, Domain naming master, RID master, PDC emulator, Infrastructure master



Healthcare Training Leader, a fast-paced online medical training company headquartered in sunny Naples Florida, is looking for an experienced Backend WordPress Developer to build, manage, and enhance our eCommerce website.
You need to have experience with both frontend and backend coding languages for WooCommerce, WordPress, WooCommerce Plugins and content management systems such as LearnDash. It is critical that you can write custom code to solve for business problems when standard plugins will not achieve business objectives. You will be responsible for enhancing our website and making sure our website code is strong, stable, and secure.
*This position is for a full time employee based in the US and can be remote, hybrid or in-office depending on candidate preference and location. If you are a vendor, located outside of the US or looking for contract work, please do not apply.
Required Skills/Experience You’ll Need for Success: 

Strong knowledge developing and maintaining PHP code in WordPress & WooCommerce, and WooCommerce PlugIns.
Implement new requirements & plugins to enhance the site experience and conversion
Review, analyze, modify, create clean source code on the front and backend
Interface with third party APIs such as Google Analytics 4 and Microsoft Dynamics
Familiarity with optimization techniques for site speed and search
Testing and fixing bugs or other coding issues
Ability to work effectively with little supervision and strong attention to detail
Requires the ability to work on multiple projects at the same time
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to collaborate with other marketing members like email marketing & digital marketing
BONUS: Experience with WooMemberships, WooSubscriptions, WooTeams, bbPress & LearnDash, UX design skills would be a plus in this role

Benefits: 

Flexible, Paid Vacation & Holidays
Health Insurance
Education Reimbursement
Balance of Lifestyle
Monday-Friday 8-hour shift

Healthcare Training Leader Values: 
Healthcare Training Leader is a small, customer-centric and entrepreneurial minded team producing the most current, relevant and actionable content focused on solutions for small practices within the healthcare industry.
The culture at Healthcare Training Leader is built on our shared core values – People First, Own It, Tenacious Optimism, and Results. It is important that we all hold each other accountable to these values with every decision we make. These values should demonstrate who we are, not who we hope to be. They are defined as follows:
· PEOPLE FIRST: Every decision we make should have some level of positive impact on our customers and/or team. We work hard, and strive for balance between our lives in and out of the company.
· OWN IT:  When things are good we celebrate. When mistakes are made we stand up and are accountable for them, we work together to ferret out the issue and tackle it head on. We never hide from the truth.
· TENACIOUS OPTIMISM:  We do the best we can every time, and when that isn’t enough, we work harder & never give up on a project or mission if we believe in it. However, this doesn’t mean we wear blinders
· RESULTS:  The outcomes we achieve allow us to grow, identify opportunities, help our customers and ensure a strong, supportive where we want to be.
We hire, fire, review, reward, and recognize our teammates based on these characteristics, so it’s essential that you share these values in order to be part of our team. We work hard to live and breathe these values, so if you don’t embody them, it will seriously stand out. Better to know now.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Tuition reimbursement

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

COVID-19 considerations:Common surfaces sanitized regularly, masks available, & air purifier in conference room.
Language:

English (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Job Title: Software Development Engineer (C/C++) 
Job Location: US - Remote 
Qualifications :
Have a Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering 
Minimum 5+ years of strong programming experience with C/C++ in windows/Linux 
3 + years of Experience with industrial automation protocols such as OPC UA, Modbus, Ethernet/IP, Omron FINS, Siemens S7, Emerson/Fisher ROC, ABB Totalflow (DB/DB2). 
Experience writing, debugging multithreaded code.
Experience with unit test 
Experience of architecture and design for complex software systems. 
Familiarity and/or experience with communication protocols such as AMQP, MQTT
Familiarity and/or experience with TLS encryption, HTTPS, Certificates
Preferred Qualifications
Experience coding and developing advanced control systems in a variety of industries (i.e. Pharma & Food Processing, Oil & Gas, Marine , Utilities.). Related fields where system programming in Building Automation or Systems Telecommunication is also acceptable. 
Experience with cloud IoT platforms such as AWS and Azure is a plus 
Strong understanding of security across devices, connectivity, cloud, and user interfaces.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Salary: $65.00 - $70.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Experience:

Programming C/C++ in windows/Linux: 5 years (Preferred)
Ethernet/IP, Omron FINS: 5 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


Senior Software Engineer, Commerce Frontend Engineering & Tech Operations | Remote - US
 This position is not eligible for employment in the following states: Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, Mississippi, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, West Virginia and Wyoming.
 Our agreement with employees DocuSign is committed to building trust and making the world more agreeable for our employees, customers, and the communities in which we live and work. You can count on us to listen, be honest, and try our best to do what's right, every day. At DocuSign, everything is equal. We each have a responsibility to ensure every team member has an equal opportunity to succeed, to be heard, to exchange ideas openly, to build lasting relationships, and to do the work of their life. Best of all, you will be able to feel deep pride in the work you do, because your contribution helps us make the world better than we found it. And for that, you'll be loved by us, our customers, and the world in which we live.
 The team Our Engineering team builds and operates complex solutions for global business challenges that cross cultures, legal jurisdictions, and impacts millions of people and businesses every day. We hire people with a broad set of skills and people who want to work on creating never-been-done-before solutions at scale while ensuring world-class reliability and security. Our Agreement Cloud is a revolutionary solution that changes the way people live, work, and come to an agreement.
 This position DocuSign is looking for a highly motivated Senior Software Engineer to join our Digital Experience team under the Marketing vertical. The Senior Software Engineer will execute on all aspects of the software development lifecycle including design, development, testing, deployment, and maintenance of the e-commerce application. You enjoy fast-paced entrepreneurial environments where you can solve difficult problems using current technologies and tools. You collaborate well with other team members when brainstorming, designing, and implementing new solutions. You will also help the team succeed by thinking about ways to improve processes, suggesting ways to make the team more effective, and mentoring and modeling engineering best practices.
 This position is an individual contributor role reporting to the Sr. Engineering Manager and is designated Flex.
 Responsibilities

Create high-quality, user-focused experiences with React/Node
Maintain and develop automated tests for your code
Participate in an Agile environment using Scrum software development practices, automated unit testing, CI/CD, code reviews, version control systems (GIT)
Raise issues proactively that might impact delivery commitments
Diagnose and resolve production impacting issues and maintain the code as needed

Basic qualifications

BS degree in CS or equivalent work experience
8+ years of professional experience building single-page applications (SPA)
Coding and design experience in React/Node using TypeScript
Experience working with CSS
Experience working with cross-browser behaviors and quirks
Experience of creating accessible web apps
Experience building REST/GraphQL APIs

Preferred qualifications

Working knowledge of user authentication and authorization
Passion for learning and working with new technologies
Strong understanding of design
Experience leading distributed teams including offshore
Product development experience building large scale web applications
Experience designing and developing highly scalable consumer-facing web applications
Care deeply about writing high-performance, reusable code for components that will be used across our product
Passionate about creating an inclusive and accessible user experience
Familiarity with SaaS eCommerce and multichannel web marketing
Experience with internationalization and localization
Experience with server-side technologies like Node.js
Experience working with Headless CMS

Based on Colorado law, the following details are for Colorado individuals only: Colorado base salary range: $130,800 - $184,800 and eligible for bonus, equity and benefits at https://www.docusign.com/company/benefits.
 Vaccination requirement DocuSign may require all employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and provide proof of vaccination to visit a DocuSign office, to meet with potential or actual customers or business partners, or for other business-related purposes, in accordance with local law. Please note that DocuSign has contracts with different governments globally which may require compliance with local and federal laws.
 About us DocuSign helps organizations connect and automate how they prepare, sign, act on and manage agreements. As part of the DocuSign Agreement Cloud, DocuSign offers eSignature, the world's #1 way to sign electronically on practically any device, from almost anywhere, at any time. Today, over a million customers and more than a billion users in over 180 countries use the DocuSign Agreement Cloud to accelerate the process of doing business and simplify people's lives. And we help save the world's forests and embrace environmental sustainability.
 It's important to us that we build a talented team that is as diverse as our customers and where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging and thrive. We encourage great talent who bring a range of perspectives to apply for our open positions. DocuSign is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes hiring decisions based on experience, skill, aptitude and a can-do approach. We will not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, age, sex, religion, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, physical or mental disability, registered domestic partner status, caregiver status, marital status, veteran or military status, or any other legally protected category.
 Accommodations DocuSign provides reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in job application procedures, including if you have any difficulty using our online system. If you need such an accommodation, you may contact us at accommodations@docusign.com.
 #LI-Remote



  Description: 
   The Database Developer is key member of an Agile development team building the next generation of our SAAS platform.
 Duties and Responsibilities:

 Provides significant contributions to the brand-new codebase
 Help coordinate development efforts between the in house, onshore team and the offshore dev teams
 Collaborate with the team to help make and implement architecture decisions
 Provide technical guidance to more junior team members as needed
 Help translate business goals into actionable code
 Meet Strategic and Tactical development and architecture goals as defined by the team
 . Requirements: 
   Required Skills/Abilities:

 Must be self-starter, independent, motivated, detail and quality oriented, proud of the product(s) he/she develops, and a real team player
 We are an Agile shop, both in our SDLC and our thinking, and you should be as well
 Top notch written and verbal communications skills
 BS in Computer Science, Engineering or other relevant STEM degree, Masters preferred
 At least 5+ years of diversified experience working with MS SQL SERVER. Our current state is MSSQL 2008, and our target state is MSSQL 2016. Tell me where you fit in.
 Must have PostgreSQL experience
 Spark and Hadoop needed
 Scala knowledge is a plus
 Considerable experience with complex ETL code
 Experience building highly complex, high performance transactional databases
 Experience with writing stored procedures, triggers, functions and complex analytical queries,
 Experience in tuning complex queries
 Good programming experience in any scripting language
 Considerable experience with Azure
 Experience in the Health Care industry
 Deep knowledge of SAAS platforms
 Experience in any of the following: C#.Net, Any JavaScript framework.
 Knowledge of Windows Server technologies
 Significant experience with any other of the technologies listed in the full version of our stack.




Vectorform is known as a dynamic and creative company specializing in the creation of emerging digital experiences for the world's leading brands. As a team of designers, engineers, entrepreneurs, and intellectuals, Vectorform's mission is to invent products, services, and processes that result in meaningful and exceptional human experiences.

 The Web Developer position at Vectorform calls for a great deal of versatility and understanding of complete front end development that allows our innovative applications to render correctly over a given set of platforms. The primary duties include the estimation, planning and implementation of web sites and web applications utilizing React, Typescript, CSS, and web services. 5+ years experience is preferred. 



Day to Day Responsibilities:

 Front end web development
 Building digital experiences from the ground up, as well as implementing new features, fixing bugs, and improving performance of existing applications
 Task estimation and planning
 Attend and participate in Project Stand Ups, Sprint Reviews and client meetings
 Work autonomously or in a team environment

 What’s Necessary:


 5+ years of experience
 React
 TypeScript
 JavaScript
 Node
 API Integrations
 Git
 Responsive Layouts
 HTML/CSS
 Attention to detail, good problem solver and debugging skills


 Nice to have but not necessary:

 Experience using Atlassian products: Confluence and Jira
 Bootstrap
 Azure or AWS experience.
 React Native
 Postman


 Innovation thrives when it’s informed by diverse perspectives and people. Vectorform is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran, or disability status.

 Our Benefits:
 

 Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance
 Life, & Disability Insurance
 HSA and FSA options
 401k with company match
 Maternity and paternity time off
 Free financial assistance with advisors
 Remote work
 Flexible work schedule options
 Sabbatical Program
 Paid vacation time, holidays, and unlimited sick time


 Our Invention Manifesto
 
 At Vectorform, invention isn’t just an opportunity; It’s a responsibility to express our ideas and be the fuel that drives the human condition forward. Whether we’re inventing new digital solutions, transforming organizations, or forging new firms, we are obsessive about improving the world and how people experience it.



Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

DescriptionFounded in 1994, Hylink is an internationally-awarded, integrated, independent digital advertising agency that believes smart thinking equals endless possibilities. Hylink is headquartered in Beijing and Los Angeles, with offices located across London, New York, Paris, Munich, Shanghai, and Bogota. Hylink’s work is known for being deeply rooted in technological evolution and innovation. Renowned for repeatedly pushing advertising benchmarks, we constantly strive for digital innovation.Hylink is a leader in working with industries of all shapes and sizes. Over the past two decades, we have grown to a team of 2,600 digitally minded-professionals worldwide, earning our reputation as the Home of Integrated Marketing. A consistent Effie, Campaign, The Drum, Shorty, Webby, and Cannes winner, our work values the best inter-disciplinary thinkers and doers in advertising.Our objective for you is simple: Do the best work of your life.
RequirementsResponsibilities:

Collaborate with product development teams and business leaders to provide solutions and development initiatives
Manage team of developers, QA, DevOps, TPM and Scrum Master
Serve as the primary liaison between internal teams and clients
Create interfaces for users, language and technical contribution
Provide technical guidance/solutions and implement best practices and standards for the team
Guide team members to enhance technical capabilities and increase productivity
Assist the development team with blockers and programmatic issues
Conduct code reviews and provide feedback to improve the overall state of the team
Assist the Media team with issues on Google Analytics/ Google Tag Manager
Provide EDevOps with best solutions for CI/CD implementations and server configuration, backups, documentation and role access
Hold 1:1 meetings with development team to implement solutions to any issues
Assist the Scrum Master during daily standups, backlog refinement and grooming sessions
Review upcoming candidate profiles and attend interviews as required
Communicate with product owners and across functions, influence product development
Improve current frameworks and design/build extensible systems
Build strategies and production level code focusing on long term maintainability

Qualifications:

A graduate of a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program in Computer Science, Software Engineering or any related field or experience
8+ years of software engineering experience
4+ years of experience in a technical management experience of software engineers
Advanced understanding of business analysis techniques and processes
Extensive knowledge and experience working with operating systems
Experience collaborating with cross-functional departments
Experience with translating technical concepts into language for software engineers and business leaders
Demonstrated ability to lead and manage multiple projects with a broad range of internal and external constituents, simultaneously.
Demonstrated ability to think strategically about complex issues and develop recommendations and action plans.
Assertive and confident to voice authority and do what is best for the team

BenefitsHylink’s Benefits (Location Dependent):

401K with No-match employer contribution
Healthcare ( Dental+Vision)
Annual Company Outing
In-Office Massages
Birthday Bucks
Free Gym Membership
DTO
Access Perks
Pet Care
Auto Care
Hybrid Working Schedule
Charity Match

Job Type: Full-time

Genesys Cloud CX (Genesys Cloud/PureCloud) Engineer
Client provides infrastructure and call center technology services and solutions to clients throughout Wisconsin and the Midwest.Through our partnership and certifications with leading technology providers including Citrix, Cisco, Genesys, IBM and Microsoft, our customers receive the highest quality of product and service the industry has to offer.The Cloud Engineer will serve as an engineer on Client’s Customer Care Professional Services team providing both implementation and post implementation support.This role will closely interact with both Field & Support Engineering aligning strategic objectives to provide “world class services” while maintaining the highest level of quality.Apply technical experience in associated technology field to resolve complex problems.Incorporate advanced technical practices into processes, procedures and tools associated with service delivery.Assist in determining solutions to complex problems and be recognized as having expertise in a technical area.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Responsible for design, configuration, implementation, and support of IVR/ACD scripts for Genesys CloudSolutions
Responsible for administration and support of Genesys Cloud solutions
Coordinate and write technical papers, articles, standard operating procedures and best practices
Perform in-depth analysis combining complex technical and business issues, sometimes involving fast-paced, business-critical, high profile problem solving.
Ability to balance both support and project work when applicable; able to meet support/project milestones
Collaborates with Technical Account Managers, Project Managers & Sales where applicable.
Support testing effort

PRIMARY/ESSENTIAL SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

2+ years experience in Genesys Cloud CX (Purecloud) technology
Genesys Cloud CX certification is a plus
Knowledge of Media / Voice gateway knowledge is a plus
Knowledge of SIP Protocol implementation and support Preferred
Excellent client service attitude and team focus
Understand best practices for a service organization
Development Skills/certifications as a plus are:

o Java/Java Scripto HTMLo Rest WEB Serviceso Genesys Cloud CX API’so Microsoft SQL Servero Web-services, 3rdparty API’s
SECONDARY/OPTIONAL SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

1+ years experience in network administration and support is a Plus
.NET development or C# Experience is a Plus

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $135,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote


Web Designer
 Finalsite, the preferred website, communications, enrollment and marketing platform of 8,000+ schools worldwide, is seeking to hire a Front-end Web Designer who will be responsible for creating effective designs for our clients in close collaboration with Project Managers and Front-end Developers. The Designer will understand and work well within clearly defined project constraints, including client goals, accessibility guidelines, branding requirements, technical considerations, project budget, and timeline.
 This is a full-time, creative position in a motivating, supportive and fast-paced environment. Our company is headquartered in Glastonbury, Connecticut. If you would like to be considered for the position, please submit your CV and links to an online portfolio or personal website.
 Responsibilities:

 Design unique, purposeful and award-winning front-end responsive client websites
Collaborate with Front-end Developers to integrate each design solution with Finalsite’s Content Management System (CMS)
Create comprehensive visual systems for each client
Take creative control of projects, serving as the key point of contact for project design direction and decisions
Create new front-end design solutions and work within existing structures
Assist in the execution and maintenance of internal design needs such as Theme designs (our website templates), shared base files, and more
Consult with clients over the phone, via Zoom, and in writing to provide direction and leadership, communicating persuasively and welcoming them into our design process
Interact closely with various team members (internal, freelance, and outside agencies)

 Qualifications, and Skills:

 At least 4 years of professional front-end web design experience
Proficiency in Figma, our design, prototyping, and developer handoff tool, experience with Sketch and Adobe Creative Suite a bonus
Knowledge of front-end web design, experience working with schools, project management experience, and experience with accessible design preferred
Proficiency in hand-coding HTML, CSS, & JavaScript a bonus
An excellent portfolio of digital work

 Competencies Required:

 A sharp eye for detail and highly developed organizational skills, including the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and meet deadlines
Sound judgment in determining both the strategic and tactical approaches for project-specific design initiatives
Able to react and adjust quickly to changing conditions
Excellent communication skills; able to communicate effectively and articulately in writing and orally
Strong customer focus with the ability to maintain effective working relationships internally and externally and relate well to people from diverse groups
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and juggle multiple priorities
Solid problem solving skills with the ability to think quickly and creatively when required, assess a situation and make a sound decision
Solid listening, organization, attention to detail, and priority setting skills
Ability to work and produce in a team environment when required as well as being able to work without supervision

 We are an equal opportunity employer, celebrate workforce diversity, and are committed to an inclusive environment for all employees. If you would like to know more about us please visit our website www.finalsite.com
 This is a remote position.
 
