


About the team Finding your dream home is only the first step in the home-buying process. On the Zillow Mortgages team, we are building products to help educate and empower people through the process of financing their home. Do you want to make a huge impact on lots of real users' lives while working on a small, fast-moving, technology-forward team? If you answered yes, this is the role for you.
  
 About the role
 As a Senior Software Development Engineer, you’ll lead the delivery and ongoing support of projects from end-to-end. In addition, you will:

 Contribute to the design of new features.
 Review the code of your peers
 Advocate for standard methodologies
 Facilitate engineering discussions
 Mentor junior engineers
 Participate in an inclusive, energetic and highly multi-functional team.

 This role has been categorized as a Remote position. “Remote” employees do not have a permanent corporate office workplace and, instead, work from a physical location of their choice which must be identified to the Company. Employees may live in any of the 50 US States, with limited exceptions. In certain cases, an employee in a remote-designated job may need to live in a specific region or time zone to support customers or clients as part of their role.
   In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is $144,000.00 - $230,000.00 Annually. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.
  
 Who you are
 Wondering if we're the right team for you? You'll excel in this team if you thrive on autonomy, seek out persistent problems, implement effective solutions quickly, and you are:

 A Software Development Engineer with 5+ years of experience with modern development technologies like ES6, React, Typescript that are used to deliver front-end user interfaces.
 Recognized as a technical leader on your team for several years and have an impact beyond your team.
 Passionate about setting standard methodologies and raising the bar for testing, code quality, and maintainability - not only for the team but for the entire engineering organization.
 Ready to improve your skills, solve complex engineering problems, and advance your career!
 Here at Zillow - we value the experience and perspective of candidates with non-traditional backgrounds. We encourage you to apply if you have transferable skills or related experiences.

 In addition to a competitive base salary this position is also eligible for equity awards based on factors such as experience, performance and location.
  
 Get to know us
 Zillow is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life’s next chapter.

 As the most-visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates help movers find and win their home through digital solutions, first class partners, and easier buying, selling, financing and renting experiences. Millions of people visit Zillow Group sites every month to start their home search, and now they can rely on Zillow to help make it easier to move. The work we do is helping people move from dreaming to transacting — and no matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality.
 Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction are supported by a deep-rooted culture of innovation, our passion to redefine the employee experience, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. We’re also setting the standard for work experiences of the future, where our employees are supported in doing their best work and living a flexible, well-balanced life. But don’t just take our word for it. Read recent reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: the 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2022 list, Glassdoor Employees’ Choice Award, honoring the Best Places to Work in 2022, Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 2022, Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equity Index and Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality 2022, and TIME 100 Most Influential Companies list. 

Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please contact us at RecruitingAccessibility@zillowgroup.com.

 Applicants who receive job offers from Zillow Group will be asked to sign a Proprietary Rights Agreement which includes confidentiality, intellectual property assignment, customer and employee non-solicitation, and non-competition provisions. If you are contacted for a role at Zillow Group and wish to review a copy of the Proprietary Rights Agreement prior to receiving an offer, you may request a copy from your Recruiter.

 See what information we collect about you.



Requisition ID: R10044404

Category: Engineering 
Location: San Diego, California, United States of America 
Citizenship Required: United States Citizenship 
Clearance Type: Secret 
Telecommute: Yes-May consider hybrid teleworking for this position 
Shift: 1st Shift (United States of America) 
Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the Time 
Positions Available: 2 



   At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work — and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.
    Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems is looking for an Associate Engineer or Engineer Software to support the organization in San Diego, CA.
 Roles and Responsibilities Include:

 Design, develop, debug, and document a test automation framework that supports verification of real time embedded software on the Vehicle Management System.
 Develop and conduct formal requirements based testing using manual and automated test procedures
 Analyze discrepancies in software, requirements, and test procedures and use analytical skills to report and resolve issues.
 Troubleshoot and modify test tools and test scripts.
 Work with the lead test engineer and peers, as well as a team of systems engineers and software developers to establish and develop test methods and techniques.
 Technical customer liaison for test procedure walkthroughs during peer reviews and answering questions related to formal qualification test results and analyses.

 ***This requisition may be filled at either an Associate Engineer Software level or Engineer Software level ***
 Basic Qualifications Associate Engineer Software:

 Bachelor of Science (BS) in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics (STEM) discipline with 0+ years Software Engineering experience
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Basic Qualifications Engineer Software:

 Bachelors in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) discipline with 2 years engineering related experience, OR Master’s in STEM with 0 years of Software Engineering experience.
 Experience in C and C++ Object-Oriented Design and Development
 Experience with Python
 Must have US Citizenship
 Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret Clearance and SAP (Special Access Programs)
 Must have reliable means to get to work on time every workday - taxis or ridesharing services not permitted

 Preferred Qualifications:

 Excellent communication and organizational skills
 Strong interpersonal and analytic skills
 Proficiency in C#, C/C++, and Python
 Familiarity with XML and XML schemas
 Experience developing User Interfaces using WPF and XAML
 Familiarity with Model–view–viewmodel (MVVM) software architectural pattern
 Preferred knowledge of an agile software development environment using agile engineering applications such as Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, & Crucible.
 Active Secret Clearance.





Salary Range: $68,100 USD - $102,100 USD
  

Salary Range 2: $82,400 USD - $123,600 USD
  



   Employees may be eligible for a discretionary bonus in addition to base pay. Annual bonuses are designed to reward individual contributions as well as allow employees to share in company results. Employees in Vice President or Director positions may be eligible for Long Term Incentives. In addition, Northrop Grumman provides a variety of benefits including health insurance coverage, life and disability insurance, savings plan, Company paid holidays and paid time off (PTO) for vacation and/or personal business.
   



The health and safety of our employees and their families is a top priority. The company encourages employees to remain up-to-date on their COVID-19 vaccinations. U.S. Northrop Grumman employees may be required, in the future, to be vaccinated or have an approved disability/medical or religious accommodation, pursuant to future court decisions and/or government action on the currently stayed federal contractor vaccine mandate under Executive Order 14042 https://www.saferfederalworkforce.gov/contractors/.
 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit http://www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.






Your Job


    At Indeed we are building a smart, intuitive and insightful Ads Platform that enables data-informed decision making and seamless end-to-end management of all job postings.
  

    The Ads Relevance team is working on modeling and optimization for onsite and offsite display ads.
  


 We are looking for engineers that will be able to:



 Deliver high-quality, maintainable, and reusable software systems
 Experience breaking down work on complex problems.
 Passionate about using data-driven approaches to solve the challenging problems in advertising.
 Have strong ownership of your work and the problems you solve.
 Naturally collaborate and help make others around you successful.


 Who You Are


 Experience with Agile, Object Oriented modeling, web services, middleware and database.
 BS in Computer Science or related area, or relevant work experience.
 2+ years of experience in Software development


 Who we are


    The Enterprise business organization is focused on delivering value for Indeed’s largest customers. We are driven by Indeed’s mission to help all people get jobs by helping enterprise employers make the best hires, at scale. Our work is very important to us as Enterprise employers are consistently rated among the top places to work globally. Our approach is multi-faceted with many dedicated product and engineering professionals driving innovation with our biggest clients in mind.
  

 Our Mission


    As the world’s number 1 job site*, our mission is to help people get jobs. We strive to cultivate an inclusive and accessible workplace where all people feel comfortable being themselves. We're looking to grow our teams with more people who share our enthusiasm for innovation and creating the best experience for job seekers.
  

 (*comScore Total Visits, September 2021)
  

 Salary Range Disclaimer


    The base salary range represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary depending on factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include quarterly bonuses, Restricted Stock Units (RSUs), an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.
  

 Salary Range Transparency


    US Remote 109,000 - 159,000 USD per year
  

 Equal Opportunities and Accommodations Statement


    Indeed is deeply committed to building a workplace and global community where inclusion is not only valued, but prioritized. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, family status, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, neuro-diversity, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other non-merit based or legally protected grounds.
  


 Indeed is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in the employment application process. To request an accommodation, please contact Talent Attraction Help at 
   1-855-567-7767, or by email at TAhelp@indeed.com at least one week in advance of your interview.
  

 Fair Chance Hiring



 We value diverse experiences, including those who have had prior contact with the criminal legal system. We are committed to providing individuals with criminal records, including formerly incarcerated individuals and individuals with arrest or conviction records, a fair chance at employment. We also comply with state and local requirements such as the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
  

 Our Policies and Benefits


    View Indeed's Applicant Privacy and Accessibility Policies - https://www.indeed.com/legal/indeed-jobs
  

    Learn about our global employee perks, programs and benefits - https://benefits.indeed.jobs/
  


 Where legally permitted, Indeed requires all individuals attending or working out of Indeed offices or visiting Indeed clients to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. For positions that can only be performed at an Indeed office, candidates must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and present acceptable proof of vaccination by the date of hire as a condition of employment. Indeed will consider requests for reasonable accommodation as required under applicable law. To qualify as being fully vaccinated against COVID-19 there should have been a two week period after receiving the second dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a 2-dose COVID-19 vaccine series, or a two week period after receiving a single-dose (or any government recommended booster shot) in a single dose COVID-19 vaccine.
  

 Reference ID: 33949


 The Mom Project is excited to partner with Amazon Prime to support their DE&I initiatives and the support those looking to return to the workforce. To qualify, candidates must be out of the paid workforce or underemployed for minimally a 12-month period. 
 Are you ready to restart your career and build the future? The Amazon Returnship Program offers you an opportunity to reboot your skills, refresh your resume with new experience, and relaunch your journey toward your professional goals in a supportive, real-world environment. 
 This is a 16-week, paid and benefit-eligible, virtual employment opportunity. The successful candidate will meet all of the basic qualifications of this position and can reside anywhere within the United States. Upon successful completion of the returnship, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. In addition to successfully completing the returnship requirements, offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to a within commuting distance of the assigned work location office. Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities. 
 Come build the future as a Software Development Engineer (SDE) at Amazon, where you will be inspired working alongside best-in-class inventors and innovators. You’ll create meaningful experiences that deliver on the ever-evolving needs of our customers, and your work will impact millions of people around the world. As an Amazon software engineer, you will solve unique and complex problems at a rapid pace, utilizing the latest technologies to create solutions that are highly scalable. 
 QUALIFICATIONS & ELIGIBILITY 
 2+ years of non-internship professional software development experience 
 Programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented designExperience in both automation and manual testing 
 1+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems. 
 Must be unemployed or underemployed for 1+ years 
 Upon successful completion of the Returnship Program, candidates may receive, but are not guaranteed, an offer for full-time employment. Offers for full-time employment are contingent upon business need and the candidate’s advance commitment to relocate, if necessary, to within commuting distance of the assigned office location (New York, NY; Arlington, VA; Austin, TX; Boulder, CO; Nashville, TN; Santa Monica, CA; Seattle, WA). Relocation assistance is provided for full-time employment opportunities.Returnship candidates should not currently be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate or graduate degree program.

Salary: $120,000 - 170,000/year
We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer (Golang) who will help drive our system’s evolution to join our team. The role will be an integral part of the Video Streaming and Engineering team, working with video engineers to build and release products for various platforms like Desktop, OTT, Mobile. The candidate will be responsible for building, deploying and managing Video Encoding and Delivery applications in cloud (AWS/GCP).
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Work with other engineers to maintain and evolve our Video encoding and Video delivery platform.
Plan, Design and Build out cloud-based microservices to support video processing workflows.
Field questions and requests regarding APIs and behavior.
Work closely with the QA coordinator to facilitate playback testing across a variety of devices.
Work with other developers and operations team on streamlined CI/CD solutions.
Help in building the shared libraries and architecture to be used across all services.
Work with video engineers in team to modernize and optimize our cloud video Delivery platform
Building new microservices, features and improving Video Delivery, Content Filtering solutions for Paramount+
Responsible for Video Packaging & Delivery.
Work with development teams on re-architecture/modernizing existing systems into the cloud.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 

4+ years of experience as a Software Engineer
Experience with writing microservices in Golang and building shared microservice libraries.
Experience with container technology and management such as Docker.
Experience writing services from scratch in Go Programming language.
Experience working with Cloud/SaaS services such as Amazon AWS or Google Cloud
Strong written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Skills: 
· Graphics: Existing knowledge of Vulkan graphics would be highly preferred. Alternatives would be OpenGL (any version), CUDA, OpenCL, and GLSL. But at a minimum all of the resources must have a desire to learn graphics programming (client would provide training materials) and come up to speed quickly to be able to contribute.
· C Programming: At least 5+ years of solid experience and a superior understanding of the C programming language
· Writing Ability: Strong written English language skills
· Software Tools: Proficiency in using GIT & Microsoft Visual Studio 2013
· DO178 experience is a plus, but NOT required. The primary skill set they want is experience programming graphics-based systems
Job Description: 
This program requires help developing and testing Low Level Requirements per DO-178C
1) Low-Level Requirements Formal Reviews
a. Input: draft low-level requirements for software
b. Process: Conduct & participate in formal reviews of low-level requirements using criteria that will be provided by client
c. Output: Completed Review Checklists (template/system provided by client)
2) Formally Review LLR Test Cases
a. Input: Test Case Procedure documents and the related Test Code
b. Process: Review the document and the code for any potential issues or missed coverage.
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
3) Create Low Level Requirements (LLR) Test Cases
a. Input: LLRs
b. Process: Write a test procedure document in plain English that describes the test and expected outcomes. Write test code/script as the actual test code that will be executed to meet the test procedure.
c. Ensure tests run successfully.
d. Output: Test Case Procedure documents, Test Code
4) Formal Code Reviews
a. Input: Source code for identified client Vulkan products (drivers and libraries), client’s Software Coding Standards document
b. Process: Review assigned parts of the source code against requirements, the coding standards, and for any bugs or other issues
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

C: 5 years (Required)
Vulkan Graphics or similar (i.e OpenGL, Cuda, OpenCL, GLSL): 3 years (Required)
GIT: 2 years (Required)
Visual Studio: 2 years (Required)
Knowledge or DO-178 or other Avionic Standards: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Our client's consumer team is looking for a skilled Senior JavaScript Engineer who can help drive the efficiency with which we deliver and evolve our industry leading products. The frontend team is focused on building out cutting edge architecture which is optimized for performance and used by millions daily. Come help us solve hard problems and make the user experience the best in the industry!
What You'll Do:

Work in a fast-paced environment that allows you to push to production daily
Make continuous improvements to site performance and UX
Add new features to enhance overall UI
Be deeply engaged in the full development lifecycle: design, code, test, deploy
Have a say in architectural design decisions and technology selection
Collaborate with your colleagues in a fun, easy-going atmosphere

Who You Are:

3+ years of experience, ideally in fast paced environments;
Deep understanding of modern javascript design patterns
Experience with ReactJS or similar.
Passionate about performant, extensible code
Self-led, capable of working with little direction
Skilled communicator with a collaborative spirit

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Front-end development: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
ReactJS: 3 years (Required)
HTML: 3 years (Required)
CSS: 3 years (Required)
scale and performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.


Data Systems Software Engineer
About Danger Devices
Danger Devices Inc. is a growing, fabless semiconductor start-up headquartered in San Jose,California. We aim to deliver best-in-class products to our customers with industry-leading design cycle times. We do that with our revolutionary, modernized approach focusing on software to increase productivity in all areas from integrated circuit design all the way to testing and data analysis.
Contribute to our industry leading team of circuit experts and software specialists. We are actively looking for software engineers to strengthen our team.
Logistics
Location(s):

Greensboro, NC
Remote (NC, CA, WA, other states negotiable)

Reports To:

Data Systems team lead

Types available:

Full-time
Internship (paid)

What you'll do at Danger Devices: 
Using skills and experience with software development and data analysis you will help to build an automated workflow of data from RFIC testdata to compliance reports, charts, and other means of analysis.
You will accomplish this through the following responsibilities:

Maintaining, supporting, and improving upon internal EDA plotting software tools
Automating the generation of product validation reports
Developing creative solutions for data analysis
Improving efficiencies from test data collection through analysis
Automating everything as possible, including DevOps activities, test data flow, etc
Working across several other teams and departments to improve data quality and flow
Jumping in and solving problems at various levels of product development
Other duties as deemed necessary by leadership

The skillset you'll bring to Danger Devices: 
A core value of the company is innovation - and we firmly believe that innovation can only occur when we're all willing to learn. You are an avid and curious learner with:

Software competence with Python, SQL, shell scripting and other languages/tools
Familiarity with data analysis methodologies
Excellent critical thinking skills
Preferred:
BS/MS in Computer Science, related discipline from accredited College or

University, or sufficient experience

Experience using Google BigQuery or other data warehousing solutions

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, Temporary, Internship
Pay: $60,000.00 - $145,204.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Application Question(s):

Are you interested in full-time or part-time/internship?

Experience:

Python: 1 year (Preferred)
data engineering/analysis: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Remote Front End Engineer - Remote 
  
   We have been in business for 45 yrs! Our portfolio consists of 12,000 global brands & 1,750 global retailers & distributors. We are widely profitable and make 3-4 acquisitions a year! We have 30% year over year growth.
   
 Despite our rapid growth, we have kept a people first & employee first culture. In fact, our Engineering organization is led by an industry leader who has had ZERO attrition. We did not lay off ONE PERSON in 2020 or 2021 and we paid bonuses to our staff before our executives got any! We are a fast paced environment and looking for people who want to scale, build long term careers and RETIRE with us!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop/enhance front-end user interface
Be a part of a larger development team, interface with Product,, DevOps, QA and Project teams
Understand requirements/code/test high-quality web apps
Take wireframes from conception-to-implementation
Use Agile/Kanban methodologies for SDLC
Maintain work backlog through JIRA
Collaborate with team members across locations and time zones

 What You Need for this Position

Angular
JavaScript
CSS
HTML/XHTML
JSON

 What's In It for You

16 Days PTO + 3 Floating Days + 7 other holidays! Your PTO rolls into the next calendar year, too! We also have 2 volunteer days per year!
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, Adoption Leave: 4 weeks for primary caregiver)
Tuition reimbursement $3,000 per year max, $5,000 lifetime max eligibility requirements include 1 year of employment with us before enrollment 
Financial Wellness programs (fully funded by us) through SmartDollar 
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance available 
Employee referral bonuses 
Identity Theft Protection (premium dependent on options selected)


    So, if you are a strong Front End Engineer with experience in Angular, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 

Company Description  Since we first opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely – and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take a payment and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn’t work together. So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions – to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, run a busy kitchen, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. And across it all, we’ve embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow all in one place.  Today, we’re a partner to sellers of all sizes – large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex commerce operations, sellers just starting out, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers scale, so do our solutions. We all grow together.   There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We’re building a business that is big, meaningful, and lasting. And we are helping sellers around the world do the same.


  Job Description
   Merchants hire the Help Experience Team to provide them the right solutions at the right time to ensure they continue to be successful with their business.
 As a software engineer on this team, you'll be a part of evolving our support products for Square's millions of merchants. We leverage experimentation, personalization, recommendation relevancy, and more to ensure that we route sellers to the right help experiences at the right time according to their unique needs. We must do this with technical sustainability and scale in mind for our merchants and teams at Square to benefit from our work.



  Qualifications
   You will...

 Be exposed to and impact real business challenges.
 Identify and explore ways to improve application architecture, testing, and building pipeline.
 Continually seek to optimize and improve the seller experience.
 Iterate rapidly on features, tooling, and processes.
 Provide technical leadership, mentor and coach junior engineers.

 You’ll need to…

 Be proficient in building web apps and large-scale applications.
 Build with modern front-end and server-side technologies and frameworks
 Develop product infrastructure and web services.
 Work in a collaborative environment and partner with other cross-disciplinary teams to achieve optimal results.
 Embrace proactive and respectful communications in an inclusive environment.

 Technologies we use and teach...

 Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, React, TypeScript
 MySQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Memcached

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Perks
 We want you to be well and thrive. Our global benefits package includes:

 Healthcare coverage
 Retirement Plans
 Employee Stock Purchase Program
 Wellness perks
 Paid parental leave
 Paid time off
 Learning and Development resources

 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


This position will be REMOTE however must sit in: 
North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Michigan
Day to Day: 
Insight Global is looking for a client engineer for one of our major healthcare clients. This individual will be responsible for assisting with new operating system development, package development and package deployment. This person will be responsible for maintaining the architecture, maintenance, configuration and integrity of the End User Computing environments including desktops, printers, laptops, and mobile devices. This person will work with IT personnel, vendors, consultants, and customers for implementation of new or revised functions. They will assist with researching industry trends and developments and how to incorporate them into the organization. They will help to coordinate with third party vendors for maintenance to existing environments and planning for additional capacity and upgrades. This role will sit fully remote.
Must Haves: 

1+ years of experience with End User Computing
1+ year of experience with SCCM/Microsoft End Point
Experience with End Point Management
Experience with Device Management

Plusses: 

Scripting experience
Experience with Virtual Desktop
Experience with Active Directory

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

How many years of End User Computing experience do you have?

Experience:

SCCM / Microsoft End Point: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Software Engineer/Programmer Software Engineer/Programmer Position
Overview: 
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation systems ranging from small deployments of a couple systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading-edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Deep/Machine Learning, 3) Big Data, and 4) Cloud Computing.
Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Engineer/Programmer with desired experience in High-Performance Computing (HPC), Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs) to join our team.
The software engineer/programmer is expected to work in a project team, take a lead role to design and develop major functional units, and perform continuous unit level and system level debugging and testing for commercial products with novel features. This position will maintain technical documents, bug-tracking systems, and manuals.
Technical expertise required: 

Strong experience in Linux
C programming
Network programming, such as TCP/IP and low-level networking stacks
Experience on HPC technologies and platforms

The ideal candidate will have: 

Knowledge of HPC, MPI standard, multi-core processors, GPUs/accelerators, and high-performance networking.
Knowledge of InfiniBand, High Speed Ethernet, Omni-Path, or similar high-performance networking technologies.
Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc.) for producing and maintaining high quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

This is a full-time position, though part-time candidates will be considered. Flexible schedule and remote position. Healthcare, retirement and PTO package provided. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $80,000.00 - $162,636.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

Message Passage Interface (MPI): 1 year (Required)
High Performance Computing Technologies & Plaforms: 1 year (Required)
C programming: 2 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Paramount Global (NASDAQ: PARA, PARAA) is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic studios, networks and streaming services, Paramount's portfolio of consumer brands includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+, Pluto TV and Simon & Schuster, among others. Paramount delivers the largest share of the U.S. television audience and boasts one of the industry's most important and extensive libraries of TV and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, the company provides powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions. 
 
 Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from ViacomCBS, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream ViacomCBS Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage. 
 

Description:
 The Applied Machine Learning Group within Paramount Global Streaming’s Advanced Technologies division focuses on deploying machine learning techniques to improve products. 
 

Role Details:
 As a Frontend Engineer - Content Platform on the Applied Machine Learning Group, you’ll play a key role in the design and development of UI tools that enrich our critical data for ML models, and provide our clients insights into our vast data collections. Location is open for remote work. 
 

Your Day-to-Day:
 Collaborate with UX Designer, product manager, and technical leads to produce outstanding technical solutions 
 Implement designs, build front ends from API output, and work with the backend team to formalize the API contract 
 Design and implement reusable frontend components that can be leveraged across applications 
 Participate in design and code reviews 
 Triage and fix reported bugs 
 Communicate estimates, schedules, issues and dependencies to technical or project lead 
 Communicate often with other remote colleagues on our distributed team. Raise issues and blockers and follow through as needed 
 Become an expert on our core frontend systems 
 Participate in scheduled production releases 
 

Key Projects:
 Originate new feature solutions for our transactional web UI tools that encompass a broad scope of functionality including metadata editing and tracking, video splicing, recommendations integration and advanced searching capabilities 
 Refactor existing UI products to improve maintainability, developing reusable components 
 

Qualifications:
 BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience 
 Proven foundation and programming experience in React and Javascript 
 Hands on experience with HTML/CSS 
 A desire to understand and identify workflow use cases and translate them to intuitive front ends that engage the user, providing important feedback, and appropriately handling error conditions through defensive programming 
 Excellent problem solving, collaboration and interpersonal skills, both verbal and written 
 Practiced in writing frontend tests 
 Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software 
 Knowledge of frontend build tools including npm and WebPack 
 Willingness to evaluate and critique workflows and UIs to ensure we’re putting forth the best solutions to complex problems 
 Nice to have – 
 Experience with mock data libraries such as Mirage 
 Experience with Kubernetes 
 Experience with version control systems (Git and Bitbucket) 
 Experience using Cloud Platforms such as GCP 
 dfdfdfd 
 Paramount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet. 
 
 At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status. 
 
 If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 
 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacom.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.


  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The Indexing team works on Etsy’s infrastructure for information retrieval, powering the foundational layers of search for our marketplace. We work closely with product teams and platform site reliability engineers to deliver a robust and scalable search system to serve our 100+ million listings to our buyers.
 The technical staff at Etsy believes that code is craft, and that the work we do is part of a larger creative culture that includes the hundreds of thousands of inspired artists and designers who make Etsy such a unique marketplace. We believe that small, empowered, self-motivated teams can do big things. We believe in measuring everything, taking advantage of our continuous deployment system to ship code early and often, and keeping up a blameless culture based on trust and a commitment to learning. Learn more about our engineering philosophies, tools, and some of the challenges we’ve been solving on our Engineering blog: http://codeascraft.com/
 This role is (eventually) located in one of our Brooklyn or San Francisco offices, or remote within the US & Canada. Etsy offers three different work modes to meet the variety of needs and preferences of our team: Flex mode for candidates who are comfortable traveling to an office location at least 4-6 days per month, Remote mode, and Office-based mode. Learn more about our flexible work modes and vaccination policy here.
 About the Role
 You will do well in this role if you:

 Have experience working in information retrieval technologies, ingest pipelines, and indexing/serving layers
 Have experience with candidate set generation and filtering using a variety of techniques for high level ranking
 Interested in building systems on Rust as we iterate on the next generation of our search engines
 Are a strong communicator and enjoy collaboration with members of the team

 For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.



  Qualifications
   About You

 Experience with Information Retrieval technologies like inverted indexes, ANN.
 Experience with distributed systems.
 Experience with Java and/or Rust.
 Interest in developing distributed systems in Java and Rust.
 You have proven engineering and coding skills, data structure knowledge and ability to write high performance production quality code.
 You have experience working with functional programming languages and Scala
 You are a strong collaborator and communicator and you make the engineers around you grow and learn.

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.


Hello,
As an UI Software Engineer, you will partner with the Product, Operations, Design, and Editorial teams to bring NBC News Digital content to life. You will be a significant influence on our product roadmap, bringing a technical and strategic perspective. You will work alongside fellow inspired developers in a fast-paced environment using technologies like React.js, Sass etc to help shape the future of digital news. This role will report into the Senior Manager of Engineering, Content Management Systems.
Position: UI Software Engineer
Location: Remote
Job Length: Contract to hire
Position Type: W2
Qualifications:

JavaScript expert with 3+ years recent experience with React.js, node.js, NoSQL
Strong proficiency in CSS/Sass development and implementing responsive designs using HTML and a CSS preprocessor (SASS, PostCSS, LESS)
Experience using modular JavaScript, async patterns, and DOM manipulation
Experience with Cypress, Jest unit testing frameworks * Strong problem-solving skills, logical and creative thinking
Experience with version control

Responsibilities:
Work on the React.js codebases building features for Content Management Systems

Automate front end testing to ship the highest quality experience for our audience
Write code and tests that are understandable and maintainable
Debug effectively within their primary area to help find root cause
Provide helpful, timely code reviews
Able to identify problems with the product team and investigate potential causes.
Makes informed decisions about which tools and solutions to use for specific problems
Communicates effectively with non- technical peers
Gives timely, helpful feedback to product and managers
Able to suggest improvements to technology and tools and investigate implementations.

Please let me know if you are interested in this role
Regards,
MONISHA LNB
Talent Acquisition Associate
PRINCETON ITSERVICES
Phone : +1 609-952-6392
Webprincetonits.com | skillconnect360.com
125 Maiden Ln, Suite# 501, New York, NY 10038
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $40.00 - $85.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This is a C2H role can you work on W2?

Experience:

UI: 3 years (Required)
React.js, node.js, NoSQL: 3 years (Required)
CSS/Sass development: 1 year (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)

Work Location: Remote

C# Software Engineer (Remote Available, Full-Time, Part-Time and 1099 Considered)
Cleveland-based HR tech start-up looking for an experienced C# software engineer who wants to play a key role in helping to build the next generation talent recruiting platform.
Position Summary
We are currently looking for an experienced software engineer. This individual must come with a broad technical background, a bias for action, and the experience to know how to build enterprise quality solutions that scale. Because we are a small team, you’ll be working across the technology stack (front end, core and data).
This will be a remote position, with consideration given to candidates who could occasionally commute to the Cleveland headquarters.
Responsibilities

Design, author and refactor server side (C#, ASP.NET Core) and client-side code (React).
Developing REST APIs to support our core application.
Creating API documentation using contemporary mocking tools.
Writing tests – unit, integration and end-end automated tests.
Participating in code reviews.
Participating in Scrum rituals (stand-ups, demos, retrospectives and planning meetings).
Authoring and contributing to technical documents.
Participating in release packaging and deployments.
Leveraging your experience and creativity to advance our product and technology road map.

Qualifications
All candidates must be currently eligible to work in the U.S. Relocation is not available.

Minimum of 2 years hands-on experience developing Web applications and authoring server-side code (ideally ASP.NET Core).
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree, or its equivalent, in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Technology, or a closely related field.
Experience building REST API-driven applications and designing Web services.
Maintains awareness of and follows industry best practices for security.
Strong understanding of contemporary data architectures & data-driven applications (PostgreSQL, MySQL).
Experience writing unit, integration and other tests.
Some experience with contemporary front-end languages such as Typescript, and frameworks including React or Angular.
Some PHP development experience a plus, ideally with the Laravel framework.
Ability to communicate intent of design choices to fellow developers, follow agreed upon coding conventions, and write robust and well-organized code.
Detail and quality oriented.
Understands the long-term value of writing good code, refactoring often and designing for scale.
Experience with source code management tools (Git) and concepts (branching, merging).
Has been part of a Scrum development team, with a strong preference for this methodology.
Works well within the development team and across departments.
Has a do-what-it-takes attitude, dedicated to delivering products that delight our clients.
Requires minimal travel (no more than 10%)

This is a hands-on position that requires creative and highly productive individuals. A good-fit candidate will enjoy both ideating design and executing development, have a desire to work across the stack (front end, core, data) and be detail-oriented and conscientious about the quality of code they deliver. They should possess the verbal and written communication skills to work effectively within the product development team as well as with other business units. The ideal candidate will have some understanding of talent/recruiting, HR technology and or the transportation industry but it is not required.
Drive My Way offers a comprehensive, competitive benefits package including paid-time-off, health insurance (medical, dental, vision), life & disability insurance and a 401k program.
If you have tenacity, a bias for action and achieving results, an innate curiosity to listen and learn, creative problem solving, a passion for teaching, and you thrive in an environment that is collaborative, fun and fast-paced, this role is for you! Put your passion, unwavering work ethic, can-do spirit and ‘never give up’ mentality to work in this role to drive our growth.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract
Pay: $5,800.00 - $7,800.00 per month
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Please describe your experience in writing and using automated testing for your projects.
Is your preference a full or part-time position? What would be your ideal hours per week (a range is ok) and what hours during the day would you typically be available (ET)?
What is your salary or hourly rate requirements for the position?

Experience:

MySQL / PostgreSQL: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Our client's consumer Team is looking for a Software Engineer to help their users find the product they’re looking for as efficiently as possible. See solutions impact millions of global users daily as you seek challenges such as:

Improve search experience and performance for millions of users across millions of products globally
Make the shopping experience enjoyable and more transparent
Help users discover the right product for them
Enable new ways of buying products, such as buying online and having your product delivered
Build out platforms to enable us to iterate faster and respond to our consumers quicker

What You'll Do:

Work in a multi-functional team with data analysts, product managers, and of course other engineers.
Participate in whiteboard sessions and design conversations on engineering the best solution to the challenges at hand.
Test out new ideas with novel and quick experiments.
Write clean, well-tested, and efficient code.
Iterate rapidly and deploy changes daily.
Collaborate with and be mentored by highly skilled engineers.
Have fun!

Who You Are:

2+ years of software development experience
Expertise with Java or similar object-oriented languages
Solid understanding of MySQL or similar relational database
Some experience with building scalable websites (e-commerce) or large-scale applications preferred
Drawn to and thrive in a fast-paced environment that pushes code daily
Able to work independently, as well as in a team environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85.00 - $140.00 per hour
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

This role is not open to c2c. Are you able to work W2?

Experience:

Java: 3 years (Required)
Scale: 3 years (Required)
Web development: 3 years (Required)
performance optimization: 3 years (Preferred)
MySQL: 3 years (Preferred)
building scalable websites (e-commerce environment): 3 years (Preferred)
building large-scale applications: 3 years (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Salary: $120,000 - 170,000/year
We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer (Golang) who will help drive our system’s evolution to join our team. The role will be an integral part of the Video Streaming and Engineering team, working with video engineers to build and release products for various platforms like Desktop, OTT, Mobile. The candidate will be responsible for building, deploying and managing Video Encoding and Delivery applications in cloud (AWS/GCP).
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Work with other engineers to maintain and evolve our Video encoding and Video delivery platform.
Plan, Design and Build out cloud-based microservices to support video processing workflows.
Field questions and requests regarding APIs and behavior.
Work closely with the QA coordinator to facilitate playback testing across a variety of devices.
Work with other developers and operations team on streamlined CI/CD solutions.
Help in building the shared libraries and architecture to be used across all services.
Work with video engineers in team to modernize and optimize our cloud video Delivery platform
Building new microservices, features and improving Video Delivery, Content Filtering solutions for Paramount+
Responsible for Video Packaging & Delivery.
Work with development teams on re-architecture/modernizing existing systems into the cloud.

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 

4+ years of experience as a Software Engineer
Experience with writing microservices in Golang and building shared microservice libraries.
Experience with container technology and management such as Docker.
Experience writing services from scratch in Go Programming language.
Experience working with Cloud/SaaS services such as Amazon AWS or Google Cloud
Strong written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $170,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Skills: 
· Graphics: Existing knowledge of Vulkan graphics would be highly preferred. Alternatives would be OpenGL (any version), CUDA, OpenCL, and GLSL. But at a minimum all of the resources must have a desire to learn graphics programming (client would provide training materials) and come up to speed quickly to be able to contribute.
· C Programming: At least 5+ years of solid experience and a superior understanding of the C programming language
· Writing Ability: Strong written English language skills
· Software Tools: Proficiency in using GIT & Microsoft Visual Studio 2013
· DO178 experience is a plus, but NOT required. The primary skill set they want is experience programming graphics-based systems
Job Description: 
This program requires help developing and testing Low Level Requirements per DO-178C
1) Low-Level Requirements Formal Reviews
a. Input: draft low-level requirements for software
b. Process: Conduct & participate in formal reviews of low-level requirements using criteria that will be provided by client
c. Output: Completed Review Checklists (template/system provided by client)
2) Formally Review LLR Test Cases
a. Input: Test Case Procedure documents and the related Test Code
b. Process: Review the document and the code for any potential issues or missed coverage.
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
3) Create Low Level Requirements (LLR) Test Cases
a. Input: LLRs
b. Process: Write a test procedure document in plain English that describes the test and expected outcomes. Write test code/script as the actual test code that will be executed to meet the test procedure.
c. Ensure tests run successfully.
d. Output: Test Case Procedure documents, Test Code
4) Formal Code Reviews
a. Input: Source code for identified client Vulkan products (drivers and libraries), client’s Software Coding Standards document
b. Process: Review assigned parts of the source code against requirements, the coding standards, and for any bugs or other issues
c. Output: Change Requests (CRs) clearly describing issues found.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $80.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Experience:

C: 5 years (Required)
Vulkan Graphics or similar (i.e OpenGL, Cuda, OpenCL, GLSL): 3 years (Required)
GIT: 2 years (Required)
Visual Studio: 2 years (Required)
Knowledge or DO-178 or other Avionic Standards: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote

Data Systems Software Engineer
About Danger Devices
Danger Devices Inc. is a growing, fabless semiconductor start-up headquartered in San Jose,California. We aim to deliver best-in-class products to our customers with industry-leading design cycle times. We do that with our revolutionary, modernized approach focusing on software to increase productivity in all areas from integrated circuit design all the way to testing and data analysis.
Contribute to our industry leading team of circuit experts and software specialists. We are actively looking for software engineers to strengthen our team.
Logistics
Location(s):

Greensboro, NC
Remote (NC, CA, WA, other states negotiable)

Reports To:

Data Systems team lead

Types available:

Full-time
Internship (paid)

What you'll do at Danger Devices: 
Using skills and experience with software development and data analysis you will help to build an automated workflow of data from RFIC testdata to compliance reports, charts, and other means of analysis.
You will accomplish this through the following responsibilities:

Maintaining, supporting, and improving upon internal EDA plotting software tools
Automating the generation of product validation reports
Developing creative solutions for data analysis
Improving efficiencies from test data collection through analysis
Automating everything as possible, including DevOps activities, test data flow, etc
Working across several other teams and departments to improve data quality and flow
Jumping in and solving problems at various levels of product development
Other duties as deemed necessary by leadership

The skillset you'll bring to Danger Devices: 
A core value of the company is innovation - and we firmly believe that innovation can only occur when we're all willing to learn. You are an avid and curious learner with:

Software competence with Python, SQL, shell scripting and other languages/tools
Familiarity with data analysis methodologies
Excellent critical thinking skills
Preferred:
BS/MS in Computer Science, related discipline from accredited College or

University, or sufficient experience

Experience using Google BigQuery or other data warehousing solutions

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, Temporary, Internship
Pay: $60,000.00 - $145,204.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Application Question(s):

Are you interested in full-time or part-time/internship?

Experience:

Python: 1 year (Preferred)
data engineering/analysis: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote


  Company Description
   Etsy is the global marketplace for unique and creative goods. We build, power, and evolve the tools and technologies that connect entrepreneurs with buyers around the world. Etsy, Inc.'s 'house of brands' portfolio has expanded to now include four individually distinct ecommerce brands - Etsy, fashion resale marketplace Depop, musical instrument marketplace Reverb, and Brazil-based handmade goods marketplace Elo7. As an Etsy employee, you'll tackle unique problems alongside talented coworkers committed to Keeping Commerce Human. We're large enough that you'll focus on meaningful, complex challenges, but small enough that you can make a rewarding impact.



  Job Description
   The mission of the Frontend Rendering Infrastructure team is to accelerate product development at Etsy. We make sure product teams have the tools and infrastructure they need to build and iterate on complex interfaces. Uniquely, our work impacts both the developer experience and the end-user experience. Some examples of recent work include:

 Building out support for server-rendered JSX components (see our Code as Craft article about this work)
 Working with the Web Platform team to implement Redux Toolkit at Etsy
 Re-architecting our PHP view rendering framework to be queue-based

 We’re looking for people who are interested in both server- and client-rendering and their underlying technologies. You’ll be working on projects written in PHP, JavaScript and TypeScript, built within frameworks like Preact and Redux.
 Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.
 About the Role
 We’re looking for engineers with experience building scalable and performant front-end infrastructure. You should be customer-focused, data-driven, and excited about collaborating with your teammates and peers. Your responsibilities include:

 Developing and maintaining critical path product services
 Building tools and libraries that make it easy to take advantage of Etsy infrastructure
 Identifying opportunities to improve our architecture, operability or capabilities
 Using data to validate your hypotheses and inform your decision making




  Qualifications
   About You

 You’re an engineer with deep knowledge of JavaScript/Typescript. PHP experience is helpful as we use it often, but it is not required
 You have experience with multiple frontend frameworks; we primarily use React/Preact and support jQuery, but alternate experience is great
 You may have experience using and/or building living design systems
 You enjoy writing technical documentation
 You care deeply about performance and usability on a variety of devices
 You are comfortable working with legacy code while working towards improving it
 You’re opinionated about how to build systems (and whether to build them at all), but empathetic to your colleagues
 You’ve mentored engineers at a variety of levels throughout their career

 Additional Information
  

What's Next
 If you're interested in joining the team at Etsy, please send a cover letter and resume telling us why you'd be right for the position. As you've hopefully seen already, Etsy is a place that values individuality and variety. We don't want you to be like everyone else - we want you to be like you! So write to us and tell us what you're all about.
Our Promise
At Etsy, we believe that a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace makes us a more relevant, more competitive, and more resilient company. We encourage people from all backgrounds, ages, abilities, and experiences to apply. Etsy is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or family status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, pregnancy or caregiver status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application and interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. While Etsy supports visa sponsorship, sponsorship opportunities may be limited to certain roles and skillsets.
For U.S. roles only:
Many Etsy roles are open to remote candidates, and you'll be able to identify which ones within the location header of each job description. We're open to remote hires from all U.S. states except Hawaii and Alaska. For candidates who will work remotely from Colorado, visit this link for information related to Colorado's Equal Pay for Equal Work Act.

Cerner is elated to hire a Software Engineer I. As a Software Engineer I, you will write and configure code for new and upgraded solutions in accordance with technical specifications. In this role you will, write code, test and debug new software, make enhancements to existing software from clear requirements, participate in code reviews and identify basic issues or deviations from best practices and develop knowledge of assigned solution, technologies, development processes and ecosystem.
Working Environment
Hybrid or Remote
This position offers a Hybrid or Remote working environment. Meaning if you live within a metro area of a Cerner office, you will split working time between a Cerner office and remote. If you are not within a metro area of a Cerner office, you can live and work in your current geographical location and work primarily remote. #LI-Hybrid #Remote
Back to Description
Cerner Jobs and Careers
Engineering & Technology
Innovation occurs everywhere but maybe you are also looking for a purpose. Nothing is more impactful than improving the health of others. Develop cutting edge technologies that have real meaning.
Additional Information
Working Environment Hybrid or Remote

Relocation Assistance Available for this Job: No

Qualifications
Basic Qualifications:
At least 4 years total combined completed higher education and related work experience, including:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering or related field
Expectations:
Willing to work additional or irregular hours as needed and allowed by local regulations
Work in accordance with corporate and organizational security policies and procedures, understand personal role in safeguarding corporate and client assets, and take appropriate action to prevent and report any compromises of security within scope of position
Perform other responsibilities as assigned
Applicants for U.S. based positions with Cerner Corporation must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

As a condition of employment, all US-based employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19 unless a medical or religious exemption is approved.

Some Cerner positions may be obligated to comply with additional client-facing requirements and occupational health requests, including but not limited to, an immunization set, an annual flu shot, an annual TB screen, an updated background check, and/or an updated drug screen.
Cerner is a place where people are encouraged to innovate with confidence and focus on what is important – people’s health and the care they receive. We are transforming health care by developing tools and technologies that make it more efficient for care providers and patients to navigate the complexity of our health. From single offices to entire countries, Cerner solutions are licensed at more than 25,000 facilities in over 35 countries.

Cerner’s policy is to provide equal opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other legally protected category. Cerner is proud to be a drug-free workplace.

About the job 




      Red Hat's Customer Identity and Access Management team is looking for a Software Engineer to join us. In this role, you will collaborate with a diverse and innovative team responsible for the key authentication, authorization, and user management service for Red Hat's open hybrid cloud platform and its surrounding integrations. You will work on the full-stack design, development, testing, and release of single sign-on (SSO) and related applications, with a focus on backend development. While we revamp this service for the next generation of Red Hat’s cloud offerings, you will closely collaborate with the Red Hat SSO team and contribute to the upstream Keycloak community. As a Software Engineer, you will contribute to the team's capabilities by demonstrating technical competence, exceptional communication skills, personal initiative, creativity, desire to learn, transparency, and ability to work as part of a team. Successful applicants must reside in a state where Red Hat is registered to do business.
     




What you will do 




Collaborate with your peers, design, develop, test, maintain, and operate primarily Java applications across large, multi-region deployments
 Contribute to the development of core features of the Red Hat SSO offering or related to the various types of integrations with other Red Hat’s offerings and backend systems
 Build custom plugins for Red Hat SSO while working with that project's open source community to grow the platform for our customers
 Implement and support the deployment of identity and access management solutions that integrate with protocols like OIDC 2.0 and SAML 2.0
 Analyze and clarify business requirements
 Contribute to application release processes with Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform, Puppet, and Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform
 Contribute to observability instrumentation and monitoring tools
 Participate in application support rotation




What you will bring 




3+ years of professional experience in Java or other object-oriented language
 Experience implementing integration design patterns, especially in microservices or event-driven architecture
 Excellent communication skills and ability to work within a distributed team
 Good understanding of core concepts related to application security
 Ability to quickly learn new domains and technologies
 Familiarity with modern token-based application security standards like OAuth2 and OpenID Connect
 Experience using MySQL, PostgreSQL, or Mongo
 Experience working with distributed source control like Git, including branching and merging
 Good understanding of continuous integration (CI) and continuous delivery (CD) tools and processes
 Good understanding of DevOps principles and practices
 Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, engineering, or other closely related field
 Familiarity and experience with Keycloak project or the Red Hat SSO offering and core features is a big plus
 Knowledge of Kubernetes or Linux Containers is a plus


 #LI-REMOTE #LI-HK1





About Red Hat 




      Red Hat is the world’s leading provider of enterprise open source software solutions, using a community-powered approach to deliver reliable and high-performing Linux, hybrid cloud, container, and Kubernetes technologies. Red Hat helps customers integrate new and existing IT applications, develop cloud-native applications, standardize on our industry-leading operating system, and automate, secure, and manage complex environments. Award-winning support, training, and consulting services make Red Hat a trusted adviser to the Fortune 500. As a strategic partner to cloud providers, system integrators, application vendors, customers, and open source communities, Red Hat can help organizations prepare for the digital future.
     


 Benefits


 Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
 Flexible Spending Account - healthcare and dependent care
 Health Savings Account - high deductible medical plan
 Retirement 401(k) with employer match
 Paid time off and holidays
 Paid parental leave plans for all new parents
 Leave benefits including disability, paid family medical leave, and paid military leave
 Additional benefits including employee stock purchase plan, family planning reimbursement, tuition reimbursement, transportation expense account, employee assistance program, and more!


 Note: These benefits are only applicable to full time, permanent associates at Red Hat located in the United States.
     






MiTek is a platform innovator and enabler that exists to transform the building industry with better building solutions. In 1955, MiTek transformed residential construction with the invention of the Gang-Nail plate and a digital platform that provided an affordable and scalable way to manufacture wood trusses. Today, MiTek delivers software, services, engineered products, and automated solutions that enable the building industry to improve efficiencies by optimizing the balance between off-site and on-site. With nearly 5,600 team members worldwide, MiTek collaborates across the building industry to enable and accelerate transformational breakthroughs in design and construction to transform the way the industry designs, makes, and builds. As a Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE: BRK-A, NYSE: BRK-B) company since 2001, MiTek has a record of continuous growth and innovation. Learn more at www.mii.com.
SummaryMiTek’s software solutions allow customers in the residential and commercial construction industry the ability to optimize their business workflow, design, and production of homes and commercial spaces. At MiTek, our Software Engineers help pioneer industry changing solutions and have a passion for learning new technologies and delivering software. As a Software Engineer at MiTek, you will work in an Agile software development environment using Scrum and bring enthusiasm and a team first mentality to all phases of the software development life cycle including research, design, analysis, requirements, implementation, test automation, and maintenance.
Responsibilities

Design, code, test and debug new software utilizing technologies for the project assigned. This typically includes Microsoft technologies such as MFC/C++, C#, .NET Framework, ASP .NET, JavaScript, and other development tools and languages as required
Document code appropriately for maintainability
Collaborate with Product Management, Software Quality Assurance, and other development teams to ensure that solutions are efficient, consistent and fulfill business needs
Translate requirements and use cases into technical designs and functional code
Perform upfront design and analysis on efforts
Author technical documents such as architecture overview or design specification documents
Participate in design reviews, code reviews, and collaborative requirements reviews
Apply generally accepted programming standards and techniques to ensure efficient program logic and data manipulation

Required Qualifications: 

2+ years of software development experience and a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science or related field. Additional related work experience may be substituted for the degree requirement.
Experience with one or more of the following: C++, Java, C#, .NET Framework, JavaScript
Understanding of HTML, CSS, and SQL
Experience with CI/CD pipelines
Experience with full-stack development
Comfortable digging into large, unfamiliar codebases to diagnose, debug, and resolve critical issues

Preferred Qualifications: 

Experience working in an Agile development environment using Scrum
Experience working with Autodesk Revit highly preferred
Experience with MFC/C++ development framework highly preferred
Experience with Azure and/or AWS
Knowledge of Microservices architecture

In compliance with the Colorado Equal Pay For Equal Work Act, the pay range for this position is estimated at $70k-$110k/year. Base pay offered may vary based on job-related knowledge, skills and experience. Please visit www.mii.com/about/careers/ to learn more about MiTek’s benefit opportunities
MiTek is an E-Verify and Drug and Tobacco-Free Workplace. 
We are an equal opportunity employer; and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, national origin, ethnicity, physical or mental disability, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or transgender status), age (40 and over), genetic information (including family medical history), veteran status, or any other protected characteristic.
For accommodation to assist with completing this application, please contact Human Resources at +1 314-434-1200.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $70,000.00 - $110,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay

Application Question(s):

This position is fully remote within the United States only. Do you currently live in the United States?

Experience:

C++, Java, C#, .NET Framework, or JavaScript: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote



Piper Companies is seeking a Web Software Engineer for a research-based organization based in North Carolina. The Web Software Engineer will be expected to work in a REMOTE environment. This position requires a person who has experience in all parts of application development. That is, designing, developing, deploying, scaling, and maintaining them. 


Responsibilities for the Web Software Engineer include:


 Develop new open-source solutions for efficient use by internal and external users.
 Maintain and improve the performance of existing software.
 Work with users on an as-needed basis to explain new functionality
 Understand and implement best practices around developing and deploying applications in a variety of environments. 
 Use novel cloud architecture in both public and on-premises servers.


 Requirements for the Web Software Engineer:


 Bachelor’s Degree – Must have! (Preferably in Computer Science or Computer Engineering)
 2-3+ years of professional web architecture or software development experience
 Experience with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
 Expertise in JavaScript application development, including asynchronous programming, and a strong knowledge of the server-side JavaScript ecosystem (Node.js).
 Familiarity (possibly of varying degrees) in technologies related to modern frontend frameworks & libraries, accessibility, version control systems, asynchronous programming, server-side programming, testing, building, and communicating with APIs.
 Experience with AWS and containerization is a plus but not expected.


 Compensation of the Web Software Engineer: $50,000-$70,000 Based on experience + Cigna Healthcare Benefits.
 
Work Authorization of Web Software Engineer: US Citizenship required.
 NO relocation will be offered for this role.


Paramount Global (NASDAQ: PARA, PARAA) is a leading global media and entertainment company that creates premium content and experiences for audiences worldwide. Driven by iconic studios, networks and streaming services, Paramount's portfolio of consumer brands includes CBS, Showtime Networks, Paramount Pictures, Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central, BET, Paramount+, Pluto TV and Simon & Schuster, among others. Paramount delivers the largest share of the U.S. television audience and boasts one of the industry's most important and extensive libraries of TV and film titles. In addition to offering innovative streaming services and digital video products, the company provides powerful capabilities in production, distribution and advertising solutions. 
 
 Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from ViacomCBS, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus exclusive streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream ViacomCBS Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage. 
 

Description:
 The Applied Machine Learning Group within Paramount Global Streaming’s Advanced Technologies division focuses on deploying machine learning techniques to improve products. 
 

Role Details:
 As a Frontend Engineer - Content Platform on the Applied Machine Learning Group, you’ll play a key role in the design and development of UI tools that enrich our critical data for ML models, and provide our clients insights into our vast data collections. Location is open for remote work. 
 

Your Day-to-Day:
 Collaborate with UX Designer, product manager, and technical leads to produce outstanding technical solutions 
 Implement designs, build front ends from API output, and work with the backend team to formalize the API contract 
 Design and implement reusable frontend components that can be leveraged across applications 
 Participate in design and code reviews 
 Triage and fix reported bugs 
 Communicate estimates, schedules, issues and dependencies to technical or project lead 
 Communicate often with other remote colleagues on our distributed team. Raise issues and blockers and follow through as needed 
 Become an expert on our core frontend systems 
 Participate in scheduled production releases 
 

Key Projects:
 Originate new feature solutions for our transactional web UI tools that encompass a broad scope of functionality including metadata editing and tracking, video splicing, recommendations integration and advanced searching capabilities 
 Refactor existing UI products to improve maintainability, developing reusable components 
 

Qualifications:
 BS in Computer Science or equivalent work experience 
 Proven foundation and programming experience in React and Javascript 
 Hands on experience with HTML/CSS 
 A desire to understand and identify workflow use cases and translate them to intuitive front ends that engage the user, providing important feedback, and appropriately handling error conditions through defensive programming 
 Excellent problem solving, collaboration and interpersonal skills, both verbal and written 
 Practiced in writing frontend tests 
 Experience with browser-based debugging and performance testing software 
 Knowledge of frontend build tools including npm and WebPack 
 Willingness to evaluate and critique workflows and UIs to ensure we’re putting forth the best solutions to complex problems 
 Nice to have – 
 Experience with mock data libraries such as Mirage 
 Experience with Kubernetes 
 Experience with version control systems (Git and Bitbucket) 
 Experience using Cloud Platforms such as GCP 
 dfdfdfd 
 Paramount is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) including disability/vet. 
 
 At Paramount, the spirit of inclusion feeds into everything that we do, on-screen and off. From the programming and movies we create to employee benefits/programs and social impact outreach initiatives, we believe that opportunity, access, resources and rewards should be available to and for the benefit of all. Paramount is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, creed, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, and Veteran status. 
 
 If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access. https://www.paramount.com/careers as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 
 212.846.5500 or by sending an email to viacomaccommodations@viacom.com. Only messages left for this purpose will be returned.


We are looking for Site Reliability Engineers (software engineers/developers will also be considered) for Permanent, Full Time Employment for our direct client - FULLY REMOTE

Ideal candidate will have a strong software development foundation with 5+ years of experience writing code in Java, Python, Go or other programming language.
Ideal candidate will also have knowledge/experience in Infrastructure, DevOps or Site Reliability Engineering. 
**Coding test implemented into interview process

Technical Competencies: 

MUST HAVE experience in OOP or OOD 
MUST HAVE architecture experience/background
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience
Minimum of 4+ years of professional Software Development/Engineering experience
Experience writing code in Java, Go, Shell, Perl, Node.js, Python, or a similar language
Experience with data structures, algorithms, and software design

Compensation:

Employment with a top corporation that offers professional development
$125K-$225K base salary
Quarterly Bonus Structure
$35K-$60K sign on bonus
Full Benefits
Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)
Open Paid Time Off Policy

If qualified, interested, and available (or know of somebody who is), please reply with an updated resume for immediate consideration to isabella.c@comcentric.com
 Isabella CdeBaca Recruiter Comcentric Inc. isabella.c@comcentric.com




   Job Description:
  


    FactSet’s product suite of smart analytics and unique data empower the world’s leading financial service professionals to make more informed decisions every day. At our heart is an inclusive community unified by the spirit of going above and beyond. Our philosophy is to embrace diversity, and that our best ideas can come from anyone, anywhere, at any time. We continuously look ahead to advance the future and technology of our industry, by rolling up our sleeves to solve tough problems together, and by learning from our successes, as well as our failures.
  


    To be a software engineer at FactSet is to shape the future of investments technology. We’re looking for hard-working and outside-the-box thinkers to bring new perspective and fresh ideas to our Universal Screening team. The Universal Screening product is the key driver of many research and analytics workflows, and as such, is highly valued by our clients.
  

    The Screening team is a group of high-performing members representing different functional roles with all the necessary skills to create an enterprise solution. Our engineers find the right balance between FactSet's flexible environment where everyone can contribute individually, yet at the same time cultivate a community where they can depend on each other for help, learning, and development. We are looking for a motivated and talented Software Engineer to join us as we build this product suite. This collaborative position involves infrastructure design, significant code development, code review and development documentation.
  


    Minimum Requirements:
  

 1-5+ years of software development experience



    Critical Skills:
  

 Experience programming with C++ or another OOP language (Java, C#, etc.)
 Desire to both design and implement reliable and maintainable software



    Additional / Preferred Skills:
  

 Programming experience in C++, Go, and/or JavaScript
 Experience with Linux and Windows programming environments
 Experience working with and managing a large code base
 Experience in iterative and incremental software development frameworks such as Agile or Scrum



    Education:
  

 BS or MS degree in Computer Science (or equivalent)



 Why Life is Better as a FactSetter:


 Secure your future with our discounted employee stock purchase program and 401K matching
 Flexible, hybrid, and remote work arrangements available
 4 weeks paid time off your first year of employment
 No or low-cost medical, dental and vision care
 In-office lunch stipend Monday-Friday, plus a variety of snack and beverages in the office daily
 Wellness programs including gym discounts and more
 16 weeks paid parental leave for the primary caregiver (4 weeks for secondary)
 Employee referral bonuses
 And more!



    FactSet is an Equal Opportunity Employer – M/F/Veteran/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
  


Job description: 

Execute full software development life cycle (SDLC)
Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions
Well versed with OOPS, JavaScript, Networking, CSS, HTML, Databases,web services
Write well-designed, testable code
Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility
Integrate software components into a fully functional software system
Document and maintain software functionality
Troubleshoot, debug and upgrade existing systems
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Comply with project plans and industry standards
Ensure software is updated with latest features

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

8 hour shift

Work Location: Remote




Make Work Better Every Day




     Quantum Workplace, an HR technology provider, equips workplaces with the smartest talent solutions so that they can grow and succeed. We pioneered some of the earliest employee engagement and performance software and have since partnered with thousands of organizations to drive employee, team, and business success.
   



     We’re in the business of creating awesome work environments—and are committed to being one also. We are smart people who care deeply about what we do. We work hard but laugh harder. We wear casual clothes, work flexible hours, and get stuff done. You’ll love it here.
   


 What’s the opportunity?


     We are searching for Full Stack Software Engineers to join our team in Omaha. You enjoy being surrounded by talented engineers to learn and challenge each other.
   



     You believe engineers should be involved much earlier in the process than when it's time to code (although that is pretty fun). You’d prefer to sit in on customer interviews, design sprints, early non-dev prototypes, and throw on some noise cancelling headphones when it's time to build. You strive to build beautiful, usable software, and if you aren't the type to wear your beret hat you are encouraged to work with the product designer who is a full-time resource for your team.
   



     We use our own flavor of agile processes to get things done. We use Git and an automated CI setup for builds and Octopus for shipping code to testing environments and to production. We review each other’s pull requests. We believe in automation over repetition and aim to make our code and infrastructure more scalable.
   



Responsibilities 

Write awesome code Work with large, complex datasets Collaborate with product team to bring prototypes to production





Qualifications

 1+ years of professional experience building software Must be able to work in the U.S. without sponsorship We're not interested in a checklist of experiences, but here is a list of things we use: .NET, C#, Flutter, Dart, SQL Server, Redis, Hangfire, Azure, IdentityServer, Sass, and probably a few more things. Bottom line: you need to be stellar. If you are grouchy, too political, or don’t admit mistakes, you will hate it here.





Why Quantum Workplace?



 Health Insurance: We offer 3 options (1 option is 100% premium paid by QW for employees) + Telehealth
Dental & Vision: We cover 100% of premiums for employees
401k: We match 100% of contributions up to 4% and you're fully vested on Day 1
Adoption + Fertility assistance
Employee-led Diversity Council works to create a more diverse and inclusive workplace
Zoo memberships
Summer hours and flexible work schedule
Remote and hybrid work options
No dress code - wear what makes you feel confident - BE YOU!
Monthly manager-employee lunches for goal planning and development
Paid time off including holidays, your birthday, and volunteer time off
We work hard but we have fun too - ping pong breaks increase productivity!



 At Quantum Workplace, we are an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building an inclusive team that represents a variety of backgrounds and skills. Please apply, regardless if you think you meet every bullet. We want to hear from you.
    




    Applicants with disabilities may contact the Quantum Workplace Employee Success Team via telephone, fax, e-mail, and other means to request and arrange for accommodations. If you need assistance to accommodate a disability, you may request an accommodation at any time. Please contact the Employee Success team at careers@quantumworkplace.com or 
    402-415-8302.
   


 Go back to our job listings page.
   







Who We Are
RTTS is the premier pure-play quality assurance and testing organization that specializes in test automation. Based in midtown Manhattan (but currently working remotely) and serving Global 2000 companies since 1996, RTTS has helped 700+ companies reach their continuous deployment goals.
 RTTS also developed QuerySurge, the leading data validation & ETL testing solution in the data & analytics marketplace. We have forged strategic partnerships with leading software vendors IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Teradata, Snowflake, MongoDB, Cloudera, SAP, Tableau, Vertica and other best-of-breed software providers.
 RTTS offers the foremost end-to-end solution that ensures application functionality, performance, security and data quality.







What You’ll Be Doing
Using your computer science education, you’ll be responsible for coding custom solutions and analyzing results using cutting edge tools to support complex software applications. Other responsibilities include:

 Work alongside developers to verify application functionality, usability, scalability and data integrity.
 Ensure that the applications and/or data meet the specified requirements and that there are no defects in the application or underlying data.
 Create test plans, design test cases, automate tests, provide, manage test process, and evaluate defects.
 Develop and maintain reusable code libraries to help build streamlined and efficient automated test processes.
 Analyze and evaluate automation & defect metrics, providing feedback and reports to developers, system & data architects and analysts & subject matter experts.

 Assignments vary in length depending on our clients’ needs, providing you with the opportunity to learn new technologies and gain valuable exposure to many areas of business while working with client teams and experienced RTTS mentors.







What You Need
Must possess an undergraduate or graduate-level degree with a concentration in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics, or another related field. Other qualifications include:

 Proficiency in a mainstream programming language: must have applicable skills in Java, Python, C++, C# or other language
 Initiative to learn and utilize emerging technologies while working in a stimulating team environment
 Professional appearance and the ability to communicate complex technical information in a clear and tactful manner








What We Offer 

Starting salary of $60k — $70K (depending on experience)
 Excellent benefits package including major medical, dental, 401K, tuition reimbursement, paid vacation and holidays, continuous learning, share points (similar to warrants) and more
 Ongoing development of your skills working with QA/test automation/programming technologies, server-side software and database platforms
 The most comprehensive up-front training program in the industry plus one-on-one mentoring. It’s an ideal fit for recent graduates and career changers
 A challenging, supportive, educational and fun work environment. Our office culture encourages innovation and professional growth.








What Are You Waiting For? 
If you’d like to start your IT career with RTTS, you should know that:

 Our office is located in midtown Manhattan, and since the advent of Covid-19, all employees have been working from home. Going forward, we are anticipating a hybrid work model with 1 – 2 days/week in the office and the rest working remotely.
 Applicants for employment must be authorized to work in the U.S 
You must live within 50 miles of our New York office
 NOTE: Applications without a cover letter will not be considered.





Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Come join Under Armour as a Sr. Software Engineer - Backend and create software to power the future of connected fitness. We’re serious about individual growth and athlete achievement, and we’d like you to join us to build real products that will help millions of people improve their lives through better health & fitness. You will learn, grow, and play in an environment that focuses on results and delivery, all backed by one of the strongest consumer brands in history. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross-functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Want to make a real-world impact
Are ready to take ownership and responsibility for your work
Are interested in growing as both an engineer and a teammate
Execute full lifecycle software development
Lead and design features, incorporating technology throughout the stack
Write well designed, testable, efficient code
Communicates clearly to technical and non-technical teammates
Assist in troubleshooting and production support
Maintains up to date best practices and standards
Have a solid understanding of both computer science fundamentals and what it takes to build internet-scale applications. You likely have a degree in Computer Science or similar field, or equivalent real-world experience.

Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Knowledge of design patterns and software engineering best practices
Have experience working at scale utilizing microservices architectures
Experience with Java and Spring Boot
High volume Message Queues such as Kafka
Familiarity with AWS and/or other cloud computing platforms
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker

Education And / Or Experience
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker
BS in CS or 5-7 years of comparable experience
Familiarity with cutting-edge open-source libraries and experience contributing to projects of personal interest a plus

Other Requirements
Possible travel to regional offices, conferences, and training
Return to Office Designation: Fully Remote

Relocation
No relocation provided
#LI-REMOTE
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.

  Company Description
   It all started with an idea at Block in 2013. Initially built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic app, bringing a better way to send, spend, invest, borrow and save to our millions of monthly active users. With a mission to redefine the world's relationship with money by making it more relatable, available and accessible, at Cash App you'll have the opportunity to make a real-world impact with your career.  Today, Cash App has thousands of employees around the world with a culture geared toward creativity, collaboration and impact. We’ve been a distributed team since day one, and continue to value working across time zones and continents both remotely and in our Cash App offices.  Our offices are great, but many of our roles can be done remotely from the countries where Block operates. We tailor our experience to champion our employees’ creativity and productivity wherever they are.  Check out our locations, benefits and more at cash.app/careers.



  Job Description
   Cash App is the fastest growing financial brand in the world. We've held the #1 spot in finance on the App Store for more than three years. Built to take the pain out of peer-to-peer payments, Cash App has gone from a simple product with a single purpose to a dynamic money app that includes Banking, Stock & Bitcoin Investing, Lending, Tax Filing, and more with over 44 million active monthly users (as of Dec 2021). Cash app leads financial innovation, and continuing in that tradition we are launching a new financial product into the Cash App ecosystem. As a member of the founding team, the ideal person will play a lead in creating the technical requirements, implementing new systems, and integrating proof-of-concept technology into Cash App.
 You will:

 Play a role in the initial scoping of product requirements for this new product
 Design, build and own projects at scale
 Own features throughout their life cycle, from inception to supporting production
 Collaborate with your teammates, learn from them and teach them
 Prioritize maintainable and well-tested code
 Work with stakeholders, including other engineering teams and with customer operations teams
 Contribute to shared technologies, including our open source projects




  Qualifications
   You have:

 5 or more years of software development or equivalent experience
 A desire to perform and grow as an engineer or leader
 Well-developed curiosity and enjoy building creative solutions to complex problems
 Taken technical initiative on previous projects

 Tools we use and teach:

 Java, Kotlin
 AWS, GCP
 HTTP, JSON, gRPC, Protocol Buffers
 OkHttp, Jetty, JUnit, Guice
 Hibernate, MySQL, DynamoDB
 Kafka, events, microservices
 DataDog, Prometheus, SignalFx

 Additional Information
  
 We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, citizenship, or any other legally protected class.
 We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these requests as confidentially as possible. Want to learn more about what we’re doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our I+D page.
 Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions, business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an institution.


We are Dynamic Range Labs, a group of creative developers looking for another hardworking and imaginative team member to join our growing team.
As a part of our team, you’ll support our clients in the electronics industry using modern design practices and emerging technologies. You will get the chance to help shape our company as we expand our core capabilities and services.
For this role we are seeking someone to join one of our eCommerce focused teams as we build out new features and functionality for our clients.
Responsibilities

Maintain reproducibility of infrastructure for multiple environments by provisioning infrastructure using infrastructure as code tools such as Terraform.
Build and maintain reusable infrastructure modules using Terraform and Terragrunt.
Enable team to deliver continuously by extending and creating CI/CD pipelines.
Manage the instrumentation of services to facilitate monitoring and alerting for incident response and capacity planning.
Maximize availability through proactive monitoring and automated deployment gates that verify an application’s readiness before promoting it to production.
Troubleshoot performance issues and broken deployments.
Manage the configuration of all services and environments used by the team.
Assist the team in architecting scalable and secure solutions.
Maintain technical documentation for infrastructure.
Ensure on call team members are adequately supported with runbooks for alerts and scenarios they may encounter.
Proactively eliminate toilsome tasks through automation.
Provide insights into system performance and behavior by building dashboards in Kibana and Grafana.

Benefits

Medical, dental and vision
Life Insurance
LTD
401K match
Paid Time Off and paid holidays
Flexible/hybrid schedule
EAP

Requirements
Required Experience

3+ years of DevOps experience.
Professional experience provisioning and maintaining Kubernetes clusters using one of the major cloud provider’s managed Kubernetes platform (Azure AKS, AWS EKS, GKE).
Professional experience provisioning cloud resources with Terraform.
Demonstrated ability to write automation scripts.
Knowledge of networking concepts such as virtual networks, subnets, and DNS.
Strong Linux system administration skills.

Desired Experience

Experience with Terragrunt.
Experience provisioning Kubernetes resources (deployments, secrets, etc) using the Kubernetes provider for Terraform.
Experience with database technologies such as ElasticSearch, Redis, and MongoDB.
Backend development experience with Node.js or Golang.
Experience with TypeScript.
Experience with monitoring technologies such as Prometheus, APM, and ElasticSearch.
Track record of performing successfully in a distributed team environment.
Professional experience supporting a multi-tenant SaaS platform.

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $112,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote


The Position:
 Do you dream about creating a more sustainable future? At Uplight, we are motivating energy users and providers to accelerate the clean energy ecosystem. We’re working with over 90 of the world’s leading electric and gas utilities to provide a personalized end-to-end customer energy experience that helps meet and accelerate carbon reduction goals. We are a certified B Corp, enabling us to put our values into action by not only making decisions for the benefit of our shareholders, but also for our customers, environment, employees, and community.
 We are seeking a Software Engineering Manager to join our team and help us achieve our ambitious goals for our business and for the planet.
 We will consider this role for continued remote work with some work/travel to our offices in Denver, Boulder, Boston, Chicago or Vancouver.
 What you get to do:
 We are searching for a disciplined Software Engineering Manager who is passionate about changing the way millions of people save energy. You’ll work within the Engineering Squad to build and improve our engineering teams to deliver flexible and creative solutions to our utility partners and end users. You’ll be a part of mentoring, coaching, and sponsoring a talented and passionate set of developers who work to deliver a compelling experience to users across our platforms. And you’ll work with a great team of peers with excellent benefits.
 You should:

 Be excited to work with talented, committed people in a fast-paced environment.
 Be passionate about energy consumption and making a difference in the world.
 Love managing teams - some of your proudest moments involve 1:1s and championing the growth of others.
 Be capable of prioritizing your work to adhere to a deliverable schedule and ensure successful delivery that exceeds expectations.
 Be ready, able, and willing to jump onto a call with a partner or customer to help solve problems.
 Have strong empathy and employ resilient management techniques.
 Not be afraid to dig into hard problems, and enjoy giving feedback and reflections to your direct reports.

 What you bring to Uplight:

 You are an experienced Engineering Manager - you ideally have 3-7 years of professional experience.
 An ability to mentor, coach, and sponsor your direct reports; an ability to shift between these management modes.
 Prioritizes psychological safety; your team achieves a healthy level of engagement.
 A commitment to curiosity over a commitment to being right.
 The ability to balance achieving business goals with sustainable development practices.
 You are able to weigh several and often conflicting constraints and make rapid decisions in a fast-moving and quickly-growing company.
 An ability to develop relationships across the organization in support of efficient delivery of work.
 The ability to manage up, down, and across a set of smart, passionate professionals.
 You possess exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
 You are highly organized. With many people doing many things in a fast-moving company, strong organizational skills—both for yourself and for the team—will be required.
 Committed to high quality and high value results, negotiates what’s best for Uplight.

 Bonus Points:

 Experience with growing teams and managing through change.
 Familiarity with resilient management techniques and conscious leadership.
 Solid experience with a growth stage software company.
 Excellent presence and public speaking skills.
 Experience using Objectives and Key Results to drive focus on the most important work.
 A desire to teach and facilitate continued learning amongst your management peer group.

 What Makes Working at Uplight Amazing:
 In addition to all the standard medical and dental benefits, that kick in Day 1, we are:

 Proud to be over 500+ purpose-driven individuals helping to create a more sustainable planet.
 Committed to the environment, our employees, and our communities.
 Focused on career growth by following defined career ladders.
 Committed to taking our work and mission seriously and….we love to laugh!

 We also provide:

 401k Match
 Medical, vision, and dental insurance
 Monthly wellness stipend
 Peer to peer recognition program
 Management by objectives bonus plan
 Innovative flexible time off
 Exceptionally collaborative and cool office spaces (once we reopen them)

 Salary Range: $150,000 to $180,000
 In accordance with the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, the approximate annual base compensation range is listed above. The actual offer, reflecting the total compensation package and benefits, will be determined by a number of factors including the applicant's experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity.
 Uplight provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race (including hair texture and hairstyles), color, religion (including head coverings), age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws


Please apply here: https://app.dover.io/apply/benchling/972cbf6b-650d-420d-841a-e8c19bc76fa2?rs=55634680
Over the coming years, biotech will fundamentally rewrite the way we live. Gene editing and cell therapy are dramatically changing how we treat cancer and other major illnesses. Biofuels and biomaterials are transforming the cars we drive, the clothes we wear, and the makeup of everyday objects. Crop science and synthetic biology are producing sustainable and ethical food. Benchling’s mission is to accelerate the research that propels us towards this reality, and magnify its impact, through modern software.
Every day, scientists around the world use Benchling’s applications, platform, & analytics in their efforts to solve humanity’s most pressing problems. For these scientists, Benchling is the central technology they use to conduct their research. Our customers include pharmaceutical giants, leading biotechs, and the world’s most renowned research institutes.
ROLE OVERVIEW
Benchling brings best-in-breed data infrastructure to the world’s leading biotech companies. As an Infrastructure Engineer, you’ll build the processes and underlying systems that power Benchling’s platform and applications. Ultimately, your work will be reflected in the agility, performance, reliability, and security of the Benchling platform.
Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) at Benchling is also part of the Infrastructure team. We empower engineers on other teams by making their work easier. As the Benchling engineering team triples in size, we’ll invest in our service architecture, monitoring. tooling, and site reliability processes so we can build the next generation of our product. Our users are generating more kinds of data at an increasing rate and they’re collaborating globally with each other, so our infrastructure needs to grow alongside them. In addition, the data our customers entrust us with is key to their businesses, so our platform needs to be highly reliable and trusted.
As a platform, Benchling is also a developer-facing product where we enable new forms of automation and integration in the life science space. Your work will be used more directly here - Benchling infrastructure extends or replaces our customers’ infrastructure to store/process data. You may build systems that form a data pipeline for experimental results, an event queue to trigger customer integrations, or a compute platform to deploy and scale custom analysis.
We are looking for strong engineers with 5+ years of experience to join as a member of the larger Platform team and work alongside other infrastructure-focused peers. You’ll collaborate with former Stripe, Google, and Facebook engineers to build a highly reliable, yet rapidly-evolving, backbone of our platform.
If you are to graduate with your Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in class of 2021-2022, please consider applying to our Software Engineer, New Graduate position here.
WHAT YOU MIGHT WORK ON

Design, build, and maintain core infrastructure hosted on AWS
Build developer-facing systems to test, build, and deploy Benchling’s software
Define and implement our infrastructural security posture
Develop monitoring/observability and automation as part of a lean operations function
Define and lead processes for site reliability that will be used across Engineering and Customer Experience
These are examples of projects we’ve worked on in the past or may work on in the near future - our projects are often changing, but this will hopefully give you an idea of the work to be done.
Iterating on our tenancy model and architecture to build out resource isolation, data segmentation, and deployment models as we scale our customer base.
Building a test and deploy pipeline on Buildkite - we have a large test suite and a large number of Benchling instances and need tools to deploy faster while maintaining the same degree of reliability.
Improving network performance for global users - this is an open-ended problem which needs to be solved as our user base becomes increasingly international.
Observability - mature our monitoring, tracing, and alerting systems so we have the right dashboards, notifications, and tools to quickly identify and resolve operational issues.
Automating remediation of fault conditions to improve overall reliability and eliminate repetitive operational tasks.
Building tooling and infrastructure for a more modular/service-based architecture - we’re not religious about microservices or monoliths, but we plan to scale our architecture with our engineering team.

ABOUT YOU

5+ more years of experience as a DevOps engineer, Site Reliability engineer, or Software Engineer building platform infrastructure.
Have experience with deployment and configuration management frameworks such as Terraform, Ansible, or Chef; with CI/CD systems such as BuildKite or Jenkins; and with containers and container management systems such as Kubernetes or Amazon ECS.
Understand cloud computing, virtualization, and microservices architectures. Experience with major cloud platforms, especially AWS, is a plus.
Write clear, well-tested code in Python, Java, Go, or Ruby.
Have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field.

LEADERSHIP PRINCIPLES

Admit mistakes and shortcomings
Deliver results
Disagree and commit
Obsess over customers
Rely on work ethic
Show empathy
Recruit and develop the best
Sweat the details
Think and communicate clearly
Unite around the mission

PERKS AND BENEFITS

Work with a talented yet humble team
Competitive compensation & equity package
Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats
401k, Medical, dental, and vision insurance (US Employees Only)
Monthly health & wellness stipend
Yearly educational stipend
Flexible & Generous Vacation Policy: If you feel you need a break, you can talk directly with your manager to find coverage and support while you are out of the office. Need time off to vote? We’ve got you covered.
Quarterly company-wide mental health days off
Holiday Shut-down: company-wide holiday shut-down between Christmas Eve and New Years
Major US and EMEA holidays observed
To support remote work conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000(USD) upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment.

In following best practices and safety protocols, all Benchling employees are expected to work remotely until we are further advised that it is safe for employees to resume work in their respective office locations.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law, including but not limited to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $220,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Please apply here:

https://app.dover.io/apply/benchling/972cbf6b-650d-420d-841a-e8c19bc76fa2?rs=55634680
Work Location: Remote


  Remote Front End Engineer - Remote 
  
   We have been in business for 45 yrs! Our portfolio consists of 12,000 global brands & 1,750 global retailers & distributors. We are widely profitable and make 3-4 acquisitions a year! We have 30% year over year growth.
   
 Despite our rapid growth, we have kept a people first & employee first culture. In fact, our Engineering organization is led by an industry leader who has had ZERO attrition. We did not lay off ONE PERSON in 2020 or 2021 and we paid bonuses to our staff before our executives got any! We are a fast paced environment and looking for people who want to scale, build long term careers and RETIRE with us!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop/enhance front-end user interface
Be a part of a larger development team, interface with Product,, DevOps, QA and Project teams
Understand requirements/code/test high-quality web apps
Take wireframes from conception-to-implementation
Use Agile/Kanban methodologies for SDLC
Maintain work backlog through JIRA
Collaborate with team members across locations and time zones

 What You Need for this Position

Angular
JavaScript
CSS
HTML/XHTML
JSON

 What's In It for You

16 Days PTO + 3 Floating Days + 7 other holidays! Your PTO rolls into the next calendar year, too! We also have 2 volunteer days per year!
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, Adoption Leave: 4 weeks for primary caregiver)
Tuition reimbursement $3,000 per year max, $5,000 lifetime max eligibility requirements include 1 year of employment with us before enrollment 
Financial Wellness programs (fully funded by us) through SmartDollar 
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance available 
Employee referral bonuses 
Identity Theft Protection (premium dependent on options selected)


    So, if you are a strong Front End Engineer with experience in Angular, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 


Do you want to work in a fast-paced and exciting environment, where no two days are the same? We’re looking for an Engineer Genesys who enjoys both a buzz and a challenge.
 Engineer Genesys
 Full-time, homebased in the US
 We’re BCD Travel, one of the world’s leading corporate travel management companies with offices around the globe. We help our clients travel smart and achieve more. People join our company because we provide a dynamic work environment, where no two days are the same. And our people stay with us because we care about their work-life balance. But don’t just take our word for it: we've been voted top place to work and recognized by Investors In People, Flexjobs and Forbes.
 As an Engineer Genesys, you are responsible for configuration and installation of voice and e-services in BCD Travels Contact Centers, as well as skill-based routing using DNIS Digits with integration to Agent Sip Servers, Trunking Sip Servers, Configuration Routers, and Statistical Servers. You will be working trouble tickets by analyzing, isolating, and diagnosing issues with Genesys applications.
 A snapshot of this opportunity

Managing the configuration of telecommunications operations for multiple sites, software and reporting programming
Assuring control, reliability, performance, and security of voice communications
Administrating and programming maintenance of speech recognition, registration, and screen pop, and CTI programming
Testing all programming configuration before, during, and after all implementations
Handling customer requests in a timely and accurate manner

How you can set yourself apart

Previous experience with Telecom and Network System Design
Knowledge of technical development and analysis
Good understanding of contact center systems
Excellent communication skills with good verbal and written communications  

What we offer you

 At BCD Travel, we work with highly motivated and passionate people. We value open communication, collaboration, and a flexible work-life balance. We offer unique, often global, experiences that empower you to develop and grow within the organization. Sustainability and helping others is also high on our list. We make a difference through charitable activities in our communities across the globe.
 About us
 BCD Travel helps companies make the most of what they spend on travel. We give travelers innovative tools that keep them safe and productive and help them make good choices on the road. We partner with travel and procurement leaders to simplify the complexities of business travel, drive savings and satisfaction, and move whole companies toward their goals. In short, we help our clients travel smart and achieve more. We make this happen in 109 countries with a global client retention rate of 98%, the highest in the industry. For more information, visit www.bcdtravel.com. 
Interested?
 Create your profile and upload your resume/cover letter via our website. Feel free to reach out to us with any questions via careers@bcdtravel.com. Note: send your application via the website only. 
Stay informed about new career opportunities at BCD Travel
 Use the 'notify me' button in our careers center to be one of the first to hear about interesting opportunities in the future. On the left-hand side of the screen, you can select filters to see updates on all vacancies that match your interest.

Note: We’ll give preference to internal and/or furloughed employees.



 #LI-VP1
 #LI-remote

CAJM



 #LI


The Company
RaLytics LLC is a leading healthcare information technology company that provides a full range of professional, software development, analytics, and executive-level advisory services in the areas of healthcare strategy, risk optimization, business transformation, and Risk Adjustment. These services assist healthcare payers, providers, and compliance experts deliver effective solutions that reduces cost and financial risks while improving revenue efficiencies and patient care.
Our Culture
RaLytics is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. RaLytics’ strength lies in the breadth and depth of our employees’ experience and expertise. We employ and maintain a talented team of data scientists, AI developers, medical record coders, clinicians, healthcare policy experts, and are networked with industry experts with extensive experience on-the ground and in the boardroom. Our internal team coupled with our external partners create an effective network of seasoned professionals and organizations that are here to significantly improve the healthcare risk adjustment eco system.
Candidate Opportunity
RaLytics seeks a highly talented and self-motivated software engineer to join our Risk Adjustment Platform product development team. The primary responsibility of this role is to enhance current functionality and build new features to expand the depth and breadth of our backend/cloud and customer-facing application components of the platform with a strong focus on enterprise-level data exchange.
Who You Are

Great at solving problems, debugging, troubleshooting, and designing and implementing solutions to complex technical issues
Thrive on teamwork and have excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong technical and analytical abilities with a knack for driving impact and growth

What Will You Do

Work with our seasoned product development team to implement robust and winning cloud-based applications for our product offerings
Influence architecture and design for critical projects while developing software from concept through completion (develop, document, test, deploy, and debug)
Communicate with internal and external clients to understand business needs and provide engaging user experience and workflow solutions
Contribute to the scalability of our software beyond application code, such as data modeling, query optimization, strong security, and efficient logging and monitoring
Work in a collaborative environment, partnering with other developers and technologists of all backgrounds and disciplines to bring user-centric design and scalable serverless computing to the challenges of payment integrity for the healthcare industry

Required professional and technical expertise
* Applicants must reside in Florida.

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related fields
3+ years’ experience developing with front-end technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, VueJS (or equivalent)
3+ years’ experience with cloud-based application development (AWS or Azure) and serverless services (e.g. AWS Lambda, Azure Functions) using one or more of the following languages: Python, Java, Node.js
Knowledge of RESTful APIs and authentication methods (e.g. OAuth, SAML)
Working knowledge of Object-Oriented Design Principles and MVC concepts
Experience with no-SQL and relational database design and development
Familiar with Git and basic DevOps concepts
Working knowledge using Flack/Django for website development is a plus
Experience with HL7 and FHIR and/or healthcare application development is a big plus

What we offer

An amazing team determined to improve healthcare with leading-edge technologies.
A creative environment where you will be proud of your work and accomplishments.
The opportunity to apply cutting-edge data analysis methods to real-world problems.
Medical, Dental, Vision
401K and Discretionary Profit Sharing
11 Federal Holidays + Paid Time Off (PTO) Accrual
Professional Development
Telework with minimal travel

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $115,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

Cloud-based application development (AWS or Azure): 3 years (Required)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
At GrayMatter, our goal is to transform operations and empower people. As digital transformations in every industry are underway, we partner with some of the largest companies in the world to help harness their data and use it to work smarter. After all, the industry is buzzing with talk of how to leverage the power of Big Data, the Internet of Things (IoT) and the Industrial Internet. We provide innovative, data-driven technology solutions for the industry’s most complex problems. Our customers lean on us to protect and connect their critical assets with their people, so every operator is empowered to be the best operator.

And that’s where you come in.

GrayMatter is dedicated to creating a team that has the best talent our industries have to offer. Our organizational cultures express a team-oriented environment, and encourages a successful future with vast learning opportunities. Our team understands that our core values are critical to our success and make our company stand above the rest. Accountability, Integrity, Respect, Innovation and Teamwork make up our DNA.

Everyday, our team is doing amazing things such as:
Protecting the nation’s water supply
Improving US manufacturing operations
Monitoring the nation’s power and oil & gas production
Keeping our critical infrastructure safe from cyber attacks
Can you see yourself doing this every day? Joining our team means being a part of a culture that lives by its core values. Our goal is to make a difference where it counts.
GrayMatter is an Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Private Company for 6 years in a row, an Inc. Best Workplaces recipient, as well as a Pittsburgh Technology Council Tech 50 and Pittsburgh Business Times Fast 50 award winning company

We're looking for an Automation Engineer, with specific experience with GE Cimplicity, to join our team! This position will focus on managing specialized work efficiently, with confidence and competence. The position requires above average attention to details, concern for the exact correctness of work, and strong commitment to tasks completed on time. The person in this position will take work seriously, has a strong sense of duty, and is disciplined. The position will generally be task oriented, requiring someone with a conservative, careful, and cautious approach to work.

General Job Duties:
Configuring GrayMatter software and hardware for client needs with a focus on GE Cimplicity
SCADA Development
Installing PLCs and HMI applications
Designing, developing and implementing solutions to resolve customer issues
Consulting with and training end users on new applications
Assisting in project development and planning
Performing onsite pilots, testing and demos
Providing technical assistance to the sales team
Knowledge, Skills and Experience Needed:
Bachelor’s Degree in an applicable Engineering field (Electrical, Mechatronics, or comparable preferred) or Associate’s Degree with 4 years’ experience.
Experience with industrial application programming languages
At least 5 years of experience with GE Cimplicity
Excellent level of general computer technology knowledge, from gSuite and MS Office to TCP/IP configurations and more.
Acute attention to detail and process
Strong ability to solve problems and research solutions
Excellent customer service attitude
Willing and able to travel
This position will be REMOTE however must sit in: 
North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Michigan
Day to Day: 
Insight Global is looking for a client engineer for one of our major healthcare clients. This individual will be responsible for assisting with new operating system development, package development and package deployment. This person will be responsible for maintaining the architecture, maintenance, configuration and integrity of the End User Computing environments including desktops, printers, laptops, and mobile devices. This person will work with IT personnel, vendors, consultants, and customers for implementation of new or revised functions. They will assist with researching industry trends and developments and how to incorporate them into the organization. They will help to coordinate with third party vendors for maintenance to existing environments and planning for additional capacity and upgrades. This role will sit fully remote.
Must Haves: 

1+ years of experience with End User Computing
1+ year of experience with SCCM/Microsoft End Point
Experience with End Point Management
Experience with Device Management

Plusses: 

Scripting experience
Experience with Virtual Desktop
Experience with Active Directory

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

How many years of End User Computing experience do you have?

Experience:

SCCM / Microsoft End Point: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote

Are you interested in working on state-of-the-art hardware, software and middleware for High-Performance Computing (HPC), AI, and Cloud?
X-ScaleSolutions is looking for an enthusiastic Software Test Engineer to join the product development team focusing on HPC, Message Passing Interface (MPI), Deep Learning (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Horovod) and network programming with modern HPC interconnects (InfiniBand, Omni-path, 10-100GigE/iWARP and RoCE) and accelerators (GPUs).
X-ScaleSolutions is a start-up based in Columbus, Ohio. We specialize in a range of high-performance and scalable solutions for current generation HPC and cloud systems ranging from small deployments of a couple of systems to multi-petaflop systems and the emerging Exascale systems. The mission of the company is to develop innovative and leading edge software products, with a focus on four areas: 1) High-Performance Computing, 2) Big Data, 3) Deep Learning, and 4) Cloud Computing.
As a software test engineer, you will work with the product development teams. You are expected to understand the product functions, specific features, and requirements; perform systematic and comprehensive testing on HPC systems and cloud to identify potential functionality and performance issues; and take care of suitable improvements, performance tuning and optimizations. Ultimately, you will be responsible to ensure that the final products meet the quality and performance standards.
Technical expertise required:

Strong skills in the use of Linux and its software development tools
C programming
Bash or equivalent script programming (including Python)

The ideal candidate will have:

Familiar with the typical design cycle (design, develop, test, tune, release, bug fixes, etc. and the CI/CD process) for producing and maintaining high-quality software and the associated tools
The ability to work independently in a team setting
A background in computer science or computer engineering

Flexible schedule. Remote candidates will be considered. Must be eligible to work in the US.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $75,478.00 - $144,586.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Life insurance
Paid time off
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Signing bonus

Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)

Experience:

c programming: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: Remote
Under Armour has one mission: to make you better. We have a commitment to innovation that lies at the heart of everything we do, not just for our athletes but also for our teammates. As a global organization, our teams around the world push boundaries and think beyond what is expected. Together our teammates are unified by our values and are grounded in our vision to inspire you with performance solutions you never knew you needed but can’t imagine living without.
Position Summary
Note- This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
Under Armour is seeking a full stack Software Engineering Lead to help architect and build fast, frictionless experiences across the globe as part of our growing Ecommerce Engineering team. The Software Engineering Lead will hold responsibility for front-end initiatives across multiple platforms. The ideal candidate has a passion for collaboration with cross functional partners, can adapt to technology change and evolution, and is eager to find creative solutions to technical issues.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Technically lead a group of engineers, providing architectural guidance, code reviews, and mentorship
Execute full lifecycle software development
Build and maintain efficient UI applications and components to support backend services integration with a variety of third-party systems
Document and maintain software functionality
Communicate clear execution plans to both technical teammates and non-technical business partners
Act as owner for setting standards and best practices to improve performance, availability and scalability based on both technical and business considerations
Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills & Abilities)
Expertise with modern web development - focus on frontend capabilities (Javascript, React, CSS, HTML)
Ability to technically support hands on & guide work including frontend development, enhancing performance, tracking setup and strategies, A/B tests, SEO, accessibility, and efficient content delivery
Ideal candidate has exposure to some of the following disciplines/practices:
Tagging & Analytics (ex: Adobe DTM/Launch, Tealium, Google Tag Manager)
Content Management Systems (ex: CoreMedia, Magnolia, Contentful, AEM),
A/B Testing (ex: Adobe Target, AB Tasty, Evergage)
Nice to have, but not required: knowledge of Salesforce Commerce Cloud (SFCC) or other commerce platforms, experience building a PWA
Education And / Or Experience
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or 7+ years of hands-on experience in a development environment.
Strong desire to learn and is quick to pick up new concepts
Passion for development and ability to dig into solving problems
Relocation
No relocation provided
This role is REMOTE; we will consider candidates who are located anywhere within the United States.
At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.
Learn more about Under Armour’s COVID-19 response and Teammate vaccination policies here.


Announcement



      Details 
     





Open Date


         05/17/2022
        




Requisition Number


         PRN30578B
        




Job Title


         Associate Software Developer
        




Working Title


         Associate Software Developer
        




Job Grade


         E
        




FLSA Code


         Computer Employee
        




Patient Sensitive Job Code?


         No
        




Standard Hours per Week


         40
        




Full Time or Part Time?


         Full Time
        




Shift


         Day
        




Work Schedule Summary



Monday – Friday
100% telecommuting position
Utah Residents Preferred








VP Area


         U of U Health - Academics
        




Department


         01828 - Univ Faculty Info & Support
        




Location


         Campus
        




City


         Salt Lake City, UT
        




Type of Recruitment


         External Posting
        




Pay Rate Range


         56,000 to 64,000 starting, Depending on qalifications
        




Close Date






Open Until Filled


         Yes
        




Job Summary



          Codes software applications to adhere to designs supporting internal business requirements or external customers. Standardizes the quality assurance procedure for software. Oversees testing and develops fixes.
          


          This is an entry level position with a built-in career path. The candidates we seek should have a deep interest in building their skills and knowledge, and a curiosity about the field of software development. Our team will help you grow into a full-stack web developer and give you hands on experience with cutting edge technologies and frameworks.
          

About University Faculty Information & Support

           University Faculty Information & Support provides administrative applications and support to leadership across all colleges at the University of Utah including University of Utah Health Academics (non-clinical). Our information systems and integration with other institutional data sources allow us to provide comprehensive management of financial data, financial processes, faculty data and faculty-centric processes in support of the various missions of the university.
          

Benefits

           The University of Utah offers extremely competitive benefits including
         

An out-of-this-world 401(a) retirement program
Top quality Health, Vision, and Dental with rock-bottom premiums and co-pays. (it pays to work for an organization that has their own health care system)
Access to the University’s athletic and fitness facilities






Responsibilities


Problem Solving

           Has knowledge of standard concepts, practices, and procedures within a particular field. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of tasks. Works under general supervision. A certain degree of creativity and latitude required. Reports to a software development manager and works on project teams as assigned.
         







Minimum Qualifications


         Requires a bachelor’s degree in a related area or equivalency and 1-3 years of experience in the field or in a related area.
         
 Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.
        




Preferences


Computer Science graduate or soon-to-graduate from the University of Utah.
Some experience with web design and databases is preferred.
Curiosity!
A desire to learn, grow, and build new skills.





Type


         Benefited Staff
        




Special Instructions Summary






Additional Information



The University of Utah values candidates who have experience working in settings with students from diverse backgrounds and possess a strong commitment to improving access to higher education for historically underrepresented students.





Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities and protected veterans are encouraged to apply. Veterans’ preference is extended to qualified applicants, upon request and consistent with University policy and Utah state law. Upon request, reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to individuals with disabilities.





The University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and does not discriminate based upon race, ethnicity, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, pregnancy-related conditions, genetic information, or protected veteran’s status. The University does not discriminate on the basis of sex in the education program or activity that it operates, as required by Title IX and 34 
CFR
 part 106. The requirement not to discriminate in education programs or activities extends to admission and employment. Inquiries about the application of Title IX and its regulations may be referred to the Title IX Coordinator, to the Department of Education, Office for Civil Rights, or both.





To request a reasonable accommodation for a disability or if you or someone you know has experienced discrimination or sexual misconduct including sexual harassment, you may contact the Director/Title IX Coordinator in the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action:





Director/ Title IX Coordinator


Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action (
OEO
/AA)


135 Park Building


Salt Lake City, UT 84112


801-581-8365


oeo@utah.edu


Online reports may be submitted at 
oeo.utah.edu


To inquire about this posting, email: 
employment@utah.edu
 or call 801-581-2300.






The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems (“URS”). Eligible new hires with prior 
URS
 service, may elect to enroll in 
URS
 if they make the election before they become eligible for retirement (usually the first day of work). Contact Human Resources at (801) 581-7447 for information. Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from 
URS
 are subject to URS’ post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.





This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.












  About Blackhawk Network: 
  
    At Blackhawk Network, we shape the future of global branded payments through the prepaid products, technologies and network that connect brands and people. Our collaborative innovation and scalable, security-minded solutions help our partners to increase reach, loyalty and revenue. We believe our future holds great things for Blackhawk Network and its partners. We believe that together, we can shape the future. Our beliefs? Win as one team, be innovative, global excellence and be inspiring!
  

 Responsibilities: 
  
Perform all phases of software engineering including design, development, testing, and deployment in an Agile software development environment
 Design and develop new features using various languages, we primarily use Java/Spring
 Collaborate with other teams and conduct new technology research for product development and recommend product enhancements
 Actively participate in code reviews, analyze results and choose the best solution
 Manage deadlines and prioritize tasks
 Continuously focus on improving the software quality and performance
 Participate in Information Security analysis and remediation
 Troubleshoot customer issues and communicate effectively to internal and external stakeholders
 Qualifications: 
  
Must have at least 1 year of prior work experience in each of the following:
 Analyzing software requirements, designing and developing enterprise Java/J2EE applications using OOAD, UML and various design patterns.
 Performing Unit and Integration testing of Java applications.
 Identifying, debugging and fixing programming defects and application issues in development, testing and production environments.
 Java/J2EE, Spring boot, Web Services, XML, DB2, PL/SQL, JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3.
 EEO Statement: 
  
    Blackhawk Network provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Blackhawk Network believes that diversity leads to strength. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
  



Participate in requirements analysis
Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture
Write clean, scalable code using .NET programming languages
Test and deploy applications and systems
Revise, update, refactor and debug code
Improve existing software
Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Serve as an expert on applications and provide technical support

Job Type: Full-time
Salary: From $70,395.00 per year
Benefits:

Health insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Assist with developing automated workflows and developing platform interfaces that are used to connect multiple systems into a common communication hub.
EXPECTATIONS

Designs and codes programs; creates and runs test transactions; uses insights gained to produce necessary design and code revisions. Is willing to take calculated risks.
Conducts analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems, providing ongoing feedback.
Identifies technical obstacles early and works closely with team to find creative solutions.
Educates team members (including BSAs, Scrum Masters and Product Owners) on capabilities and constraints of technology platforms.
Reviews, analyzes, and modifies programming systems, including coding, testing, debugging and installing for a large-scale system.
Maintains meticulous records to document program development and revisions.
Consistently shares best practices and improve processes within and across sprint teams.
Suggest solutions to critical business problems for the team by automating workflows.
Performs other duties as assigned.

EDUCATION - REQUIRED

BS - Bachelor of Sciences

EXPERIENCE/SKILLS

3+ years of experience developing full stack (MERN) application
Extensive development experience with React, NodeJS. Must understand modern JavaScript principals including Promises, ES6, async/await and TypeScript
Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) and testing frameworks in JavaScript/Python
Some experience with Python and libraries such as; pandas, numpy etc.
Understanding of modern development paradigms including – CI/CD, source control
Hands on experience with crafting CI/CD pipelines
Experience consuming REST APIs
Relational Database with Postgres
Worked within an AWS cloud – ECS, Fargate, Lambda
Experience or knowledge of Container technology such as Docker
Always learning willing to learn
Able to iterate on a design and work quickly within a highly collaborative team environment
Adopt and embrace the Agile principals
Ability to write clean and clear documentation

Additional Information
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.
Finance of America is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, religion, creed, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, gender identity and/or expression, marital status, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Retirement plan
Vision insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift
Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote

Software Engineer II

First, let’s talk Tech.

Here is a list of our platforms. Don’t worry, you don’t have to be a master at them all. Ideally, you will have experience in at least 2 of them.

.NET Core
React Native
Azure Functions
Cosmos DB
Kafka
SignalR
As a Software Engineer II at Client, you will:
Bring at least 3 to 5 of experience to the table
Work collaboratively with designers, product managers, and engineers
Leverage cutting-edge technologies and modern practices
Build and ship high-quality code at a rapid pace
Work with open source tools to build new technologies
Participate in design thinking activities to improve the user experience
Work in a collaborative organization in a remote work environment, while having access to the amenities the Pittsburgh campus has to offer.

We believe that there is always a better way.So, we will expect you to:

Continuously learn modern software design and development core practices, utilizing articles, MeetUps, conferences, tech talks, etc.
Review and discuss code with engineering peers and leaders to understand best practices and optimal design patterns
Increase your business acumen by consistently learning about other parts of the business

Lastly, here’s some stuff that won’t be part of your day-to-day.At Client you won’t:

Work in a silo
Be limited by project plans
Find yourself stuck in a boring cube
Pay to park or be stuck in a corporate high-rise
Be pigeonholed into proprietary and stagnant codebases

*
*
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $85,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 +13134372307

· Must-Have Skills: 
o This is infrastructure Devops not application Devops position
o They prefer from data center background / networking/ systems side/ administration background – as this is for 5G project
o deploying AWS infrastructure - with core AWS services such as EC2, VPC, IAM, S3 and RDS
o IaC, with Terraform (Strong )
o experience building CI/CD pipelines
o AWS Associate-level Certification (required within 6 months of employment) - Preferred
Job Type: Contract
Pay: $70.00 - $90.00 per hour
Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Experience:

AWS: 1 year (Required)
Terraform: 2 years (Required)
CI/CD: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote



Position Purpose:
 The Software Engineer II is responsible for independently developing and assisting in the design of a product that our customers and associates love. As a Software Engineer II, you will be part of a dynamic team with engineers of all experience levels who help each other build and grow technical and leadership skills while creating, deploying, and supporting production applications. In addition, Software Engineer IIs may be involved in configuration, security, resilience, performance tuning and production monitoring.
   

Major Tasks, Responsibilities & Key Accountabilities:
 60% Delivery and Execution - Collaborates and pairs with other product team members (UX, engineering, and product management) to create secure, reliable, scalable software solutions; Documents, reviews and ensures that all quality and change control standards are met; Works with Product Team to ensure user stories that are developer-ready, easy to understand, and testable; Writes custom code or scripts to automate infrastructure, monitoring services, and test cases; Writes custom code or scripts to do destructive testing to ensure adequate resiliency in production; Program configuration/modification and setup activities on large projects using HD approved methodology; Configures commercial off the shelf solutions to align with evolving business needs Creates meaningful dashboards, logging, alerting, and responses to ensure that issues are captured and addressed proactively
   
 20% Learning - Actively seeks ways to grow and be challenged using both formal and informal development channels; Learns through successful and failed experiment when tackling new problems
   
 20% Plans and Aligns - Collaborates with other team members in agile processes; Assists in creating new and better ways for the team to be successful; Relates openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people; Builds partnerships and works collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives
   

Nature and Scope:
 This position typically repots to Software Engineer Manager or Sr. Manager
    This position has 0 Direct Reports
   
 For Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City residents: The pay range for this position is between $50k and $170k. Starting salary may vary based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the position being offered, location, education, training, and/or experience. The Home Depot offers additional competitive financial and non-financial benefits, which may include a performance-based bonus program or a profit sharing program depending on position.
   

Environment:
 1. Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
   
Travel:
 No travel required.
   


 Standard Minimum Qualifications:
 Must be eighteen years of age or older.
    Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.
   

Education Required:
 The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a bachelor's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.
   

Years of Relevant Work Experience:
 2 years
   

Physical Requirements:
 Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
   

Preferred Qualifications:


1-3 years of relevant work experience
Experience in writing SQL queries against a relational database
Experience in version control systems
Experience in front end technology such as HTML, CSS, and Javascript/Typescript frameworks
Experience in an object-oriented programming language (preferably Java)
Experience in source code version control
Experience in Relational or noSQL database technology
Experience in cloud computing techniques
Experience in CI/CD tools
Experience in microservice-based architecture
Experience with modern debugging and root cause analysis techniques
Exposure to security frameworks for user and services authorization and authentication
Exposure to creating and executing unit, functional, destructive and performance tests


 Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:


Global Perspective
Manages Ambiguity
Nimble Learning
Self-Development
Collaborates
Cultivates Innovation
Situational Adaptability
Communicates Effectively
Drives Results
Interpersonal Savvy




Please apply here: https://app.dover.io/apply/benchling/972cbf6b-650d-420d-841a-e8c19bc76fa2?rs=55634680
Over the coming years, biotech will fundamentally rewrite the way we live. Gene editing and cell therapy are dramatically changing how we treat cancer and other major illnesses. Biofuels and biomaterials are transforming the cars we drive, the clothes we wear, and the makeup of everyday objects. Crop science and synthetic biology are producing sustainable and ethical food. Benchling’s mission is to accelerate the research that propels us towards this reality, and magnify its impact, through modern software.
Every day, scientists around the world use Benchling’s applications, platform, & analytics in their efforts to solve humanity’s most pressing problems. For these scientists, Benchling is the central technology they use to conduct their research. Our customers include pharmaceutical giants, leading biotechs, and the world’s most renowned research institutes.
ROLE OVERVIEW
Benchling brings best-in-breed data infrastructure to the world’s leading biotech companies. As an Infrastructure Engineer, you’ll build the processes and underlying systems that power Benchling’s platform and applications. Ultimately, your work will be reflected in the agility, performance, reliability, and security of the Benchling platform.
Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) at Benchling is also part of the Infrastructure team. We empower engineers on other teams by making their work easier. As the Benchling engineering team triples in size, we’ll invest in our service architecture, monitoring. tooling, and site reliability processes so we can build the next generation of our product. Our users are generating more kinds of data at an increasing rate and they’re collaborating globally with each other, so our infrastructure needs to grow alongside them. In addition, the data our customers entrust us with is key to their businesses, so our platform needs to be highly reliable and trusted.
As a platform, Benchling is also a developer-facing product where we enable new forms of automation and integration in the life science space. Your work will be used more directly here - Benchling infrastructure extends or replaces our customers’ infrastructure to store/process data. You may build systems that form a data pipeline for experimental results, an event queue to trigger customer integrations, or a compute platform to deploy and scale custom analysis.
We are looking for strong engineers with 5+ years of experience to join as a member of the larger Platform team and work alongside other infrastructure-focused peers. You’ll collaborate with former Stripe, Google, and Facebook engineers to build a highly reliable, yet rapidly-evolving, backbone of our platform.
If you are to graduate with your Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in class of 2021-2022, please consider applying to our Software Engineer, New Graduate position here.
WHAT YOU MIGHT WORK ON

Design, build, and maintain core infrastructure hosted on AWS
Build developer-facing systems to test, build, and deploy Benchling’s software
Define and implement our infrastructural security posture
Develop monitoring/observability and automation as part of a lean operations function
Define and lead processes for site reliability that will be used across Engineering and Customer Experience
These are examples of projects we’ve worked on in the past or may work on in the near future - our projects are often changing, but this will hopefully give you an idea of the work to be done.
Iterating on our tenancy model and architecture to build out resource isolation, data segmentation, and deployment models as we scale our customer base.
Building a test and deploy pipeline on Buildkite - we have a large test suite and a large number of Benchling instances and need tools to deploy faster while maintaining the same degree of reliability.
Improving network performance for global users - this is an open-ended problem which needs to be solved as our user base becomes increasingly international.
Observability - mature our monitoring, tracing, and alerting systems so we have the right dashboards, notifications, and tools to quickly identify and resolve operational issues.
Automating remediation of fault conditions to improve overall reliability and eliminate repetitive operational tasks.
Building tooling and infrastructure for a more modular/service-based architecture - we’re not religious about microservices or monoliths, but we plan to scale our architecture with our engineering team.

ABOUT YOU

5+ more years of experience as a DevOps engineer, Site Reliability engineer, or Software Engineer building platform infrastructure.
Have experience with deployment and configuration management frameworks such as Terraform, Ansible, or Chef; with CI/CD systems such as BuildKite or Jenkins; and with containers and container management systems such as Kubernetes or Amazon ECS.
Understand cloud computing, virtualization, and microservices architectures. Experience with major cloud platforms, especially AWS, is a plus.
Write clear, well-tested code in Python, Java, Go, or Ruby.
Have a bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related field.

LEADERSHIP PRINCIPLES

Admit mistakes and shortcomings
Deliver results
Disagree and commit
Obsess over customers
Rely on work ethic
Show empathy
Recruit and develop the best
Sweat the details
Think and communicate clearly
Unite around the mission

PERKS AND BENEFITS

Work with a talented yet humble team
Competitive compensation & equity package
Weekly virtual social events, and annual company retreats
401k, Medical, dental, and vision insurance (US Employees Only)
Monthly health & wellness stipend
Yearly educational stipend
Flexible & Generous Vacation Policy: If you feel you need a break, you can talk directly with your manager to find coverage and support while you are out of the office. Need time off to vote? We’ve got you covered.
Quarterly company-wide mental health days off
Holiday Shut-down: company-wide holiday shut-down between Christmas Eve and New Years
Major US and EMEA holidays observed
To support remote work conditions during the COVID-19 pandemic, Benchling provides each employee a one-time stipend of $1,000(USD) upon commencing employment, and additional discounted employee purchase plans for home-office equipment.

In following best practices and safety protocols, all Benchling employees are expected to work remotely until we are further advised that it is safe for employees to resume work in their respective office locations.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law, including but not limited to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $150,000.00 - $220,000.00 per year
Benefits:

Dental insurance
Health insurance
Paid time off
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Application Question(s):

Please apply here:

https://app.dover.io/apply/benchling/972cbf6b-650d-420d-841a-e8c19bc76fa2?rs=55634680
Work Location: Remote

About FeedonomicsAs a leading product feed management platform, Feedonomics partners with agencies, brands, and retailers to optimize and list their products on the top ecommerce shopping destinations around the world.What makes us different from other SaaS companies in the space?We manage everything from integration and full-service onboarding to ongoing feed maintenance for our clients, enabling them to expand their ecommerce business more efficiently.Since its inception in 2014, Feedonomics has developed an incredible reputation for our full-service approach to feed management, our inclusive culture, and our industry-leading technology. With principles that go beyond optics, Feedonomics looks to deliver the same people-first strategy internally as we do externally.The RoleWe are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Full Stack Software Engineer to join the Engineering team at Feedonomics with fully remote work setup. In this role, you will be developing the amazing features that power our robust and scalable SaaS platform, building an API, consuming an API, and scaling an API.The Responsibilities

Implement scalable PHP APIs, services and solutions from concept to production as part of a focused product team
Engage in all aspects of the software development process, including design, development, testing, deployment, code reviews, debugging, and documentation
Collaborate directly with customers and third-party partners to engineer custom-fitting solutions within the context of our product
Write clean, reusable and quality code, adhering to best practices (and contribute towards continuous improvement of those practices)
Optimize existing software for improved efficiency
Collaborate with other Engineers to ensure the right event data is provided in the right format

The Requirements

3+ years of experience with software development in full stack technologies
1+ years experience with PHP (Strongly preferred)
1+ years experience with MySQL or similar technology
1+ years experience with HTML/JS/CSS (AngularJS and Bootstrap 3 are a bonus)
Strong grasp of software engineering fundamentals and design principles.
Comfortable with using Linux and git
Ability to perform time and memory complexity analysis
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including strong technical presentation skills
BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related technical field

What's in it for you?

This is a remote position
Competitive pay
Medical, dental, and vision (VSP) insurance
Additional cost saving programs, such as Health Care FSA and HSA, dependent care flexible spending accounts, life insurance, and more
401K retirement plans
Family benefits, such as parental leave, newborn sick leave, adoption assistance, and more
Unlimited PTO for salaried positions and up to three weeks for hourly employees
Monthly half-day Fridays (yes, really!)
Flexible work scheduling
Virtual and in-person team events
Philanthropy partnership and volunteer days off
Employee resource groups for people of color, LGBTQ+, veterans, caregivers, and more
Employee assistance programs (a free benefits program that offers counseling services for issues relating to mental health, substance abuse, bereavement, and more)
Educational assistance
Pet insurance
Refer-a-friend bonuses
Discounted gym memberships
Commuter benefits

E9FZHR5dPu
Job Type: Full-time


At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we’re one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. 

Job Description 
This position will be responsible for the analysis, design, testing, development and maintenance of best in class software experiences. The candidate is a self-motivated individual who can collaborate with a team and across the organization. The candidate takes responsibility of the software artifacts produced adhering to U.S. Bank standards in order to ensure minimal impact to the customer experience. The candidate will be adept with the agile software development lifecycle and DevOps principles. 

#LI-REMOTE 


Essential Responsibilities: 


Responsible for designing, developing, testing, operating and maintaining products. 
Takes full stack ownership by consistently writing production-ready and testable code. 
Consistently creates optimal design adhering to architectural best practices; considers scalability, reliability and performance of systems/contexts affected when defining technical designs. 
Makes sound design/coding decisions keeping customer experience in the forefront. 
Takes feedback from code review and apply changes to meet standards. Conducts code reviews to provide guidance on engineering best practices and compliance with development procedures. 
Accountable for ensuring all aspects of product development follow compliance and security best practices. 
Exhibits relentless focus in software reliability engineering standards embedded into development standards. 
Embraces emerging technology opportunities and contributes to the best practices in support of the bank's technology transformation. 
Contributes to a culture of innovation, collaboration and continuous improvement. 
Reviews tasks critically and ensures they are appropriately prioritized and sized for incremental delivery. Anticipates and communicates blockers and delays before they require escalation. 



Basic Qualifications 

Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience 
Three to five years of relevant experience 


Preferred Skills/Experience 

Must have 3 years of experience in . Net . 
Basic experience with the public cloud preferably Azure 
Ability to develop in Java Script/ REACT and also experienced with C# development. 
Knowledge in using automation using scripting tools/languages 
Use of DevOps tooling ( Jenkins, source control, etc) 
Implementation of monitoring and logging tools ( App Dynamics, Splunk ) 
Experience operating applications with zero downtime and 100% availability 
Understands and models agile behaviors and concepts 
Experience with many of the following areas: 
Adept with agile software development lifecycle and DevOps principles 
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 


If there’s anything we can do to accommodate a disability during any portion of the application or hiring process, please refer to our disability accommodations for applicants . 

Benefits:  Take care of yourself and your family with U.S. Bank employee benefits. We know that healthy employees are happy employees, and we believe that work/life balance should be easy to achieve. That's why we share the cost of benefits and offer a variety of programs, resources and support you need to bring your full self to work and stay present and committed to the people who matter most - your family. 

Learn all about U.S. Bank employee benefits, including tuition reimbursement, retirement plans and more, by visiting careers.usbank.com . 

EEO is the Law  Applicants can learn more about the company’s status as an equal opportunity employer by viewing the federal EEO is the Law poster. 

E-Verify 
U.S. Bank participates in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security E-Verify program in all facilities located in the United States and certain U.S. territories. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based employment eligibility verification system operated by the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. Learn more about the E-Verify program . 
Due to legal requirements, U.S. Bank requires that the successful candidate hired for some positions be fully-vaccinated for COVID-19, absent being granted an accommodation due to a medical condition, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious belief or other legally required exemption. For these positions, as part of the conditional offer of employment, the successful candidate will be asked to provide proof of vaccination or approval for an accommodation or exemption upon hire.
 


RE: Site Reliability Engineer (SRE)
Job Description: 
Do you have a passion to belong to an organization where your contributions goa long way? Do you want to belong to an intimate but growing team that ispassionate about innovation, collaboration and exceptional client service?At Atrium, we’re passionate about building software that solves problems. Wecount on our site reliability engineer (SRE) to empower our users with a richfeature set, high availability, and stellar performance level. As we expand ourclient deployments, we are currently seeking an experienced SRE. Specifically,we are searching for someone who brings fresh ideas, demonstrates a uniqueand informed viewpoint, and enjoys collaborating with a cross-functional team todevelop real-world solutions and positive user experience in every interaction.
Objectives

Live by and champion our values: #clientjoy, #teamspirit,

#enthusiasm, #initiative, #gratitude

Operations - provide primary operational support for large, high

availability SaaS applications

Growth - develop new cloud solutions in accordance with best

practices

Maintenance - modify, upgrade, and improve existing systems
Monitoring - monitor key performance metrics and availability of the

production environments

Security - work with the Information Security team to ensure our

systems are kept in line with company security policies, including bestpractices in cloud security

Innovation - keep an eye toward future trends, pushing our

capabilities forward, and making recommendations for improvement

Proactive - take an active approach to identifying problems, areas of

improvement, and performance bottlenecks
Daily and Monthly Responsibilities

Collaborate with our engineering teams and managed cloud service

provider to evaluate and identify optimal cloud solutions

Participate in system design consulting, platform management, and

capacity planning

Create sustainable systems and services through automation and

uplifts

Gather and analyze metrics from systems and applications to assist in

performance tuning and fault finding

Balance feature development speed and reliability with well-defined

service level objectives

Identifying, analyzing, and remediating security vulnerabilities
Collaborate with clients and Atrium Client Care to configure new client

sites and service providers for SSO

Work with clients and vendors to establish connections to/from our

environment (VPNs)

Monitor patching, logs, and backups - ensure adherence to our IT

policies

Provide support coverage, monitoring, and incident response in a 24x7

mission-critical cloud hosting environment
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $100,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
401(k) matching
Dental insurance
Employee assistance program
Employee discount
Flexible schedule
Flexible spending account
Health insurance
Health savings account
Life insurance
Paid time off
Parental leave
Professional development assistance
Referral program
Relocation assistance
Retirement plan
Tuition reimbursement
Vision insurance

Schedule:

Monday to Friday

Supplemental Pay:

Bonus pay
Commission pay
Signing bonus
Tips

Work Location: Remote
Speak with the employer+91 917-551-5527


  Remote Front End Engineer - Remote 
  
   We have been in business for 45 yrs! Our portfolio consists of 12,000 global brands & 1,750 global retailers & distributors. We are widely profitable and make 3-4 acquisitions a year! We have 30% year over year growth.
   
 Despite our rapid growth, we have kept a people first & employee first culture. In fact, our Engineering organization is led by an industry leader who has had ZERO attrition. We did not lay off ONE PERSON in 2020 or 2021 and we paid bonuses to our staff before our executives got any! We are a fast paced environment and looking for people who want to scale, build long term careers and RETIRE with us!
  
 What You Will Be Doing

Develop/enhance front-end user interface
Be a part of a larger development team, interface with Product,, DevOps, QA and Project teams
Understand requirements/code/test high-quality web apps
Take wireframes from conception-to-implementation
Use Agile/Kanban methodologies for SDLC
Maintain work backlog through JIRA
Collaborate with team members across locations and time zones

 What You Need for this Position

Angular
JavaScript
CSS
HTML/XHTML
JSON

 What's In It for You

16 Days PTO + 3 Floating Days + 7 other holidays! Your PTO rolls into the next calendar year, too! We also have 2 volunteer days per year!
Full Benefits (cost varies based on plan)
Employee Assistance Program
Paid Leave for Qualifying Events (Maternity Leave: 6 weeks, Paternity Leave: 1 week, Adoption Leave: 4 weeks for primary caregiver)
Tuition reimbursement $3,000 per year max, $5,000 lifetime max eligibility requirements include 1 year of employment with us before enrollment 
Financial Wellness programs (fully funded by us) through SmartDollar 
Voluntary Supplemental Insurance available 
Employee referral bonuses 
Identity Theft Protection (premium dependent on options selected)


    So, if you are a strong Front End Engineer with experience in Angular, please apply today!
  



Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
  

Your Right to Work – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
 
Piper Companies is currently seeking a Java Software Engineers for REMOTE opportunities with a variety of fast-growing organizations on the east coast. The Java Software Engineers will participate in new feature development and contribute to an ongoing project to upgrade the existing architecture and design of enterprise software platforms. U.S Citizenship is required due to working with government contracts.
Responsibilities of the Java Software Engineer:
Work on new feature development, contribute towards architecture/design and assist with maintenance of existing software
Follow current software development best practices in an agile development environment
Provide ETL support, working knowledge is a plus but not necessary.
Work with Java Content Management Systems

Qualifications of the Java Software Engineer:
4-8 years of experience in a software engineer role, using Java
Experience working with PostgreSQL
Requires experience with back-end technologies such as Java or Spring/Spring Boot.
Requires expertise with front-end technologies such as JS, Angular, Bootstrap
Familiarity with containerization such as Docker or Kubernetes

Compensation for the Java Software Engineer:
Comprehensive Benefits: Medical, Dental, Vision, and 401K
This position will be REMOTE however must sit in: 
North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, Nevada, Oklahoma, Wyoming, Michigan
Day to Day: 
Insight Global is looking for a client engineer for one of our major healthcare clients. This individual will be responsible for assisting with new operating system development, package development and package deployment. This person will be responsible for maintaining the architecture, maintenance, configuration and integrity of the End User Computing environments including desktops, printers, laptops, and mobile devices. This person will work with IT personnel, vendors, consultants, and customers for implementation of new or revised functions. They will assist with researching industry trends and developments and how to incorporate them into the organization. They will help to coordinate with third party vendors for maintenance to existing environments and planning for additional capacity and upgrades. This role will sit fully remote.
Must Haves: 

1+ years of experience with End User Computing
1+ year of experience with SCCM/Microsoft End Point
Experience with End Point Management
Experience with Device Management

Plusses: 

Scripting experience
Experience with Virtual Desktop
Experience with Active Directory

Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $95,000.00 per year
Benefits:

401(k)
Dental insurance
Health insurance

Schedule:

8 hour shift

Application Question(s):

How many years of End User Computing experience do you have?

Experience:

SCCM / Microsoft End Point: 1 year (Required)

Work Location: Remote




    First and foremost, Kyruuvians care deeply about our vision to enable human beings to care for human beings, our mission, and our CORE values:
   


 Caring – We care about doing the right thing, in the right way, every time.
Ownership – We own both our successes and our mistakes, taking responsibility and always learning how to be better.
Respect – We respect and celebrate the individual traits that enable each of us, our customers, our providers, and our patients, to be the best that we can be.
Empowerment – We embrace a culture that supports everyone’s ability to contribute and lead.



 Here’s what that would mean for you in the 
    Software Engineer I role.
   



Caring

 You’ll work closely with customer-facing employees on other teams to understand the needs of our customers, and set up our platform to provide the best experience for them and the patients they serve.





Ownership

 Your typical day will include attending Agile standups, writing configuration files, using internal tools like Jenkins, testing your changes, and reviewing others’ changes. You’ll make improvements to our data pipeline, infrastructure and tools to improve our data processing capabilities for all of our customers. You’ll participate in and contribute to Agile team activities. You’ll triage work assigned to the team, ensure it’s ready to be worked on, and estimate the level of effort. You’ll apply Kyruus’ software engineering best practices, coding standards and patterns for development and deployment. You’ll investigate alerts about possible errors in our system. You’ll help solve outages, participate in retrospectives, and implement countermeasures to prevent similar issues from recurring. You’ll create tools and documentation for internal teams like Delivery to understand how our systems work and to enable them to onboard customers in a timely manner with minimal support from Engineering. You’ll report to the Senior Manager, Engineering in the Customer Onboarding Department within the R&D - Engineering Division.





Respect

 How You’ll Use Your Professional Skills You’ll use your entry level experience (1+ years) and/or education in programming to: Help the Agile team execute on internal and external commitments on time. You’ll use your experience in/familiarity with technologies relevant to Kyruus to: Build, scale, and deliver dynamic and highly-available enterprise solutions. Think creatively about how to use technology and tools to solve problems faced by our users and customers. You’ll use your critical thinking skills to: Escalate issues to your Agile team in a timely manner. Troubleshoot issues and debug code to find the root cause of issues and develop countermeasures to address them.





Empowerment

 How You’ll Know You’re Succeeding You enjoy coding and deliver high-quality, robustly coded, easy-to-reason-about software with your proficiency in Python and ability to use data manipulation tools like JMESPath. You complete your tasks reliably and on time to help the team achieve roadmap goals and customer commits. You test your changes thoroughly to ensure that your solution meets the acceptance criteria and does not introduce bugs. You ask for help when you’re blocked and invest in learning from mentors and seek training opportunities to improve your skills as a software engineer. You are assigned tasks of increasing levels of complexity that you’re able to complete with growing confidence. You contribute to improving your team’s software development and deployment processes and are able to demonstrate a high degree of predictability and accountability in delivering your work. Where You’ll Go From Here Kyruuvians in the Software Engineer I role can move in a linear career path to a Software Engineer II or based on skills, performance, and results accomplished to Senior Software Engineer I position. From the Senior Software Engineer position, you can choose to develop along one of two tracks - individual contributor, as a Principal Software Engineer I, or management, as a Manager, Engineering. Kyruus also loves to see an internal transfer. If a linear career path is not what you’re looking for, you can work with your manager and HR to explore lateral moves to other parts of the organization as you continue to grow with us.





Equal Opportunity Employer 




    Kyruus is dedicated to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information. We will not discriminate, in any employment decision, against any individual or group on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, or veterans/national guard/military reserve status. This shall be done in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws in every location in which Kyruus has facilities.
   


